Infectious Disease and Oncology
Innovation is in our DNA
As a leader in molecular diagnostics and the analysis of DNA, RNA, and proteins at the molecular level, Abbott Molecular has over 1000 employees dedicated to manufacturing and marketing more than 450 products worldwide in more than 130 countries. We are committed to advancing molecular testing solutions that guide life’s most profound decisions.
FIRST GENE-BASED TEST DESIGNED TO DETECT
THE HER-2 GENE FOUND IN MANY BREAST
CANCER PATIENTS
OF ALK GENE REARRANGEMENTS
We are committed to exploring new clinical frontiers through the development and delivery of instrument and assay solutions designed to provide earlier disease diagnosis, selection of appropriate therapies and monitoring of disease recurrence. Our scientists are dedicated to producing quality and reliable products and our expanding portfolio brings multiples technologies that enable fast, accurate results.
Abbott Laboratories. Abbott Park, Illinois, U.S.A. All Rights Reserved. Please read the Legal Notice for further details.
This Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries and may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which this site is directed, contact your local Abbott affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence.
You are about to exit the Abbott family of websites for a 3rd party website
Links which take you out of Abbott worldwide websites are not under the control of Abbott, and Abbott is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. Abbott is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Abbott. The website that you have requested also may not be optimised for your screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?
You are about to enter an Abbott country or region specific website.
Please be aware that the website you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions.
Do you wish to continue and enter this website?