WHO WE ARE
ACell is a leading regenerative medicine company that develops and manufactures products designed to facilitate the body’s ability to repair and remodel tissue. Our company helps patients in a variety of settings heal differently.  ACell’s products are gradually incorporated within the patient’s body and replaced with site-appropriate tissue. ACell aspires to be the recognized leader in regenerative extracellular matrix (ECM) technology, offering superior healing options for doctors and patients. We are a dedicated team creating high-quality, innovative solutions that we believe will transform standards of medical care, with the goal of improving the quality of life of every patient for whom our products are used. ACell is committed to becoming and remaining an innovative leader in regenerative medical technology.
ACell headquarters in Columbia, MD
Mission Statement
Develop and manufacture consistently reliable, high quality medical devices
Evolve our technology into new medical disciplines
Provide superior customer service
Expand our market opportunities domestically and internationally
Achieve a positive return on investment to sustain the company, help it grow, and continue to generate new opportunities for the company and its employees
What Makes Us Different
ACell’s proprietary MatriStem UBM™ (Urinary Bladder Matrix) technology platform is based on an extracellular matrix, or ECM, derived from porcine urinary bladder. The UBM includes an intact epithelial basement membrane surface and lamina propria opposing surface. ACell maintains a proprietary method of processing this raw material. The resulting products possess characteristics that facilitate the body’s own regenerative capabilities and help restore normal site-appropriate tissue.
ACell’s medical devices contain multiple types of carbohydrates, collagens, proteins and other components that facilitate a regenerative process, and are gradually resorbed by the patient following implantation. These characteristics enable a remodeling process in the body that helps reduce scarring and facilitates the restoration of site-appropriate, functional tissue.
Our products offer new application paradigms for surgical procedures and in complex, slow-healing or difficult-to-treat wounds or where leading competitive regenerative therapy treatments have not been effective.
Learn more about our UBM technology and ECM platform here.
ACell’s Products
ACell manufactures the only commercially available extracellular matrix (ECM) made of urinary bladder matrix (UBM).  ACell’s Cytal® Wound Matrix and MicroMatrix® devices can be used in a broad range of wound management procedures, including the management of diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs), venous leg ulcers (VLUs), pressure ulcers and second degree burns.  Gentrix® Surgical Matrix devices can be used in surgical soft tissue repair to reinforce soft tissue where weakness exists in urological, gynecological and gastrointestinal anatomy.
Learn more about our applications here.
Our Commitment
ACell is committed to further developing and manufacturing its proprietary products for application across surgical and advanced wound care procedures. Unlike other products on the market, ACell offers a treatment alternative with properties that facilitate remodeling and help to prevent scarring.
ACell is investing in several initiatives leveraging the UBM platform that promise to expand solutions for patients and broaden the overall potential for our products.
Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, with more than 300 employees in the United States, ACell celebrated its initial commercial launch in 2010.
Original text