Adynxx, located in San Francisco, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots. Adynxx’s unique approach is to transform pain management by approaching pain as a disease rather than a symptom.
Team
President and Chief Executive Officer
Rick Orr joined Adynxx in December 2010 as President and Chief Executive Officer, and has more than 15 years of operational, development and legal experience.  Most recently, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Corthera where he led the successful sale of the company to Novartis in February 2010.  Rick previously served as Sr. Vice President, Operations of Cerexa, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Forest Laboratories.  During his tenure at Cerexa, the company completed the successful clinical development of Teflaro® (ceftaroline fosamil), a parenteral antibiotic for the treatment of life-threatening infections.  Rick was one of the founders of Cerexa and served as General Counsel until the company was acquired by Forest Laboratories in January 2007.  Earlier in his career, he served as the Associate General Counsel of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals where he played a central role in structuring the acquisition of Peninsula by Johnson & Johnson.  Prior to working at Peninsula, Rick was an attorney at Cooley LLP.
Rick received a JD magna cum laude from the University of San Francisco School of Law. He received a BA from The Ohio State University and an MA from the University of California, Santa Barbara. Rick is a member of the State Bar of California.
Julien Mamet, PhD
Founder and Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Julien Mamet founded Adynxx in October 2007 and served as Chief Executive Officer and President through December 2010. He currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer and is a member of the Board of Directors. Julien has extensive pharmaceutical experience in the areas of neuroscience and drug discovery and is the inventor of the AYX technology platform. Prior to Adynxx, he worked at the SCRIPPS Research Institute and Novartis Genomics Institute in San Diego, California.
Julien obtained his PhD in Pain and Pharmacology at the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology in Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France, where he worked in the laboratory of Prof. Michel Lazdunski, a worldwide leader in pain research with over 600 publications in the field. His graduate work focused on the identification and validation of novel targets for pain drug therapies. In parallel to his PhD work, he taught biochemistry Masters' courses at the University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France. Julien obtained his BS and MS in Pharmacology and Genetics at the University Claude Bernard in Lyon, France.
Donald C. Manning, MD, PhD
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Donald C. Manning joined Adynxx in January 2012 continuing a 14 year career in the pharmaceutical industry where he has held positions of increasing scope and responsibility starting at Novartis as Global Head of Analgesics Development to Vice President and Neurosciences Therapeutic Area Head at Celgene, Vice President and Head of Clinical Development at Alpharma, VP of Medical Affairs at King Pharma and Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at Shionogi Inc.
Don received his BSc in Physiology and Biochemistry from McGill University in Montreal and earned his PhD in the laboratory of Dr. Solomon H. Snyder at Johns Hopkins University where he also earned his MD. He pursued residency training in Anesthesiology, fellowship training in Regional Anesthesia and Pain Management and a Post-Doctoral Fellowship in the Department of Neurosurgery under Dr. James Campbell all at Johns Hopkins. Before joining the pharmaceutical industry Don held clinical academic faculty positions in the Departments of Anesthesiology at Johns Hopkins, where he was co-director of the Pain Management Center and The University of Virginia Health Sciences Center.
Don has lectured and published widely on pain management topics and is a past-president of the Eastern Pain Association, a regional affiliate of the American Pain Society.
William Martin
Executive Director, Operations
William Martin joined Adynxx in January 2012 as Director, Operations to head up business development and build the Adynxx marketing and commercial strategy. Prior to joining Adynxx, Bill ran his own consulting business, advising venture-backed and public life sciences companies on transaction finance and valuation, marketing and commercial strategy, and business development. Bill was Director, Operations at Corthera where he supported business development activities leading to a successful sale to Novartis in February, 2010.  His previous experience also includes The Boston Consulting Group, Raytheon, and AIR Worldwide, a company that models the risk of property damage due to natural disasters.
Bill received his MBA from the MIT Sloan School of Management and holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering Sciences and Economics from Dartmouth College.
Dina Gonzalez
Controller
Dina Gonzalez joined Adynxx in 2010 as Controller. Prior to joining Adynxx, Dina served as Controller of Corthera until its acquisition by Novartis. She is responsible for the accounting and business operations of the company. Her career has spanned 20 years in the finance industry, starting as a cost accountant in the semiconductor industry. She has held positions of increasing responsibility at VLSI Technology, Philips Semiconductors, Cerexa (acquired by Forest Laboratories), Corthera (acquired by Novartis) as well as consulting with a variety of venture backed companies.
Dina obtained her MBA from St. Mary’s University, San Antonio, Texas. She also holds a BBA in Accounting from St. Mary’s University, San Antonio, Texas and her MPA in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio.
Kimberley Hebert
Senior Director, Clinical Operations
Kimberly Hebert joined Adynxx in October 2011 as Director, Clinical Operations. Her career has spanned 17 years in the biotech industry, starting as a Clinical Operations Assistant, and has held positions of increasing responsibility at Alliance Pharmaceutical, Corp., Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., NovaCardia, Inc., and Merck & Co., Inc. (after NovaCardia was acquired by Merck in 2007). Most recently, she led clinical operations for an international Phase 3 study sponsored by Corthera, Inc., and continued to lead operations for the project after Corthera's acquisition by Novartis in early 2010.
Kim studied in the Clinical Trials Design and Management Extension program at the University of California, San Diego in 2001-2002 and previously studied at the University of Colorado, Boulder.
Board of directors
Chairman
Dennis Podlesak is a Partner at Domain Associates LLC, an exclusively life science focused venture capital firm.
Dennis joined Domain as a partner in 2007 and since joining the Domain team has served as an active investor, a company founder and as the chief executive officer or executive chairman for a number of portfolio investments, resulting in multiple successful exits, intial public offerings, and new drug approvals to address unmet medical needs.
Most recently, Dennis led the growth and sale of Tobira Therapeutics to Allergan plc in November 2016. He previously served on the board of Avanir Pharmaceuticals through its acquistion by Otsuka Pharmaceuticals in January 2015, and was a founding board member of RightCare Solutions through its acquisiton by Cardinal Health in December 2015.
Currently, in addition to serving as the chairman of the board at Adynxx, Dennis is the chairman of the board at Syndax Pharmaceuticals and a board member of DRI Holdings.
Earlier in his tenure with Domain, Dennis served as the chief executive officer of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals and, after building the company, led its sale to Johnson & Johnson. In his next role, Dennis was a founder and the chief executive officer of Cerexa and led its sale to Forest Laboratories. Dennis was also a founder and the chief executive officer of Calixa Therapeutics and successfully led the growth and subsequent sale of Calixa to Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Dennis also served as executive chairman of Corthera and after repositioning the company into the cardiovascular space, led the sale of Corthera to Novartis AG.
Prior to Domain, Dennis served as senior vice president and head of the North American Business Unit for Novartis AG and as a member of Novartis' Pharmaceutical Executive Committee and Global Leadership Team. Earlier in his career, Dennis served as vice president and head of the CEC division of Allergan, Inc., and as member of Allergan's Global and North American Management Teams. Dennis spent the first ten years of his career with SmithKline Beecham (now GlaxoSmithKline plc). Dennis received a B.A. from Western Illinois University and an MBA from Pepperdine University, and has completed post-graduate studies at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
Eckard Weber, MD
Dr. Eckard Weber is a partner at Domain Associates LLC, where he specializes in creating companies around promising new pharmaceutical products. In addition to serving on the Adynxx board of directors, Eckard currently serves as chairman of the board at Ocera Therapeutics and Tragara Pharmaceuticals.
He has been founding CEO of multiple biopharmaceutical companies in the Domain portfolio, including Acea Pharmaceuticals, Ascenta Therapeutics, Calixa Therapeutics, Cytovia, Domain Anti Bacterial Acquisition Corporation, NovaCardia, Novacea, Novalar Pharmaceuticals, Ocera Therapeutics, Orexigen Therapeutics, Sonexa Therapeutics, Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Tobira Therapeutics and Tragara Pharmaceuticals.
Eckard was chairman of a number of Domain portfolio companies until their successful exit, including Peninsula Pharmaceuticals (sold to Johnson & Johnson, 2005), Cerexa (sold to Forest Laboratories, 2007), NovaCardia (sold to Merck, 2007), Calixa (sold to Cubist Pharmaceuticals, 2009). He was also a board member of Conforma Therapeutics (sold to Biogen-IDEC, 2006), Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals (sold to Pharmion, 2006) and Tobira Therapeutics (sold to Allergan, 2016).
Previously, Eckard was a tenured professor of pharmacology at the University of California at Irvine. He has more than 20 years of drug discovery and development experience and has been a consultant to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. He is the inventor or co-inventor of numerous patents and patent applications, and he has published more than 130 papers in scientific periodicals.
Eckard completed his Abitur from Kolping Kolleg, Friedrichshafen, Germany and his M.D. from the University of Ulm Medical School, Germany. He received his postdoctoral training in neuroscience at Stanford University Medical School.
Heath Lukatch, PhD
Dr. Lukatch joined the Adynxx board of directors in 2016. He is a Partner and Managing Director at TPG Biotech, and he currently represents TPG Biotech on the boards of Adynxx, Flexion (Nasdaq: FLXN), Lagunita Bioscience and Satsuma Pharma. Prior to joining TPG Biotech in 2015, Dr Lukatch was a Partner at Novo Ventures (US), where he helped establish Novo Ventures’ San Francisco office. During his 9 years at Novo, Dr. Lukatch served as Chairman of Cianna Medical, Inogen (Nasdaq: INGN), NTP and Spinifex Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Novartis in 2015), and he served as a board member at Amira Pharmaceuticals (acquired by BMS in 2011), AnaptysBio, Elevation Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Sunovion in 2012), Flexion Therapeutics (Nasdaq: FLXN), FoldRx Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Pfizer in 2010), InSound Medical (acquired by Sonova in 2010), Nora Therapeutics and Synosia Therapeutics (acquired by BioTie in 2011), he was also a board observer at Alios BioPharma (acquired by J&J in 2014). Prior to joining Novo Ventures (US), Dr. Lukatch was a Managing Director responsible for biotechnology venture investments at Piper Jaffray Ventures and SightLine Partners, where his investments included Dynavax (Nasdaq: DVAX) and Fluidigm (Nasdaq: FLDM). Before Piper Jaffray Ventures, Dr. Lukatch worked as a strategy consultant with McKinsey & Company, where he was a leader in McKinsey’s biotechnology practice. Dr. Lukatch also served as co-founder and CEO of AutoMate Scientific, a biotechnology instrumentation company, and he has held scientific positions with Chiron, Roche Bioscience and Cetus, doing molecular biology, electrophysiology and protein chemistry, respectively. Dr. Lukatch received his Ph.D. in Neuroscience from Stanford University where he was a DOD USAF Fellow, and his B.A. with high honors in Biochemistry from the University of California at Berkeley.
Stan Abel
Stan E. Abel joined the Adynxx board in 2008, bringing to the company more than 20 years of operational, development and financial management experience. Stan is the President and Chief Executive Officer of SiteOne Therapeutics, a pain company focused on developing a novel platform of highly selective sodium channel 1.7 inhibitors. Stan previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Corthera, Inc., from October 2007 through the successful sale of the company to Novartis in February 2010.  Prior to joining Corthera, Stan served as the Chief Financial Officer of Cerexa, Inc. from its inception in July 2005 through the successful sale of the company to Forest Laboratories in January 2007. Prior to Cerexa‚ Stan was the Chief Financial Officer of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from January 2003 through the sale of the company to Johnson & Johnson in June 2005.  Stan was responsible for all financial activities of the company, raising over $70M in private financing and leading the company through the initial public offering process.  Stan also played a key role in structuring the spin-out of Cerexa and the acquisition of Peninsula by Johnson & Johnson.
Earlier in his career‚ Stan spent four years at Eli Lilly and Company within the finance and strategy organizations. He also held a variety of financial leadership positions during his nine years at DowBrands‚ Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company.  Stan received a B.S. in business from Indiana University and an M.B.A.‚ with honors‚ from the University of Chicago. He received his CPA from the state of Indiana in 1995.
Rick Orr
President and Chief Executive Officer
Rick Orr joined Adynxx in December 2010 as President and Chief Executive Officer, and has more than 15 years of operational, development and legal experience.  Most recently, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Corthera where he led the successful sale of the company to Novartis in February 2010.  Rick previously served as Sr. Vice President, Operations of Cerexa, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Forest Laboratories.  During his tenure at Cerexa, the company completed the successful clinical development of Teflaro® (ceftaroline fosamil), a parenteral antibiotic for the treatment of life-threatening infections.  Rick was one of the founders of Cerexa and served as General Counsel until the company was acquired by Forest Laboratories in January 2007.  Earlier in his career, he served as the Associate General Counsel of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals where he played a central role in structuring the acquisition of Peninsula by Johnson & Johnson.  Prior to working at Peninsula, Rick was an attorney at Cooley LLP.
Rick received a JD magna cum laude from the University of San Francisco School of Law. He received a BA from The Ohio State University and an MA from the University of California, Santa Barbara. Rick is a member of the State Bar of California.
Julien Mamet, PhD
Founder and Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Julien Mamet founded Adynxx in October 2007 and served as Chief Executive Officer and President through December 2010. He currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer and is a member of the Board of Directors. Julien has extensive pharmaceutical experience in the areas of neuroscience and drug discovery and is the inventor of the AYX technology platform. Prior to Adynxx, he worked at the SCRIPPS Research Institute and Novartis Genomics Institute in San Diego, California.
Julien obtained his PhD in Pain and Pharmacology at the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology in Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France, where he worked in the laboratory of Prof. Michel Lazdunski, a worldwide leader in pain research with over 600 publications in the field. His graduate work focused on the identification and validation of novel targets for pain drug therapies. In parallel to his PhD work, he taught biochemistry Masters' courses at the University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France. Julien obtained his BS and MS in Pharmacology and Genetics at the University Claude Bernard in Lyon, France.
Advisors
PhD
Dir. of Pain Research, Associate Prof. of Anesthesia, Stanford Univ. School of Medicine
Tony Yaksh
Prof. of Anesthesiology and Pharmacology, University of California, San Diego
William Schmidt
George Miljanich
Ian Gilron
Henrik Kehlet
MD, PhD
Prof. of Perioperative Therapy, Head of Section of Surgical Pathophysiology, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen Univ.
Richard Rauck
MD
Practice Founder and Exec. Dir., Center for Clinical Research, Winston-Salem, NC
Michael Rowbotham
JAW (Tony) Wildsmith
Emeritus Prof. of Anaesthesia, University of Dundee
William Schmidt
President, NorthStar Consulting, Davis, CA
Adynxx (A – dȳ – nix), located in San Francisco, California, is a clinical stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots.
Office
San Francisco, CA 94111