Research and Development
At Alexion, we know that fighting rare diseases requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation. Our research and development programs aim to deliver life-changing therapies that bring hope to patients and families affected by rare diseases. Often, these patients have few, if any, effective treatment options and face devastating and life-threatening consequences.
Alexion pioneered the complex field of complement biology, and today our internal research efforts focus on leveraging our 20+ years of experience in this field. We discovered and developed the world’s first complement inhibitor, Soliris® (eculizumab), for the treatment of life-threatening, ultra-rare disorders caused by uncontrolled complement activation, and we are now applying this deep expertise to pursue novel molecules and targets in the complement cascade.
Alexion’s development efforts focus on the core therapeutic areas of hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders. We are working to expand Soliris into new complement indications and strengthen our clinical-stage pipeline through internal and external development opportunities in our four core areas.
As we develop and deliver life-changing therapies, we are also leveraging a proprietary bioinformatics platform to strengthen our understanding of rare diseases and provide insights into their epidemiology.
WHAT IS COMPLEMENT?
The complement system is a complex branch of the body’s immune system that destroys and removes foreign particles. While the complement system is essential to maintaining health, it can also become over-activated, contributing to the development of numerous devastating diseases. In PNH, for example, a genetic error in cell proteins results in a deficiency in complement inhibitors that normally protect red blood cells. PNH red blood cells are then recognized by the immune system as foreign particles, and are destroyed by complement. In aHUS, healthy tissue is attacked when complement is activated inappropriately or excessively. In anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive MG, antibodies bind to AchR, activating the complement cascade, which leads to a localized inflammation and destruction of the muscle membrane at the neuromuscular junction (NMJ), in turn leading to a loss of normal muscle function.
Clinical trials are a critical part of our efforts to develop innovative new therapies for patients with severe and devastating rare diseases. Alexion has ongoing and actively recruiting clinical trials in a wide range of therapeutic areas.
Our Pipeline
Learn more about our global R&D organization's rare disease pipeline
Learn more about some of our key ongoing clinical trials
Voluntary Data Sharing
Alexion is indebted to patients and their families for their participation in clinical studies that help to advance treatments. As an organization, we are committed to voluntary sharing of Alexion-sponsored clinical trial data to address unmet medical/clinical needs.
Qualified academic investigators may submit a research proposal for access to clinical data and applicable supporting documents pertaining to Alexion-sponsored interventional clinical studies considered in scope.
Our online portal to receive and review academic research proposals is currently under construction. If you would like additional information, please click the link below and fill out our medical information inquiry form.
Alexion is committed to collaborating with researchers on innovative projects that advance medical and scientific knowledge about our products, product candidates and therapeutic areas of interest.
© 2018 Alexion
You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.About Alexion
About Alexion
Alexion (NASDAQ: ALXN) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing therapies.
Since its founding in 1992, Alexion has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. But we know that fighting rare diseases takes so much more than hope. It requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation.  At Alexion, our goal is to deliver medical breakthroughs where none currently exist. We are driven because we know people's lives are at stake.
Alexion has 2,500 passionate and dedicated employees serving patients in 50 countries around the world.
Our breakthrough Therapies
Through the transformative power of our science, Alexion has delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
Alexion developed Soliris® (eculizumab), the world's first approved terminal complement inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH), atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), and anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
Alexion also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders—Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) and Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D).
Our Future
Alexion’s ambition is to be the global leader in rare diseases. By leveraging our 20+ years of expertise in complement biology and our capabilities in hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders, we will bring additional life-changing therapies to patients and redefine what it means to live with a rare disease. Our legacy will be measured in the families we serve today and the generations that follow.
© 2018 Alexion
You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Alexion Timeline: A Commitment to Breakthrough Innovation
Since our founding in 1992, Alexion has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. We have remained steadfast in our pursuit of groundbreaking innovation, and have delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible. Here are some of the milestones throughout our history.
Company Milestone Product Milestone Awards and Recognition
2018
ULTOMIRIS™ is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of adult patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH).
Alexion acquires Syntimmune, a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing antibody therapeutics targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)
Alexion and Dicerna partner to discover and develop RNA interference (RNAi) therapies for complement-mediated diseases
Alexion moves its global headquarters to Boston, Massachusetts. The Company’s world-class complement research and process development teams remain in the New Haven Center of Excellence
Alexion and Complement Pharma partner to co-develop pre-clinical complement inhibitor for neurodegenerative disorders
Alexion acquires Wilson Therapeutics, strengthening its pipeline and expanding its focus on metabolic and neurologic disorders
Alexion is named one of the World's Most Innovative Companies by Forbes consecutively from 2012 to 2018
Alexion’s data sciences work contributes to Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine scientists’ achievement of new GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ title for fastest genetic diagnosis
2017
Soliris® (eculizumab) is approved in the U.S. and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive and in the European Union for the treatment of refractory generalized gMG in adult patients who are anti-AchR antibody-positive.
Alexion celebrates its 25th anniversary
Alexion’s Center of Excellence (New Haven, CT) receives LEED Platinum Certification
Alexion Appoints Ludwig Hantson, Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer
Alexion celebrates its 10th anniversary of serving patients with PNH, and the approval of Soliris® (eculizumab)
2016
Kanuma® is approved as a treatment for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) in Japan
Alexion receives 2016 Rare Impact Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) and is named as Industry Innovation Honoree for the Company’s work in bringing Strensiq® and Kanuma® to market
Kanuma® receives 2016 German Prix Galien Award in the Orphan Product category
Science names Alexion as a Top Employer in both 2015 and 2016
Alexion initiates two Phase 3 clinical trials of ALXN1210 in complement inhibitor treatment-naïve patients with PNH and aHUS, and receives ODD for ALXN1210 for the treatment of patients with PNH from the EC
Alexion moves into its new global corporate headquarters in New Haven, Connecticut
2015
Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) is approved as a treatment for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) in the U.S., EU, Japan and Canada
Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) is approved as a treatment for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) in the U.S. and EU
Alexion acquires Synageva BioPharma, strengthening its pipeline and establishing a metabolic franchise with the addition of Kanuma as a potential treatment for LAL-D
Alexion opens new EMEA headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland
Alexion is named one of Fortune Magazine’s Fastest Growing Companies in 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015
2014
Soliris® receives orphan drug designation (ODD) for multiple potential indications:
Prevention of delayed graft function (DGF) in renal transplant patients from the FDA, and prevention of DGF after solid organ transplantation from the EMA
Treatment of refractory myasthenia gravis (MG) from the FDA and EMA
Alexion initiates multinational registration trials of eculizumab as a potential treatment for patients with NMO, MG and DGF
Connecticut Magazine names Alexion one of the top workplaces in the state in both 2010 and 2014
2013
Asfotase alfa receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the FDA for the treatment of HPP
Soliris® is approved as a treatment for patients with aHUS in Japan
Soliris® receives orphan drug designation (ODD) for the treatment of neuromyelitis optica (NMO) from the FDA and EMA
2012
Alexion acquires asfotase alfa, the first potential treatment for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP)
New England Journal of Medicine publishes data from Phase 2 study of asfotase alfa in
life-threatening HPP
Alexion is added to the S&P 500 Index of leading global companies
Alexion presented with the Partners in Progress Award from the National Organization for Rare Diseases (NORD)
2011
Alexion responds to a historic public health crisis in Germany and provides Soliris® without charge to hundreds of patients with life-threatening Shiga toxin E. coli-related hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS)
The FDA and the EMA approve Soliris® as the first and only treatment for adult and pediatric patients with aHUS
2010
U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) twice recognizes Alexion with LEED Certification Awards for constructing, operating and maintaining interiors that meet the highest green building and performance standards
2009
Soliris® receives the Prix Galien France Award for Drugs for Rare Diseases
2008
Soliris® is first used as a treatment for patients with atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) in France and Germany
Soliris® receives the Prix Galien USA Award for Best Biotechnology Product
2007
Soliris® (eculizumab) receives approval from the FDA and European Medicines Agency (EMA) as the first and only treatment for patients with PNH
Alexion honored with the Corporate Leadership Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)
Alexion earns the Award of Excellence from Connecticut United for Research Excellence (CURE)
2005
Alexion establishes operations in Europe by opening an office in Paris, France
Second pivotal Phase 3 study of eculizumab in patients with PNH begins (SHEPHERD)
2002-2004
Pilot study with eculizumab commences in Leeds, England in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH)
New England Journal of Medicine publishes positive results from pilot study of eculizumab in 11 patients with PNH
First pivotal Phase 3 study of eculizumab commences in patients with PNH (TRIUMPH)
1996-1998
First in-human clinical trial of eculizumab begins
1992-1994
C5 complement inhibitor development program commences
First pilot manufacturing facility is established in New Haven, CT, USA
US/ULT-PNH/0016
© 2018 Alexion
You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Alexion (NASDAQ: ALXN) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing therapies.
Since its founding in 1992, Alexion has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. But we know that fighting rare diseases takes so much more than hope. It requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation.  At Alexion, our goal is to deliver medical breakthroughs where none currently exist. We are driven because we know people's lives are at stake.
Alexion has 2,500 passionate and dedicated employees serving patients in 50 countries around the world.
Our breakthrough Therapies
Through the transformative power of our science, Alexion has delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
Alexion developed Soliris® (eculizumab), the world's first approved terminal complement inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH), atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), and anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
Alexion also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders—Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) and Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D).
Our Future
Alexion’s ambition is to be the global leader in rare diseases. By leveraging our 20+ years of expertise in complement biology and our capabilities in hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders, we will bring additional life-changing therapies to patients and redefine what it means to live with a rare disease. Our legacy will be measured in the families we serve today and the generations that follow.
© 2018 Alexion
You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.