About Cookies
1. What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are placed and stored on the hard drive of your terminal (computer, Smartphone, tablet or any other device that can be used to browse the internet) by a website server.
Some of these cookies are required to access some site functionalities. Others are used to record statistics and site visit figures (number of visitors to each page, geographical origin of the devices used to visit the site, etc.) and statistics concerning the consultation and use of various elements present on the site (sections and content browsed, duration of visit, etc.). They can also be used to provide additional services such as the sharing of content on a website via social networking sites.
You are not obliged to accept the use of cookies and can choose to refuse them by changing your internet browser settings, as explained below.
To read more about cookies:
Especially on the following ones:
Functionality cookies or strictly necessary cookies:
Depending on regulations, these cookies can be placed on your digital device without user consent. They are essential for browsing our websites or strictly necessary to provide a service expressly requested by the user. We recommend that you do not delete those cookies as this may hamper browsing.
Analytical cookies
These cookies enable us to monitor the use and performance of our websites, establish statistics, number of visitors and the use of various site elements (which pages or sections are consulted the most often, which articles are read the most, etc.) to ensure that our services are as interesting and user-friendly as possible.
These cookies are mostly set by Alstom. Being third-party cookies, they are not saved by us. We therefore suggest that you read the websites of these third parties to find out more about the saved cookies and how they are managed.
You can refuse these cookies at any time by changing your browser settings as indicated below.
Sharing cookies (social links)
Our sites contain links to Facebook, Twitter and other similar social media sites that enable you to share the content of our websites with other people via social media. When you use these share buttons, a third-party cookie is installed.
If you are connected to a social media site when browsing our websites, the share button will allow you to link the content viewed to your social media user account. If you do not want the social media site to link the information gathered through our sites to your user account, you will need to log out of the social media site first.
In any case, you can also refuse these cookies by changing your browser settings as described below.
Please read the privacy policies of these social media sites to ensure that you are aware of your rights and the usage purposes, in particular advertising, of browsing information they may collect via these application buttons.
Advertising cookies
A third-party advertising cookie is set by the server of a domain separate from that of the visited site. The most common advertising third-party cookies are generally those used by media sales agencies.
Advertising third-party cookies are used to monitor a network of sites. For example, they are used to collect information about how visitors use a website and can be used to “recognise” an internet user on a number of different sites. In this case, the network management cookie is set or used from the pages of each site through the use of a tag.
We use the following types of cookies on our website (this list was drawn up in August 2014. It is subject to change over time. Please consult the cookies section in your navigator parameters regularly):
Type of cookie
Name of cookie
Site issuing cookie
Purpose of cookie
Status (mandatory / optional)
Used to store the user session as pages are requested.
Mandatory
Unavailable
Mandatory
Unavailable
Used to store the user session as pages are requested.
Mandatory
Unavailable
Analytical
Optional
partners.alstom.com
Determine whether the current unique visitor is making a new visit.
Optional
partners.alstom.com
Store all information required to identify a traffic source (traffic source, traffic source media, keyword typed in if the internet user visits the site via a search engine, etc.)
Optional
Manage the expiry date of other cookies.
You can opt out of AddThis cookies from all websites by visiting: http://www.addthis.com/advertising-choices
Optional
Optional
Record share activity via social media sites on the website.
Optional
Share
uvc
addthis.com
Update the counter monitoring the sharing of content via social media sites.
Optional
Share
loc
addthis.com
Geolocate, within a State, the people sharing content via social media sites.
Optional
Share
_atuvc
addthis.com
Update the counter monitoring the sharing of content via social media sites.
Optional
Optional
Share
Xtc
Addthis.com
Anonymously tracks user behaviour on the websites that allow a user to share pages on social media using the AddThis tool. AddThis log the anonymous use to generate usage trends to improve the relevance of their services and advertising.
Optional
Share
Visitor_info1_live
Youtube.com
Share
Pref
Youtube.com
Test whether the browser accepts cookies.
Identify which adverts were published on a terminal.
Analytical
NID
Google.com
Share
Guest_id
Twitter.com
Identify the visitor by creating a unique code if the latter has no Twitter account or has never visited twitter.com.
Analytical
_qca
Tumblr.com
Analytical
_ga
Tumblr.com
Advertising
B
Yahoo.com
Analytical
UIDR
Scorecardreseach.com
Optional
Optional
3. Configuring and deleting cookies
In compliance with regulations, you have the right to oppose and to access personal data.
You can choose to block or deactivate cookies at any time. Internet browser default parameters are usually set to accept cookies. You can change this setting by changing your browser's parameters. You can accept or refuse cookies on a case-by-case basis, depending on their issuing site, or you can systematically refuse all of them.
Remember that changing settings may modify your access conditions to our services which require the use of cookies. Therefore, if you do decide to deactivate certain cookies (e.g. functionality cookies), you may not be able to access some parts of our websites.
To manage cookies as you wish, please change your browser settings bearing in mind the role of the cookies as specified above.
Each browser has a different configuration. This configuration is described in your browser's help menu. Open this menu to find out how to set your cookie preferences.
You can deactivate cookies following the instructions below:
Internet Explorer
In Internet Explorer, click on the Tools button and then select Internet options.
In the General tab, click on Settings under Browsing history, click on Parameters.
Click on the "View files" button.
Click on the header of the Name column to sort all files in alphabetical order and then browse the list until you see files starting with the "Cookie" prefix. (All cookies have this prefix and usually contain the name of the website that created the cookie).
Select the cookie or cookies that you would like to remove.
Close the window which contains the list of files and then double-click OK to go back to Internet Explorer.
Firefox
Go to the "Tools" tab of the browser and select the “Options” menu.
In the display window, select "Privacy" and click on "Remove individual cookies".
Identify the files listed above, select them and remove them.
Safari
Click on Security.
Click on View cookies.
Select the cookies listed above and click on Remove or Remove all.
When you have deleted the cookies, click on Finish.
Google Chrome
Select Options.
Click on the Advanced options tab and access the "Privacy" section.
Click on the View cookies button.
Identify the files listed above, select them and delete them.
Click on "Close" to go back to your browser.
Some browsers offer the “Do Not Track” option that you can select to prevent cookies being stored on your terminal.
If you have any further questions, please contact ALSTOM Communication Department, 48 rue Albert Dhalenne, 93400 Saint-Ouen, France.
Your journey with Alstom continues here
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
More infoCompany
€278M
7,000
engineers
5,800
patents
30%
of orders booked will come from newly-developed products by 2020
Staying a step ahead
Alstom has built an international reputation on the performance and technological lead provided by its transport solutions. The company is determined to maintain its focus on innovation to set itself apart from other market players while establishing its competitive edge and reducing the total cost of ownership of its products.
Coradia iLint production © Alstom/Julien Goldstein
Alstom has structured an innovation process designed to identify and nurture the most promising ideas in line with the Group’s innovation strategy. Due to ongoing R&D investment and partnerships, we unveiled three new solutions for 2016/17: the zero-emission  Coradia iLint  regional train, the electric bus Aptis and the multimodal management system for urban transport  Mastria .
For Alstom, smart innovation is a way to create a smarter mobility with added-value for rail transport passengers and operators. It is also a way to increase Alstom's assets, through a proper management of intellectual property and to enhance its efficiency and ways of working. Our objective is to make rail systems:
more efficient for operators (smart maintenance, cybersecurity, optimised total cost of ownership, efficiency);
more attractive for passengers (on-board passenger experience, connectivity, real-time information);
and more integrated with other mode of transport (mutimodal operations, first and last mile mobility solution).
An ecosystem of innovation and creativity
We promote open innovation, partnering with a number of universities, research centres and start-ups. It has fostered public/private research initiatives like SystemX (digital solutions for future transport services), SuperGrid (new power conversion technologies) and Railenium (railway system technologies). We are also involved in competitiveness clusters specialising in embedded systems and transport solutions for the future. Furthermore, Alstom developed partnerships with diverse stakeholders to strengthen its scope for innovation in line with its far-sighted approach. Since 2010, Alstom has been a sponsor of  Aster Capital , a venture capital fund in innovative technologies. Through this proactive approach, Alstom creates a complete ecosystem with diverse stakeholders dedicated to innovation.
1/4 Alstom and RATP have partnered to work on an autonomous tram program in a depot. ©Alstom
Encouraging in-house creativity
Alstom supports its R&D efforts by fostering a strong culture of innovation within the company, embodied by the annual “I NOVE YOU” competition.
Open to all employees across all business lines and sites, the competition rewards creativity in every shape and form, spanning products, systems, processes, sustainable development, Open Innovation and more. In 2018, 600 projects were submitted.
For a trusted and cyber-secure mobility
Transportation cybersecurity has become a critical issue. At Alstom, we take this very seriously and have put in place an organization and dedicated guidelines to deal with it. We also contribute to the definition of international standards on rail cybersecurity.
Combining expertise in cybersecurity and thorough knowledge of the railways, Alstom supports today its customers in the protection of their transport systems:
We conduct cybersecurity risk analysis and provide pragmatic security architecture and controls based on the context of the operator.
We develop our solutions integrating cybersecurity: secure development lifecycle, security assurance, hardened configurations, secure protocols, administration function protection, security events management and alerts. We also develop products dedicated to cybersecurity such as interfaces between zones.
We provide our solutions with the appropriate guidelines and procedures for secure installation, configuration, operation and maintenance.
/
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
By clicking any link on this page you are giving your consent for us to set cookies.
More infoen
fr
Personnas Navigation
Customers
Investors
Suppliers
Media
Passengers
Talents
Australia
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
China
France
Germany
India
Italy
Kazakhstan
Netherlands
Poland
Saudi Arabia
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
UAE
UK
USA
Menu
Company
Activity report
Corporate governance
Innovation
Strategy
Commitments
Sustainable mobility
Sustainable sourcing
Health and safety
Environmental footprint
Local communities
Diversity & Inclusion
Ethics
Our solutions
Components
Digital mobility
Infrastructure
Rolling stock
Services
Signalling
Systems
Careers
Candidate data privacy
Your career at Alstom
Job search
Finance
Siemens Alstom
Financial & Share information
Financial calendar
Financial results
Investors presentations
Shareholders
Shareholders' meetings
Regulated information
Follow us on
You are
Passengers
Customers
Media
Investors
Talents
Suppliers
English
Français
Follow us on
Search
Hit the key 
enter
 to validate
Finance
Financial & share information about Alstom
Facebook
Twitter
Alstom ordinary shares have been listed on the Paris Stock Exchange since June 22, 1998. Alstom is part of the CAC Large 60 index (composed of the 60 most important securities listed on Euronext Paris) and the SBF 120 index (an index compiled by Société des Bourses Françaises made up of the ‘120 major, continuously quoted securities that are the most actively traded and liquid’). Alstom is also part of the Euronext 100 index (index made up of the 100 major, continuously quoted securities that are the most actively traded and liquid on the Euronext Exchange).
The Company has chosen not to create or otherwise sponsor an American Depositary Receipt (ADR) facility in respect of its shares. Any ADR facility currently in existence is "unsponsored" and has no ties whatsoever to the Company. 
This means that the Company cannot be relied upon to ensure the proper operation of such facility or to protect the rights of ADR holders, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability or submission to jurisdiction to any courts in the United States in respect of such facility. Persons choosing to deposit ALSTOM shares into such a facility or to acquire ADRs issued from such a facility do so at their own risk and on the basis of their own analysis of such facility.
For the investment calculator and the historical share price lookup, only 5 years of data are available.
ISIN code : FR0010220475
Ticker : ALO
Capital structure
According to a shareholding study carried out in March 2018 to monitor the development of its capital structure.
Capital structure by region (On identified shareholders only)
Total Group actual figures (IAS11) - Fiscal year ending 31 March
Actual figures (in € million)
2015/16
2016/17
2017/18
Orders received
10,636
10,008
7,183
Backlog
30,363
34,781
34,178
Sales
6,881
7,306
7,951
Adjusted EBIT
366
421
514
Adjusted EBIT margin
5.3%
5.8%
6.5%
Net income - Group share
3,001
289
475
Free cash flow
(2,614)
182
128
Net cash / (debt)
(203)
(208)
(255)
Equity
3,328
3,713
4,027
In respect of the previous financial years, it has been proposed to the Shareholders' Meetings called on 1 July 2014, on 30 June 2015 and on 5 July 2016 not to distribute dividends.
Since the resolutions were approved by the shareholders, no dividend was paid in respect of the fiscal years ended 31 March 2014, 31 March 2015 and 31 March 2016.
As approved at the Shareholders’ Meeting on 4 July 2017, Alstom has distributed a dividend of €0.25 per share for fiscal year 2016/17.
As approved at the Shareholders’ Meeting on 17 July 2018, Alstom has distributed a dividend of €0.35 per share for fiscal year 2017/18.
Public share buy back offer
Below for your perusal are Alstom’s credit line profile and its rating by Moody’s Investor service.
Debt
Instrument
Amount
(in  € million)
Issue Date
Maturity
Interest Rate
ISIN
Capital Market
Bonds
594
18 Mar. 2010 / 24 June 2010
18 March 2020
4,50%
FR0010870949
EMTN
282
8 July 2013
8 July 2019
3%
FR0011531631
Bank loans
Credit facility (undrawn)
400
4 Nov. 2015
20 June 2022
Rating
Rating
Rating date (latest or affirmed)
Outlook
Rating date (latest or affirmed)
Moody’s Investors Services
Short-term rating
P-2
28 September 2017
Long-term rating
Baa2
28 September 2017
Stable
28 September 2017
First Supplement dated 25 June 2013 to the Base Prospectus
EMTN programme base prospectus dated 20 June 2013
To our knowledge, the below list presents the main analysts covering the Alstom stock. We provide this list for your convenience only and do not endorse or express any opinion on these analysts’ reports. The list will be updated on a regular basis, but does not purport to be complete, correct or representative as of any point in time.
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
LOCATION
ANALYST
Alpha Value
Paris
Lionel Pellicer
Bank of America - Merrill Lynch
London
Mark Troman
Berenberg
London
Simon Toennessen
Citi
London
Martin Wilkie
CM-CIC
Paris
Agnès Blazy
Deutsche Bank
Paris
Gael de Bray
Exane BNP Paribas
London
Jonathan Mounsey
Goldman Sachs
London
Daniela Costa
Intermonte
Milan
Mario Coppola
Invest Securities
Paris
Jean-Louis Sempé
JP Morgan
London
Akash Gupta
Kepler Cheuvreux
London
William Mackie
Morgan Stanley
London
Ben Uglow
ODDO BHF
Paris
Alfred Glaser
Redburn
London
James Moore
Société Générale
London
Alasdair Leslie
UBS
London
Guillermo Peigneux Lojo
You are
Passengers
Customers
Media
Investors
Talents
Suppliers
Company
Commitments
Our solutions
Careers
Finance
Follow us on
English
Français
© Alstom 2018