CEO / Director:   Dr. Anthony Lochtefeld
Dr. Anthony Lochtefeld is Founder and CEO of AmberWave Inc. and co-inventor of the Ultra-Thin Silicon solar cell technology. He was CTO of predecessor company AmberWave Systems, where he led the development of pioneering semiconductor wafer and device technology for application to integrated circuits and LEDs, leading directly to $85M in patent licensing deals and technology sales. Subsequently at AmberWave Inc. he led participation in the $53M DARPA Very High Efficiency Solar Cell program (VHESC), and the company’s DOE SunShot Incubator program. He holds a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from MIT, and an MSEE from Purdue. In 20 years in the field of semiconductor materials and devices he has co-authored over 130 peer-reviewed technical papers, and holds nearly 100 U.S patents.
CFO: Bryan Lord
Mr. Lord is CFO of AmberWave and managing member of New Venture Advisors LLC in Bedford, New Hampshire. Prior to founding New Venture Advisors, Mr. Lord was Director of Technology Commercialization at Oak Ridge National Laboratories, General Counsel / Head of Licensing to AmberWave Systems Corp., and a corporate attorney at Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP in Boston Massachusetts. Mr. Lord has a J.D. from Notre Dame Law School and M.B.A. from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.
VP of Operations:  Mark Carroll
Mark Carroll has served as the VP of Operations at AmberWave since January 2010. Prior to this, Mr. Carroll served as Director of Operations at AmberWave Systems Corp. leading efforts in the development of strained Si for CMOS applications, III-V on Si integration for high efficiency solar cells, and GaN-based LED technologies. In over 15 years in the semiconductor industry, he has co-authored over 30 peer-reviewed technical papers. Mr. Carroll holds a Masters in Science from Worchester Polytechnic Institute in Worchester, Massachusetts
Director:  George C. McNamee
George McNamee is a private investor.   In addition, he is Chairman of fuel cell developer Plug Power Inc. and until recently was Lead Director of iRobot Corporation.   McNamee is also a Director of several private companies, including Autotask Corporation, CORESense Inc., and StreetEasy Inc.   He had served as Chairman of First Albany Companies Inc. since its inception in 2002, and as a Managing Director of FA Tech Ventures from 2000 to 2011. Mr. McNamee has also been a director of Home Shopping Network, Meta Group, the NYSE Inc and Mapinfo Inc./Pitney Bowes. He received a Bachelor’s Degree from Yale University.
CTO / Director: Dr. Allen Barnett
Dr. Barnett is co-inventor of the UTSi solar cell technology. He was Professor of Advanced Photovoltaics in the School of Photovoltaics and Renewable Energy Engineering (SPREE) at UNSW, Australia. He also served as Deputy Head of School (Strategy) for SPREE. His research is focused on new high efficiency solar cell modules; thin crystalline silicon (20+%) and tandem solar cells on silicon (30+%). Previously, he joined the University of Delaware (UD) in 1976 as Director of the Institute of Energy Conversion and Professor of Electrical Engineering. He left UD in 1993 to devote full time to AstroPower which became the largest independent solar cell manufacturer and the 4th largest in the World. He returned to UD in 2003.
Director: Richard J. Faubert
The University of New South Wales – Australia (UNSW). Sydney,         Australia.
In
the
News
"The majority of commercial roofs in Australia and 40% of those USA are made of thin steel sheeting that is not structurally capable of supporting the weight of conventional glass-based PV modules. We are developing a building-integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) roofing material to be factory integrated with low cost steel roofs for commercial buildings. This roofing product is based on the Ultra-Thin Silicon on steel (UTSi) solar cell, fabricated via epitaxial growth of a thin layer of monocrystalline silicon grown on porous silicon."
Allen Barnett, Professor of Advanced Photovoltaics, UNSW
(PVSEC-26)
Some
Peer
Review
IEEE
Development of a 16.8% Efficient 18-μm SiliconSolar Cell on Steel
About