Agree
About Us
World leader in gases, technologies and services for Industry and Health
Industrial gas production – oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen and rare gases
Specialty gases and advanced precursor materials
Gas supply modes – cylinder, bulk, microbulk, pipeline delivery, as well as on-site production
Gas handling equipment
Engineering & Construction
Industrial gas production and distribution
Industrial gas production and distribution has remained at the core of Air Liquide’s business since its founding in 1902. In the U.S., our robust production and distribution networks are engineered to serve the needs of our diverse customer base. Air Liquide owns and operates more than 140 industrial production facilities throughout the U.S.
Primary production facilities:
Steam Methane Reformer (SMR) – hydrogen and syngas
Carbon dioxide capture – purification and liquefaction
Cogeneration – electricity and steam
We deliver a range of industrial and specialty gases in bulk and in cylinders through a robust distribution network.
700+ professional truck drivers
500+ tractors and trailers
60+ truck and rail depots
We deliver enormous volumes of oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen and syngas to large industrial customers in Texas and Louisiana through extensive pipeline networks.
Air Liquide owns and operates more than 2,000 miles of industrial gas pipeline in the U.S.
Air Liquide has developed an array of on-site industrial gas production technologies to meet the needs of many industries. We install, operate and maintain a range of on-site production systems, which generate medium to large volumes of oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen at hundreds of customer sites.
Safety first
Safety is a core value at Air Liquide and we take pride in our high safety standards. Our safety performance, which has improved steadily for more than 20 years, attests to the active involvement of employees in Air Liquide’s strong safety culture. 
Innovation
Innovation is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. We constantly reinvent our business, anticipating market challenges and opening up new markets to create new growth opportunities. Air Liquide also innovates for the benefit of society, exploring new technologies to meet the needs of customers and patients.
The Delaware Research & Technology Center (DRTC), one of Air Liquide’s nine major R&D centers worldwide, was established in Newark, Delaware in 2007.
Today more than 100 researchers representing over 20 nationalities are based at the DRTC.
Major fields of research include bioresources, electronics, membranes, oxy-combustion, process control and logistics, hydrogen energy and modeling.
Sustainable development
Air Liquide is creating new high value-added applications and services, fostering innovation to reduce pollution, lower energy consumption, maximize the value of our natural resources, develop alternative energy sources and improve quality of life – for the benefit of customers, patients and society.
Community partnerships
At Air Liquide, we view community investment not as a choice but as a serious responsibility. We are committed to supporting the communities in which we live and invest both financially and through volunteering time and expertise. In the U.S., Air Liquide’s community engagement program supports philanthropic initiatives dedicated to improving STEM education, youth enrichment and relief efforts for natural disasters.