Ampt is a recognized leader in PV power technology
Ampt is a privately held company that serves the global solar market to provide system level optimization that lowers the cost and increases the energy production of large-scale PV systems.
About Us
Ampt delivers innovative power conversion technology that improves the way PV systems are designed.
Ampt’s leadership team has extensive experience operating and growing successful technology companies.
Our team members are experts in PV system development, applications and markets.
About Us
Ampt was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Fort Collins, Colorado. Ampt is established with sales and support in North America, Europe, Japan, and South Korea as well as representation in Southeast Asia, Australia, and the Middle East.
1
2
3
Ampt delivers innovative power conversion technology
Ampt’s award winning technology and communications capabilities improve the way PV systems are designed.
Patented technology
Ampt has a growing portfolio of patents that have been granted in all major markets that is used to uniquely enable optimal boundaries for voltage and current on the output of each DC power optimizer to lower total cost and improve performance of PV projects.
Ampt is committed to deliver products that exceed all standard metrics of reliability and performance for similar products. The company invests heavily to ensure product performance through extensive testing - including independent evaluation by third parties.
Superior Field-Performance Results
Ampt products undergo rigorous performance testing to evaluate product performance and energy production advantages. Systems with Ampt Optimizers outperform those without Ampt by recovering losses caused by electrical imbalances (mismatch).
World-class manufacturing
Ampt products are made in the USA in partnership with a tier 1 contract manufacturer.
ISO/TL 9000 operating standards
Six-Sigma operating principles
Continuous quality improvement teams
Operational Excellence Management System
Leadership Team
Our team has demonstrated strong management and engineering leadership in the solar and power electronics industries with decades of experience.
Doug Schatz
Aaron Gomolak
Founder and Chairman
Mr. Doug Schatz is a founder and Chairman of Ampt. Before Ampt he founded and funded Advanced Energy Industries (AEIS), and was CEO, Chairman and President from 1981 through 2005. He retired from Advanced Energy as Chairman in 2014.
While helping to build Advanced Energy he received the IR-100 R&D award, and lead the company to multiple Inc. 500 awards, including in the top 50. The company remains the world leader in its specialty of precision power sources.
After leaving Advanced Energy Mr. Schatz has become more active in philanthropy through his family foundation and through other directed activities. He has also continued to invest in startups in a range of industries and is on the board of several of these companies.
Levent Gun
CEO
Mr. Levent Gun has over 25 years of technology experience having worked in technical and senior executive-level positions while establishing a track record of successful leadership at both start-ups and mature companies. Levent joined Ampt as its first CEO shortly after its Series A funding and lead all aspects of Ampt’s product and go to market strategies as well as built the team and Ampt’s customer driven culture. Under Levent’s leadership Ampt has created a new category of optimizers for the utility segment of the Solar PV market and became the #1 optimizer company worldwide for this largest segment.
Prior to joining Ampt as CEO, Levent was president and CEO of Kleer, a wireless audio semiconductor company that was acquired by SMSC. Prior to Kleer, Levent was president and CEO of Iospan Wireless, a pioneer in MIMO technology, which was acquired by Intel Corporation. Previously, Levent co-founded and led US Robotics’ Cable Data Business and transformed this fledgling start-up into a $100 million business after 3COM’s acquisition of US Robotics. Earlier in his career, Levent held various engineering management and leadership positions at Motorola and IBM, as well as research positions at several universities and labs.
Levent holds a Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Maryland and undergraduate degrees in engineering and mathematics from Bogazici University in Turkey. He has published extensively in technical journals and holds 14 patents and numerous awards for his pioneering work in high speed data communications and broadband access. An accomplished speaker, Levent is often invited to speak at industry events as well as present papers.
Darryl Parker
VP of Sales and Marketing
Mr. Darryl Parker is the Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Ampt. He leads the global sales team with profit and loss responsibility for this dynamic fast-growing company in the renewable energy space. Mr. Parker is also responsible for all Field Application Engineering personnel and activities that ensure customer satisfaction and service in Europe, Japan, Asia Pacific, and the Americas.
Mr. Parker moved into the renewable energy sector joining Satcon as Vice President of Sales. He led the development and execution of Satcon’s global sales efforts, including programs that focus on the company’s industry leading solutions for utility scale renewable energy production. During his 5+ year tenure, Mr. Parker headed up the North American and Asia Pacific Sales Operations for Satcon managing a $200M+ annual business in addition to managing their Global Services business practice.
Prior to Satcon, Darryl was vice president of international sales for Harris Corporation’s Microwave Communication Division. He led the $180M+ operational activities across Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia- Pacific, China, and Latin America that is approximately one half the divisions’ revenues. Previously to Harris, Mr. Parker was the Chief Marketing Officer for the Retail and Financial Group (RFG) of NCR Corporation. In this role, Darryl was responsible for driving better and more efficient customer sales and service in implementing the company’s new TeleWeb initiative, which enabled customers worldwide to purchase NCR products and services through enhanced Internet and telephone channels. Mr. Parker also led the architecture and design of RFG’s indirect channel model and was responsible for the implementation through the company’s business unit structure.
Before his tenure at Harris, Darryl Parker worked at Sun Microsystems and IBM in various senior management, sales, support, and engineering positions. Darryl holds an MBA from the University of Phoenix and undergraduate degree in electrical engineering from Howard University.
Aaron Gomolak
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Gomolak brings demonstrated leadership and experience in global finance and operations across a number of industries including Renewable Energy, High Technology and Forest Products. Aaron’s twenty years of experience includes Georgia Pacific Corporation, Advanced Energy Industries and Satcon Technology Corporation.
Prior to joining Ampt, Aaron served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Satcon Technology, a leading provider of utility scale distributed power conversion solutions for the solar photovoltaic market. At Satcon, Mr. Gomolak was a key member of the management team which developed a global brand and infrastructure. His various roles included leading global finance, information technology, supply chain, manufacturing and quality organizations where he successfully developed partnerships with suppliers, customers and financial institutions throughout North America and Asia.
Previous to Satcon, Aaron held various financial roles of increasing responsibility including seven years at Advanced Energy Industries where he was the Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller, and seven years at Georgia Pacific in operational and corporate finance.
Aaron received his Bachelor of Business Administration degree from Western Michigan University – Hawthorn College of Business in 1993.
Anatoli Ledenev
Chief Scientist
< Previous | Next >
Our People
A rich heritage of creating best-in-class solutions to improve PV power generation and lower the cost of renewable energy.
Committed to making a difference
We are fundamentally changing the way PV systems are designed and managed to increase output, reduce cost, and improve customer project ROI. Together, with our partners, we are broadening the market for clean and renewable energy.