Founded in February 1997, Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AOI) designs, develops, and manufactures advanced optical devices, packaged optical components, optical subsystems, laser transmitters, and fiber optic transceivers.
These products are used in fiber optic communications equipment for FTTH (Fiber-to-the-Home), point-to-point telecom, datacom and access networks, and systems supporting cable television (CATV), network infrastructure.
AOI is a vertically integrated company with a state-of–the-art semiconductor component fab at our USA Headquarters near Houston, Texas. Coupled with an SMT production line at our China operation, a high degree of manufacturing integration enables us to deliver performance with fast lead times at a competitive cost.
AOI transceiver products feature AOI lasers with superior performance and excellent reliability. The transceivers are designed in and manufactured from our Taiwan Division. Each division of AOI has assembled a world-class pool of talent, from optoelectronics professionals, to mechanical engineers, RF and digital circuit designers, all with the goal of developing best-in-class products.
Broad product lines make AOI capable of extending its addressable market to more fiber optic applications. Equipped with excellent design capability, key in-house optical components, and volume manufacturing facilities, AOI is offering a uniquely high level of price competiveness and performance.
Tel 281-295-1800Acceptance of Terms
When you access this web site ("Web Site" or "Site"), you acknowledge that you have read and agree to abide by the terms described below ("Terms"). If you do not agree to the Terms discussed here, you should exit this Web Site now.
Copyright
Unless otherwise indicated, information contained in this Site is Copyright © 2000-2016 Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. ("AOI") or the original creator of the material. All Rights Reserved. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of AOI or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, informational, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You also may not, without AOI's permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these Terms. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
All product and brand names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. Applied Optoelectronics, Inc., AOI, the AOI logo, QuantuMax, and "Bringing the World to Light" are trademarks, service marks, or registered trademarks of AOI. AOI's trademarks may be used publicly only with permission from AOI. Fair use of AOI's trademarks in advertising and promotion of AOI products requires proper acknowledgement.
Patents
The products described on this Site may be covered by one or more U.S. and foreign patents and pending applications.
Other Terms
No Warranty
Material on this Site is provided "as is" and does not constitute a warranty of any kind, either express or implied. AOI disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied. This includes but is not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. It also includes any expressed or implied warranties arising from any course of dealing, usage or trade practice. While AOI attempts to provide accurate information on this Web Site, it assumes no responsibility for accuracy. AOI may change the information on the Site, or the products mentioned, at any time without notice. Mention of non-AOI products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
Third Party Web Sites
AOI may provide hyperlinks or pointers on this Site to other web sites maintained by third parties. The links to any such third party web sites are provided for your convenience and information only. The content in any linked web site is not under our control and if you decide to access any such web site, you do so entirely at our own risk. The fact that we provide a link to a third party web site does not mean that we endorse, authorize or sponsor any such site or that we are affiliated with such third party.
Legal Documents
Forward-Looking Statements; Limitation of Liability
Some of the information on this Site may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of AOI. We wish to caution you that these statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially.
AOI expressly disclaims all liability for the use or interpretation by others of information contained in this Site. A visitor who uses, or makes decisions based upon, information contained in this Site does so at the visitor's own risk. AOI is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the material on this Site. This includes but is not limited to the loss of data or loss of profit, even if AOI was advised of the possibility of such damages.
Submissions
AOI does not want you to, and you should not, send any confidential information or proprietary information to AOI via the Web Site. Any submission by you becomes the property of AOI and you grant AOI the authority and right to use that information. By sending AOI materials or information, you grant AOI an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute such material or information and you further agree that AOI is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you provide for any purpose.
Compliance and Revision of Terms
Compliance and Revision of Terms. AOI makes no representation that the information contained in this Site or that access to this Site is appropriate or available for use throughout the world. You are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws in the geography from which you access this Site, including but not limited to, all applicable export and import laws and regulations. Any claims relating to AOI’s Site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, USA, exclusive of its conflict of law provisions. AOI may unilaterally revise these Terms and conditions without notice and any such changes shall be effective upon posting.
Tel 281-295-1800Skip to main content
About Our
Company
Overview
Management Team
Board of Directors
Global Compliance
Visit AOI
Our
Products
Applications
CATV - Broadband
Data Center
FTTH
Telecom
Sensing
Product Types
Components
Transceivers
Investor
Relations
News &
Events
Overview
Events
Contact &
Careers
Overview
Careers
Benefits
Life in Houston
Online Contact Form
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+
Facebook
Overview
Management Team
Board of Directors
Global Compliance
Visit AOI
About Our Company
Our Locations
World Headquarters - Houston
13139 Jess Pirtle Blvd.
Driving Directions (From U.S. 59)
Head south on U.S. 59 and exit at US-90 ALT E and turn right.

Proceed west on US-90 ALT E to Gillingham and turn right.

AOI is located on the southwest corner of the intersection.
NEARBY HOTELS
Sugar Land Marriott Town Square
16090 City Walk
H
yatt Place Houston/Sugar Land
16730 Creekbend Dr.
*Ask for AOI's Corporate Rate
AOI Taiwan
No. 18, Gong 4th Rd., Linkou District,
AOI China
No. 88, Qiushi Rd.
AOI Atlanta
3025 Breckinridge Blvd Suite 130
About Us
Products
Investors
News & Events
Contact
Legal
®Treating all stakeholders with dignity and respect,
Ensuring safe working conditions across our supply chain
Operating in an environmentally responsible manner, and
Commitment to continuous improvement
AOI's policy represents a statement of our commitment to CSR that is based on and consistent with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), formerly known as the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC), Code of Conduct.  The RBA Code of Conduct is a set of standards on social, environmental and ethical issues in the electronics industry supply chain.
We enforce these commitments through our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Environmental Management System, Employee Handbook and SOPs which are applicable to all our employees and operations and our Supplier Code of Conduct, which our business partners (including suppliers) are directed to comply with.
Conflict Minerals Policy Statement
Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) enacted in July 2010 imposes certain reporting obligations on Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) registrants whose manufactured products contain conflict minerals which are necessary to the functionality or production of their products. Conflict Minerals are defined as tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold that originates from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) or an adjoining country.
As directed by the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC has adopted rules requiring publicly traded companies to disclose whether they use tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten that originated in the DRC or an adjoining country and if so, to issue a report identifying their products that are not conflict free and their due diligence efforts to determine the source and chain of custody of the metals. Conflict Free means the product does not contain tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten that directly or indirectly finances or benefits armed groups in the DRC or an adjoining country.
AOI supports efforts to eliminate the use of tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten from improper sources that could promote such serious problems in the DRC and adjoining countries.
Accordingly, AOI’s policy on Conflict Minerals is:
AOI strives to have a Conflict Free supply chain, and is committed to sourcing products and materials from conflict-free sources
AOI expects our vendors to have policies and processes in place to be able to trace the source of their materials and products to ensure that any Conflict Minerals contained in products we purchase from our vendors do not originate from conflict mines within the DRC and the surrounding region
AOI will provide applicable vendors with the standardized Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition/Global E-Sustainability Initiative (EICC/GeSI) Conflict Minerals Reporting Template (CMRT) that traces the metals back through the supply chain. AOI also supports industry initiatives such as the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative (CFSI) Conflict Free Smelter Program (CFSP) to validate responsible and sustainable sources. Our objective is to have a conflict-free supply chain. If AOI becomes aware of a vendor whose supply chain includes metals from a conflict source, AOI will take the appropriate actions to remedy the situation in a timely manner, including reassessment of vendor relationships, to achieve that objective. AOI expects our vendors to take similar measures with their vendors to ensure alignment throughout the supply chain.
Tel 281-295-1800