Our patent portfolio exemplifies our belief in improving the diagnosis of high-risk medical conditions and diseases through the identification and validation of protein biomarkers. We have assembled an experienced team of scientists dedicated to providing innovative products that serve the needs of our customers.
Through this innovation, we continue to develop a portfolio of patent applications in various disease fields. Our intellectual properties include an estate of more than 30 published international patent applications, a list of which may be found  here . Our patent applications have been filed in major geographic regions including the United States, Canada, Japan, China, India, and the European Union.
Our Brand Names:
Astute Medical® and the “AM” logo
Astute Medical® is dedicated to improving the diagnosis of high-risk medical conditions and diseases through the identification and validation of protein biomarkers that can serve as the basis for novel diagnostic tests. The Company’s focus is community and hospital acquired acute conditions that require rapid diagnosis and risk assessment. Astute Medical’s current areas of interest include abdominal pain, acute coronary syndromes, cerebrovascular injury, kidney injury and sepsis.
NephroCheck®
The NephroCheck® Test utilizes immunoassay technology to identify changes in biomarker measurements that correlate with risk for AKI. The test is performed on a small cartridge that employs proprietary microfludic engineering to conduct most sample processing steps.
Astute140®
The Astute140® Meter is a bench-top reader for the NephroCheck® Test cartridge.
Trademarks
Trademarks protect the brand names and logos used to identify our company and products. In the United States, Astute Medical®, the AM logo, NephroCheck®, the NephroCheck® logo and Astute140® are registered trademarks of Astute Medical, Inc.
In members of the European Community, Astute Medical®, the AM logo, NephroCheck®, the NephroCheck® logo and Astute140® are registered trademarks of Astute Medical, Inc.
Patents
Patents protect useful processes, machines, articles of manufacture, and compositions of matter for a limited period.
Astute Medical has filed numerous patent applications to protect its inventions throughout the world. For more information, please contact us at  info@astutemedical.com .
Visual
Text
Paragraph
Or link to existing content
Search
No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.
Cancel