https://www.bhge.com/1-year-strong?utm_campaign=Anniversary&utm_content=&utm_medium=extranet_link&utm_source=BHGE_Aboutus&utm_term=
1 year strong
About our company
Baker Hughes, a GE company (NYSE:BHGE) is the world’s first and only fullstream provider of integrated oilfield products, services and digital solutions.  Drawing on a storied heritage of invention, BHGE harnesses the passion and experience of its people to enhance productivity across the oil and gas value chain.   BHGE helps its customers acquire, transport and refine hydrocarbons more efficiently, productively and safely, with a smaller environmental footprint and at lower cost per barrel. Backed by the digital industrial strength of GE, the company deploys minds, machines and the cloud to break down silos and reduce waste and risk, applying breakthroughs from other industries to advance its own.   With operations in over 120 countries, the company’s global scale, local know-how and commitment to service infuse over a century of experience with the spirit of a startup – inventing smarter ways to bring energy to the world.
Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman, President and CEO
Lorenzo Simonelli is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. Since October 2013, he served as the Senior Vice President, GE and President and Chief Executive Officer, GE Oil & Gas. 
Maria Claudia Borras, President & CEO, Oilfield Services
Maria Claudia Borras is President and Chief Executive Officer, Oilfield Services of Baker Hughes, a GE company. She is a 25-year oil and gas sector veteran, 20 of which were spent with Baker Hughes. 
Rod Christie, President & CEO, Turbomachinery & Process Solutions
Rod Christie is President and Chief Executive Officer of Turbomachinery & Process Solutions at Baker Hughes, a GE company. Since January 2016, he led the Turbomachinery & Process Solutions business unit at GE Oil & Gas. 
Harry Elsinga, Chief Human Resources Officer
Harry Elsinga is Chief Human Resources Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. He previously spent 20 years with GE in a variety of positions such as Manager of Executive Development for Corporate, and various HR business partner roles at GE Plastics.
Jen Hartsock is Chief Information Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. With professional experience including positions at GE, Cameron International and Caterpillar, she brings over 20 years of IT leadership to the Company.
Matthias Heilmann, President & CEO, Digital Solutions
Matthias Heilmann is President and Chief Executive Officer of Digital Solutions at Baker Hughes, a GE company. A 20-year industry veteran, Heilmann previously served as Chief Digital Officer, President and CEO of Digital Solutions at GE Oil & Gas since 2015.
Jack Hinton, Chief Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Officer
Jack Hinton is Chief Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. With 40 years of experience, he is known across the industry for his insights into strategic directions that yield efficiency, effectiveness and step-change. 
Nicola Jannis, Chief Business Development Officer
Nicola Jannis serves as Chief Business Development Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. Most recently, he served as General Manager – Global Business Development, Mergers & Acquisitions of GE Oil & Gas.
Jody Markopoulos, Supply Chain Officer
Jody Markopoulos is Supply Chain Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. She previously served as Chief Operating Officer of GE Oil & Gas.
Will Marsh, Chief Legal Officer
Will Marsh is Chief Legal Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. Prior to his current role, Marsh served as Vice President and General Counsel of Baker Hughes Incorporated starting in February 2013.
Derek Mathieson, Chief Marketing and Technology Officer
Derek Mathieson is Chief Marketing and Technology Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company.  Most recently, he served as Chief Commercial Officer for Baker Hughes Incorporated since May 2016.
Neil Saunders, President & CEO, Oilfield Equipment
Neil Saunders is President & CEO, Oilfield Equipment of Baker Hughes, a GE company. Saunders has more than 25 years of experience in the upstream oil and gas industry.
Uwem Ukpong, Chief Global Operations and Integration Officer
Uwem Ukpong is Chief Global Operations and Integration Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. Ukpong is an industry veteran with oil industry experience spanning four continents and previously held technical roles as a petrophysicist and reservoir engineer.
Brian Worrell, Chief Financial Officer
Brian Worrell is Chief Financial Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. With nearly two decades of experience as a financial executive at GE, he most recently served as CFO of GE Oil & Gas since January 2014.  
Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman, President & CEO
Lorenzo Simonelli is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Baker Hughes, a GE company. He previously served as the Senior Vice President, GE and President and Chief Executive Officer, GE Oil & Gas from October 2013 to July 2017.
Martin S. Craighead
Martin Craighead is the Vice Chairman of the Board. He served as Chairman of the Board of Baker Hughes Incorporated from April 2013 to July 2017 and as Director of the Board from 2011 to April 2013.
W. Geoffrey Beattie
W. Geoffrey Beattie is the Lead Director of the Board. He has been the Chief Executive Officer of Generation Capital, a private investment company based in Toronto, Canada, since September 2013. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the Woodbridge Company Limited, a privately held investment company and the majority shareholder of Thomson Reuters from March 1998 to December 2012, where he also served as Deputy Chairman from May 2000 to May 2013.
Gregory Brenneman has been the Executive Chairman of CCMP Capital Advisors, LLC, a private equity firm, since 2016, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of TurnWorks, Inc., a private equity firm, since 1994. Mr. Brenneman previously held several executive and leadership positions at CCMP Capital Advisors, including Chief Executive Officer from 2015 to 2016 and Chairman from 2008 to 2016. 
Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr.
Clarence Cazalot was the Executive Chairman of the Board of Marathon Oil Corporation, formerly known as USX Corporation, from August 2013 to December 2013. Mr. Cazalot served as the Chairman of Marathon Oil Corporation from 2011 to 2013 and as President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Marathon Oil Corporation from 2002 to August 2013.
Lynn L. Elsenhans
Lynn Elsenhans was the Executive Chairman of Sunoco, Inc. from January 2009 until May 2012, and Chief Executive Officer and President from August 2008 until March 2012. She also served as Chairman of Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. from October 2008 until May 2012, and Chief Executive Officer from July 2010 until March 2012.   
Jamie S. Miller
Jamie Miller is the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE. Ms. Miller previously served as the Senior Vice President, GE and President and Chief Executive Officer, GE Transportation from October 2015 to October 2017 and Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer for GE from April 2013 to September 2015.
James J. Mulva
James Mulva is the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ConocoPhillips, an international integrated oil and gas company, a position he held from October 2004 until his retirement in June 2012. From August 2002 to October 2004, he was the company’s Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer.
John G. Rice
Mr. Rice was the Vice Chairman, GE and President and Chief Executive Officer, GE Global Growth Organization from November 2010 until December 2017.
Building on deep rooted R&D expertise, BHGE’s newly established and dedicated Ventures & Growth team, in conjunction with the EIC, functions as an accelerator and collaborator to technology, academic and investment partners.
The technological ecosystem, inherent to the Centre, encourages the pursuit of ideas, regardless of where they originate, so long as they add value to customers and support our corporate purpose: to invent smarter ways to bring energy to the world.