Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more
OK
Who we are
About BASF Corporation
BASF Corporation, headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey, is the North American affiliate of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen, Germany. BASF has more than 18,200 employees in North America, and had sales of $17.9 billion in 2017.
At BASF, we create chemistry for a sustainable future. We combine economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility. The more than 115,000 employees in the BASF Group work on contributing to the success of our customers in nearly all sectors and almost every country in the world. Our portfolio is organized into five segments: Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions and Oil & Gas. BASF generated sales of €64.5 billion in 2017. BASF shares are traded on the stock exchanges in Frankfurt (BAS), London (BFA) and Zurich (BAS).
Meeting the needs of society
Chemistry is an enabler for new ideas and solutions.
Our Foundation
Our Corporate Strategy is the framework for driving our company’s success.
Creating Chemistry Magazine
In our online magazine you can read about the topics that are affecting our world today and will impact the future.
A strong and transparent corporate governance is essential to us. Find out about our North American leadership.
Our commitment to a sustainable future includes creating chemistry in the communities in which we live and work.
BASF operates more than 100 production and research and development sites throughout North America.
Our matrix organization combines the strengths of global, regional and operational units.
We create chemistry for a sustainable future
We want to contribute to a world that provides a viable future with enhanced quality of life for everyone. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more
OK
Innovation in North America
 Research Facts and Figures 2017                   
~10,000       ~ € 1,888 million  
       development worldwide 
        patents filed
Our Research
At BASF, around 10,000 employees worldwide work in research and development on innovations for the chemical industry.
Chemistry as a cross-sectional technology plays a key role in addressing future challenges, because innovations in the field of chemistry provide answers to exactly those questions that will concern humanity in the future: raw materials, environment and climate, food and nutrition, and quality of life.
Our Innovations at BASF
BASF is one of the world's most innovative companies. Innovations are our wellspring and our driving force. With our products and processes, we provide sustainable solutions for global challenges.
Our Way to Innovations
For BASF, innovation is the key to successfully standing out from the crowd in a challenging market environment. Our innovative strength is based on our global team of highly qualified employees with various specializations.