arrows
arrow-right
arrow-left
menu
search
rss
youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
arrow-play
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By continuing to browse our
site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to accept all cookies on the site.

Continue 
Privacy Policy
SEARCH
Government Offerings
National Security
Aerospace Systems
Avionics Modernization
Counter-UAS Technologies
Missile Defense Systems & Support
Anti-icing Technology
CBRNE Defense
Chemical Demilitarization
Forensic Genomics
High Hazards RDT&E
Threat Assessment
Threat Detection & Identification
Mission Support Services
Medical Surveillance, Diagnostics & Intervention
Cyber
Cybersecurity Services
Intelligence Analytics
Mission-Focused Tools
Supply Chain Assurance
Tactical Systems & Vehicles
Armored & Unarmored Commercial Vehicles
Autonomy & Advanced Robotics
Tactical Equipment
Maritime Systems & Technologies
Energy & Persistence
Lifecycle Engineering
Sensors
Submersibles
Autonomy & Operator Assistance
SeeByte
Homeland Security & Public Safety
Security & Law Enforcement
Forensic Genomics
Transportation
Aviation Security
Transportation Solutions
Energy & Environment
Energy
Coatings & Materials
Data Analytics
Environmental & Analytical Services
Performance Technologies & Sensors
Pipeline Integrity
Subsurface Resource Management
Environment
Air Quality
Analytical Chemistry
Contaminated Sites
Ecology
Environmental Health
Environmental Informatics
Marine & Coastal Services
Sediment Management 
Health
Medical Devices
Device Security
Drug Delivery
Human Centric Design
In Vitro Diagnostics
Neurotechnology
Preclinical Research
Assay Development & Validation
High Hazard & Biocontainment Toxicology
IND-Enabling Toxicology & Pharmacology
Public Health
Health Analytics
Military Health
On-Site Lab Management
Battelle Public Health Center for Substance Use Research
Commercial Offerings
Agribusiness
Bioformulation
Biotechnology
Conventional Formulation
Environmental Fate
Physical Chemistry Studies
Plant & Animal Metabolism
Quality Assurance
Residue Studies
Risk Assessment & Regulatory Support
Spray Drift & Droplet Size Characterization
Oil & Gas
Coatings & Materials
Data Analytics
Environmental & Analytical Services
Performance Technologies & Sensors
Pipeline Integrity
Subsurface Resource Management
SeeByte
Health
Hospital Services
Health Analytics
Medical Devices
Human Centric Design
Device Security
Drug Delivery
In Vitro Diagnostics
Neurotechnology
Preclinical Research
Assay Development & Validation
IND-Enabling Toxicology & Pharmacology
Industry Solutions
Advanced Materials
Bioidentification System: Battelle REBS™ 
Food & Beverage Threat Assessment
Industrial Robotic Software: Battelle PathPlan™ 
Manufacturing
Mass Spectrometry & Advanced Analytical Methods
Packaging & Processing
 Product Formulation Analysis
Regulatory Support for Tobacco Products
Weld Analysis Software: Battelle Verity®
Lab Management
About Us
Careers
Contract Vehicles
Doing Business with Us
Newsroom
STEM
Contact Us
Our Solvers
Careers
Leadership
Our History
Newsroom
About Us
Battelle is solving the world’s most pressing challenges. 

We deliver when others can’t.
We conduct research and development, manage laboratories, design and manufacture products, and deliver critical services for our clients – whether you are a multi-national corporation, a small start-up organization or a government agency.


We are valued for our independence and ability to innovate.
Our Vision, Mission & Values
Battelle's vision
is to be a major force in science and technology discovery and in the translation of knowledge into innovative applications that have significant societal and economic impacts.

Steel industrialist Gordon Battelle provided for the Battelle Memorial Institute in his 1923 last will and testament after a career devoted to the idea that science and research can solve problems in business and society as a whole. His vision became our mission when we opened our doors six years later.

Translate scientific discovery and technology advances into societal benefits 
". . . for the purpose of education in connection with and the encouragement of creative and research work in the making of discoveries and inventions . . . to do the greatest good for humanity . . ."  
- Gordon Battelle's last will and testament
Our Solvers

At Battelle, we consider ourselves very fortunate to have some of the brightest and most creative minds walking our hallways and working in our labs. Our employees – called “Solvers” for the solutions they provide to difficult challenges – are the glue that holds our company together and why we’re still here after more than 85 years. 
Visit the Careers page to see how you can become a Battelle solver.
In the Community

Giving back to the communities where we live and work is in our company’s DNA. Whether it’s through charitable giving – both from employees and our corporate dollars – or the numerous hours volunteered, Battelle is making a difference. 
Charitable Giving
Employee Giving
Leadership

Battelle is governed by a Board of Directors and led by a management team. Together they serve as stewards of the vision of our founder, Gordon Battelle. Our leaders represent a rich blend of expertise gained through years of experience.
Board of Directors 
Senior Management
Lou Von Thaer,  Battelle President & CEO
Video: 
A historical overview of Battelle, its mission, innovations and contributions to the world.
Battelle Innovation: Yesterday & Today

Much has changed in the world in the last 80+ years. But what has remained the same since Battelle opened its doors in 1929 is our commitment to solving the world’s most pressing issues with groundbreaking science and technology, and our focus on giving back to the communities where we live and work.
CONTACT US
Email Us
Events
ABOUT BATTELLE
Careers
Leadership
Our Vision, Mission & Values
NEWSROOM
Inside Battelle Blog
In the News
Press Releases
FOLLOW US
Battelle and its logos are registered trademarks of Battelle Memorial Institute.
Privacy Policy
Disclosures
Terms of Use
Sitemap
RSS Feed