The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
About Us
When Julie and I started Bird B Gone in 1992, we envisioned a company culture that would provide quality, innovative products delivered on-time, treat each customer as friend, treat each employee as family and make a difference in the lives of those less fortunate. Today, the culture of Bird B Gone still flourishes.
We thank you for your friendship.
We thank you for helping us realize our dream.
We thank you for your business and will continue to work hard to earn it.
We believe in building relationships that last long after the job is over. At Bird B Gone,
it’s more than just bird control products, it’s “Faith, Family, Friends”.
In Gratitude,
Partner with the Best
Bird B Gone has grown to become a world leader in affordable, effective and humane bird control products.  With hundreds to choose from, we offer proven solutions to solve your bird problem.
Our culture remains committed to delivering “customer first” service, responding promptly to requests and adopting a willingness to always improve.
Since the inception of our free hands-on training course in 2006, we have trained thousands of individuals looking to expand their primary bird control business or looking to add an additional service to their existing business.
Today, we continue the tradition of superior training by offering webinars, on-site, regional, international, and CEU approved training courses.  In 2019, Bird B Gone will launch Virtual Reality training courses to help you train more effectively by placing your team in engaging, real-world, 360-degree environments. The result… better customer quotes and a better bottom line!
Manufacturing
As a worldwide leader in bird control products, our distribution and logistics team are committed to your success.  With in-house manufacturing capabilities, strong vendor relationships and a large product selection, Bird B Gone can offer you complete bird control programs and efficient service. We offer fast, simple fulfillment you can depend on.  Private label opportunities available.
Experts in the Field
Our team has extensive hands-on experience; our goal remains not to just “sell” products but provide you with education to help you specify and install the right products for the job.  Our team of experts consult with large and small companies worldwide offering expert advice on the best bird control solutions available to solve various pest bird problems.
Innovative Products
Bird B Gone is dedicated to staying on top of the latest advancements in the bird control industry.  We dovetail new technologies with tried-and-true methods to develop the most effective bird deterrents to solve your bird problems.   With over 58 issued patents worldwide, innovation and superior quality are top reasons why Bird B Gone products continue to be widely specified by architects, engineers and government agencies.
Bird B Gone Gives Back
Bird B Gone remains committed to giving back and helping those in need. In 2010, Bird B Gone teamed with Children of the Nations, a non-profit organization that provides holistic care to orphan and destitute children across the globe. Supporting Bird B Gone also means making a positive impact on the lives of orphaned children worldwide.
How to Contact Us
Contact us for the complete line of products from Bird B Gone.
Bird B Gone is the world's largest manufacturer and distributor of bird control products.
Since 1992, our proven, effective and humane solutions have helped solve pest bird problems in various buildings and environments across the globe.
Newsletter
Subscribe to receive our monthly newsletter & info about classes in your area!
You may unsubscribe at any time.
Sign up for our newsletter
Subscribe to receive our monthly newsletter, info about classes in your area, product offers and more!
Irvine, CA  92618
Toll Free: 866-971-9102