This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
Looking for a specific product?
Learn about all of our products and product lines when you check out our products finder.
Looking for a specific product?
Learn about all of our products and product lines when you check out our products finder.
Awards
We know at Brewer Science that trophies and prizes are not the most important things in life. But we also know that it is important to recognize the achievements and greatness of individuals and companies that stand for excellence and continually strive to make themselves and their communities better.
2017
The FLEXI Award was presented by FlexTech, a SEMI Strategic Association Partner for significant ongoing contribution to the flexible hybrid electronics industry through education that...
GreenCircle Certification for Zero Waste to Landfill
Brewer Science has successfully completed an in-depth audit, which took a detailed look at the disposal of waste materials at the Rolla and Vichy locations....
2016
American Heart Association - Fit-Friendly
This is a huge accomplishment which reflects your hard work and commitment to improving your employees’ health and making the healthy choice the right choice.
Minority Engineer Magazine List of Top 50 Employers in U.S. for 2016
The publication’s readers selected Brewer Science as one of the top 50 companies in the United States, for which they would most like to work...
GreenCircle Certification for Zero Waste to Landfill
Brewer Science has successfully completed an in-depth audit, which took a detailed look at the disposal of waste materials at the Rolla and Vichy locations....
2015
Minority Engineer magazine’s list of Top 50 Employers in the United States
Featured for the second year in a row, rising from number 39 in 2014 to number 36 on the list for 2015.
Kathryn C. Hach Award for Entrepreneurial Success
The award recognizes Dr. Brewer’s innovative global leadership in creating, developing, and manufacturing revolutionary microelectronic products found in today’s technology devices. The award also recognizes...
Brewer Science selected as a 2015 Top Workplace in the St. Louis region by the St. Louis Post Dispatch
Brewer Science ranked number 30 on a list of 35 medium sized businesses.
American Heart Association - Gold Fit Friendly Award
2014
The award honors Terry Brewer for revolutionizing optical lithography with anti-reflective coatings
Missouri Association of Manufacturers 2014 Safety Excellence Award
Category V – 400,000 to 699,999 hours worked at the Annual Safety and Workers Compensation Conference
Les Reynolds Million Hour Award
Presented to Brewer Science for accomplishing 2,748,313 million work hours without a lost-time incident
Brewer Science is ranked number 39 in the 23rd Annual “Top 50 Employers” in Minority Engineer
Missouri Arts Council selects Dr. Terry Brewer to Receive 2014 Missouri Art Award for Philanthropy
2013
Terry Brewer named one of the “50 Missourians You Should Know” by Ingram’s magazine
St. Louis Post-Dispatch Top Workplace in Missouri designation for the second consecutive year
St. Louis Post-Dispatch Top Workplace
St. Louis Post-Dispatch Top Workplace in Missouri designation for the second consecutive year
50 Missourians You Should Know
Terry Brewer named one of the “50 Missourians You Should Know” by Ingram’s magazine
2012
St. Louis Post-Dispatch Top Workplace in Missouri designation based upon the results of employee surveys covering a variety of workplace categories
Flag of Freedom Award from the Show-Me Heroes program for commitment to employ Missouri veterans
2011
Export Achievement Certificate from the U.S. Department of Commerce, presented by U.S. Representative Jo Ann Emerson
Founders Award from the Missouri Association of Manufacturers to Dr. Brewer
SEMI Award from Semiconductor Industry Association
Safety Excellence Award
Category V from Missouri Association of Manufacturers for 400,000 or more hours worked without incident
Safety Award from Travelers Insurance for working 1.5 million hours without a lost workday injury
2010
Safety Award from Travelers Insurance for working 1.5 million hours without a lost workday injury
Million Work Hours Safety Award
Million Work Hours Award from the National Safety Council for operating 1,018,000 employee hours without occupational illness or injury-related absences from November 2, 2007 to...
Safety Excellence Award from Southwest Area Manufacturers Association
2008
2006
2005
Fred Schmitt Award for Outstanding Corporate Leadership from the National Recycling Coalition
Investors in People certification
2004
ISO® 9001: 2000 registration
Growing Global Award from the St. Louis World Trade Center
Hall of Fame Award from U.S. Business Administration
Best Cost-of-Ownership Product for the Talon™ robotic processing tool in the Wafer Processing Category of Solid State Technology’s at SEMICON West
2002
National Roland Tibbetts Award for Excellence in Research for third time. Brewer Science was the first company to win three of these awards.
Outstanding Business Achievement Award from the Missouri Waste Coalition
2001
2000
National Roland Tibbetts Award for Excellence in Research for second time.
1998
National Roland Tibbets Award for Excellence in Research for best in Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Program achievement
1995
Received Governor’s Technology Award from Missouri Department of Economic Development
ARC® materials selected as Editor’s Choice, Best Product by Semiconductor International
Governor’s Technology Award from Missouri Department of Economic Development
1994
1992
Small Business of the Year Award from Missouri Small Business Development Center
Excellence in Business Award from Missouri Small Business Development Center
Exports for Success Award from the State of Missouri
1993
Latest News
Dr. Terry Brewer's anti-reflective coatings revolutionized microelectronics manufacturing and ushered in today's high-speed lightweight electronic devices... Brewer Science is once again prepared to lead the industry into the next generation!This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
Looking for a specific product?
Learn about all of our products and product lines when you check out our products finder.
Looking for a specific product?
Learn about all of our products and product lines when you check out our products finder.
Our History
Dr. Terry Brewer’s discovery of anti-reflective coatings resulted in a revolution in the global microelectronics industry and ushered in today’s high-speed, lightweight electronic devices. Under Dr. Brewer’s leadership, Brewer Science has grown to be a global leader in developing and manufacturing advanced materials and equipment for the reliable fabrication of cutting-edge microdevices used in electronics such as tablet computers, smartphones, digital cameras, televisions, and LED lighting.
Our Culture
The employees of Brewer Science are committed to an environment that fosters innovation, diversity, and professional development. Every member of our team is focused on helping our customers reach their technology goals through our results-oriented approach to problem solving. Our customers’ long-term success is important to us, and we pride ourselves in exceeding their expectations with our personalized care and commitment.
Our Values
At Brewer Science, we value our employees above all else. Our core values—Trust, Freedom, Commitment, Collaboration, Responsibility, and Excellence—help create a unique environment that fosters creativity and innovation. Within our organization, we believe that freedom, combined with clear objectives and commitment to growth, will bring about the biggest innovations. Internally and externally, we believe in open communication in order to build a foundation of trust.
Our Brand
“The hawk represents something more static and non-tangible than the hawk itself.” —Dr. Terry Brewer, President/CEO
Our brand personality is directly linked to our core values. The intangible elements that the hawk symbolizes—freedom, beauty, and harmony—make the hawk a visual representation of Brewer Science. When our customers think of Brewer Science, they think of our trustworthiness and commitment to our business. They know that we are working for them tirelessly and leading the way into the next generation. We are valued for our diversity and our belief that we are more than the sum of our parts. As a team, we are all committed to being leaders in our industry and for returning more to the world than we take.
A company of the people, by the technology, for the customer
Cee® Equipment Introduced
DARC® material patent issued
Brewer Science Establishes Four Divisional Centers
Semiconductor International Awards “Editor’s Choice, Best Product – ARC®”
47,000-Square-Foot U.S. Plant Expansion
In-House Recycling Program Launches
Best Cost-of-Ownership Product
Talon™ robotic processing tool was voted Best Cost-of-Ownership Product in the Wafer Processing Category of Solid State Technology’s
New Office Located in Shanghai, China
Brewer Science, Inc. achieves ISO9001:2000 Registration
Brewer Science Germany, Limited Established
Groundbreaking for Jordan Valley Innovation Center in Springfield, MO
Newly Renovated Jordan Valley Innovation Center, Springfield, MO, opens
Brewer Science Japan, G.K. opens
Brewer Science Limited moves to Darley Abbey Mills - Celebrating 20-Year Anniversary
Brewer Science will create an avenue of trees along the eastern approach to the Mills in Darley Abbey by planting 20 trees to mark its 20th anniversary.
Jordan Valley Innovation Center Celebrates 5-year anniversary
Ribbon Cutting at New High-Volume Manufacturing Facility
Ribbon-Cutting at JVIC
Brewer Science’s JVIC expansion adds 4,600 sq. ft. of space for Brewer Science’s research and advanced manufacturing operations for a total of 12,450 sq. ft. across two floors at the facility.
Brewer Science sponsors ‘The Perch’ at The eFactory
The eFactory, a Missouri State University program, is a technology-focused entrepreneurship center. Clients of The eFactory are provided with access to office space with flexible leases, business services and equipment, technology support, mentoring, and consulting.
Brewer Science Earns GreenCircle Certification for Zero Waste to Landfill
Brewer Science remains committed to a robust environmental management system with the objective of preventing pollution of the environment and providing a healthy, safe, and secure workplace. You can view the certification in GreenCircle’s Certified Product Database .
Leadership Team
Dan Brewer
Executive Director, Intangible Assets
After completing his graduate work in entomology, biology, and biochemistry, Dan joined Brewer Science in 1996. He currently serves as our Executive Director of Intangible Assets, which includes overseeing intellectual property, new market development, corporate branding, strategic relationships, and competitive intelligence. The most exceptional part of Brewer Science, according to Dan, is “a culture of creativity that supports our mission to lead the industry through being a company of the people, by the technology, for the customer.”
Dr. Tony D. Flaim
Chief Technical Officer
Tony received a BA in Pre-Medicine from University of Missouri-Columbia in 1974 before beginning his graduate studies at the University of Missouri-Rolla, where he received a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry in 1983. Since joining Brewer Science as a Senior Chemist in 1985, he  played a prominent role in the development of the company’s innovative product portfolio. He has served on the senior management team of Brewer Science since 2004 and was named our Chief Technical Officer in early 2008. Tony holds more than 25 patents on microelectronic and optoelectronic materials and has authored more than 20 related publications. Tony appreciates the “true technology-driven business culture” at Brewer Science. Brewer Science is unique, he says, because “we believe that in every employee there resides an ability to think and act creatively if given the opportunity.”
Barbara Picarelli
Executive Director, Financial Officer
Barb came to Brewer Science in 2002 with experience in the finance, manufacturing, and insurance industries. She is a Certified Public Accountant from the Missouri State Board of Accountancy and holds a BA in Accounting from Maryville University, as well as a Chancellors Certificate of International Trade from University of Missouri St. Louis and The World Trade Center. Barb started at Brewer Science as our Global Controller of the Finance Division and, in 2009, accepted the position of our Chief Financial Officer. She says that the people and culture at Brewer Science make it “exceptional and unique to any business environment I have experienced in the past.”
Rick Miller
Executive Director, Global Sales
Rick Miller has been with Brewer Science since 1998 and currently serves as the Executive Director of Global Sales. With over 40 years of industry experience, he has served in a variety of different roles within business management, sales, and marketing. Valuing the family and community-oriented atmosphere at Brewer Science, Rick appreciates “the talent of Brewer Science employees to work together to identify and create innovative solutions for customers.”
Kim Arnold
Executive Director, Advanced Packaging Business Unit
After earning her BS in Economics from University of Missouri-Rolla, Kim worked for software development companies before joining Brewer Science in 1999. Her experience included roles ranging from business analyst to customer relations director. Kim has worked in several positions here over the years and was named our Executive Director of Wafer Level Packaging Materials in September 2015.  Kim believes the Brewer Science company culture is truly exceptional, pointing out that our employees “believe and live our company mission: to be a company of the people, by the technology and for the customer.”
Dr. Dan Sullivan
Executive Director, R&D Semiconductor Tech
Dan began his career at Brewer Science in 2004 after earning his Ph.D. in Chemistry from Michigan State University. He currently serves as the Executive Director of Semiconductor Technology R&D, leading a team of talented researchers focused on inventing new technologies that solve semiconductor industry–related challenges. His expertise in chemistry, advanced lithography, and process integration has enabled Brewer Science to add to an increasing portfolio of products and processes that advance the semiconductor industry.
Tom Brown
Executive Director, Corporate Productivity & Sustainability
Tom received his BS in Engineering Management in 1993 from the University of Missouri-Rolla. Upon graduation, Tom began his career at Brewer Science as a part-time employee in sales and now serves as the Executive Director of Operations. Tom is part of directing the strategies of two business units while maintaining direct responsibility for Manufacturing, Engineering, Quality, EH&S and Supply Chain. Of all the exceptional aspects of Brewer Science, Tom is most impressed by working in “an environment that continually challenges you to be your best and puts you into positions that forces you to stretch beyond what you thought was possible.” He says he feels “blessed to work with so many people who share a desire to make a difference—in each other's lives, in the company, in the community, and in the industry.”
Alan Gerson
Chief Legal Officer
Alan received a BA in History from Washington University in St. Louis, an MA in Teaching from Harvard University, and a JD from Washington University. He is a member of the Missouri Bar, as well as a member of the bar of several federal and state courts in Missouri. Before joining Brewer Science as our Corporate Attorney in 2009, Alan engaged in the private practice of law for 35 years in St. Louis. For the last 25 of those years, Alan represented Brewer Science as our outside legal counsel. He currently serves at Brewer Science as our Chief Legal Officer and Executive Director of Human Resources & Facilities. Alan believes that Brewer Science is a unique place to work and grow, both professionally and personally, because of “the vision and engagement of its founder and president Terry Brewer, which drives the company’s focus on its technology and its people.”
Dr. Srikanth (Sri) Kommu
Executive Director,
Semiconductor Business
Dr. Srikanth (Sri) Kommu is a visionary leader who is very passionate about solving tough problems, adding significant value to our customers and making a positive change to the world. Dr. Kommu has over 20 years of stellar leadership experience in the semiconductor industry, and he currently serves as our Executive Director of the semiconductor business. He started as a research scientist in 1996, and was most recently the Chief Technology Officer (CTO) and Senior Vice President (SVP) at MEMC/SunEdison Semiconductor, before joining Brewer Science in 2017. As a CTO and SVP, Sri strategically defined and flawlessly executed highly differentiating product, capability, and cost roadmaps, exceeding customer expectations. He is serving as an Advisory Board member at Washington University since 2012, and worked at Intel and SUMCO earlier in his career. Sri completed his executive General Management Program (2009) from Harvard Business School, received his Doctorate (2001) and Masters (1996) degrees in Chemical Engineering from Washington University, and received his Bachelors (1994) degree in Chemical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology. Sri says that the “highly talented people and the innovation-culture at Brewer Science provide the company its competitive advantage, and Brewer Science is better positioned than ever before to supply high-value products to our customers, enabling the growth of the technology industry.”
Rama Puligadda
Executive Director, Advanced Technologies R&D
Rama Puligadda earned a Master of Science in Chemistry from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi, India (1990), a Master of Technology in Polymer Science and Technology from IIT Delhi, India (1992), and a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Cincinnati (1995).  Rama began her career at Brewer Science in 1995 as a Research Chemist. She has led and managed several programs at Brewer Science including product development projects and collaborative work with partnering companies, universities, and research institutions.  She now serves as the Executive Director of Advanced Technologies R&D, providing leadership for the design, development and engineering of innovative solutions for the semiconductor packaging industry.  “The fast pace of industry requires us to work in a non-sequential manner, with customers, partners, consortia, and co-vendors at the same time to be able to deliver multiple solutions.  It is only going to get faster and more challenging,” says Rama. “I’m thankful to be part of this industry and the community and for the opportunity to give back.  Working with so many fantastic people within and outside Brewer Science is extremely rewarding.”
Dr. Terry Brewer
President/CEO
Dr. Terry Brewer is the founder, president, and CEO of Brewer Science. Dr. Brewer received his Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry in 1969 from North Texas State University and completed his postdoctoral fellowship in 1972 at the University of Texas. He sees Brewer Science as one of the most original, innovative companies in the world with one of the most people-centric worldwide business models. He says, “Our currency is innovation; our outcomes are amazing products, not amazing ideas.” Dr. Brewer values the culture of his company, where the focus is on the people and the atmosphere of innovation.
Learn More About Us
Dr. Terry Brewer's anti-reflective coatings revolutionized microelectronics manufacturing and ushered in today's high-speed lightweight electronic devices... Brewer Science is once again prepared to lead the industry into the next generation!