Values
Everyone matters. We value our interaction with every person. We treat you the way we would like to be treated.
Simplicity isn’t simple. We push beyond the complexity to bring simple solutions to real problems…but that means continually asking questions. Why do it this way? Can we streamline this? Can we make installation and repairs easier? Can we save people money by doing this?
Every detail matters. The pursuit of excellence means to perform each and every task superbly…through completion and evaluation.
Life is giving. We see every customer, community and country as our opportunity to give and to serve. We want to place the power in your hands to transform your world.What if you could save money by harnessing the sun’s power? You could produce electricity and heat tailored to your needs:  powering your building, providing space and process heat, melting ice and purifying water.
An economically sensible system gives you freedom from traditional energy sources and puts the power in your hands to monitor & control your energy usage; this provides you with a reliable energy supply for your business or home.
Welcome to BrightLeaf Power.
BrightLeaf Power was formed out of a com­bi­na­tion of envi­ron­men­tal and eco­nomic con­cerns. We assem­bled a team of world class sci­en­tists to address the prob­lem. We ulti­mately con­cluded that con­cen­trated pho­to­voltaic (CPV) could make solar costs competitive with utilities. We are proud to say we have achieved this goal and have brought the product to market.
BrightLeaf Power is a company that seriously cares about its customers, cares about the environment, and cares about integrity. We are privileged to bring you a renewable energy system you can trust and that is cheaper than your utility company.
Copyright © 2015 BrightLeaf PowerBrightLeaf Power: Cogeneration
CPV – Concentrated Photovoltaic AC electrical harvest approaches 30% (2.5X of traditional PV)
Collectors focus the energy of 1,000 suns (the same energy intensity as  the Space Shuttle rocket exhaust)
Heat harvest of 45%, with seasonal storage, makes solar economically viable in northern latitudes
Energy density conserves space; packing the power output of conventional PV in less than 1/4 of the space
Unique configuration reduces installation and maintenance costs while enabling bi-directional scalability
Proprietary tracking yields high accuracy, built-in error correction, and long-term reliability
State-of-the-art advancements  (12 patents pending)
Global tracking and nano-second, granular data collection and data communication
Consistent long-term peak performance
Remote monitoring and control
Rapid, focused trouble shooting
24×7, 365 day technical support
Real-time monitoring by BrightLeaf Power, by customer or by both
System architecture designed for nontechnical installation, maintenance and repairs
Full service contracts available
Copyright © 2015 BrightLeaf Power