Global Patient Week 2018
B
ristol-Myers Squibb is a differentiated company, led by our unique BioPharma strategy that leverages the reach and resources of a major pharma company paired with the entrepreneurial spirit and agility of a biotech firm. We work every day to deliver innovative medicines for patients with serious and life-threatening diseases.
Each day, our employees around the world work together for patients – it drives everything we do. We are focused on helping millions of patients around the world in disease areas such as oncology, cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrosis. Through our R&D organization, we have built a sustainable pipeline of potential therapies, and actively partner to access external innovation to broaden and accelerate our work.
As global citizens, we work sustainably, responsibly and seek to give back. Through the Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation, we promote health equity and strive to improve health outcomes of populations disproportionately affected by serious diseases and conditions, giving new hope to some of the world’s most vulnerable people.
Our Company
The Bristol-Myers Squibb values and principles commit us to the highest standard of moral and ethical behavior and affirms our conviction that "the priceless ingredient of every product is the honor and integrity of its maker."
AtlanticLIVE, underwritten by Bristol-Myers Squibb, is driving the conversations that address national cancer treatment challenges where they happen — in local communities.
Ethics and Compliance
Our policies and procedures are designed so that the company and our partners conduct business in a legal, ethical and responsible manner. It's essential to our integrity and success.
Our workforce is globally diverse to create an inclusive, high-performance culture that is agile, entrepreneurial and accountable.
Sustainability
Preservation of natural resources is one of our key commitments. We lead the way with sustainable, ethical, and compliant global business practices that take care of patients, communities and the planet.
Responsibility
It's about doing the right thing for the patients we serve around the world. We take action on many fronts to reduce health disparities and improve outcomes in communities that are disproportionately affected by serious diseases.
Achievements
We have been recognized as a top employer that fosters a diverse, innovative, and progressive workplace.
We promote health equity and seek to improve the health outcomes of populations disproportionately affected by serious diseases.Achievements
It's our commitment to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. The strides we've made and the culture we've created are both highly regarded and recognized.
O
ver the years, Bristol-Myers Squibb and its employees have received numerous distinguished awards and recognitions, including the National Medal of Technology, the Lasker Award for Medical Research and the Prix Galien Award.
Year after year, we've been hailed as being one of the best companies for working mothers, a great place to work for scientists and an acknowledged industry leader in environment, health and safety.
Below is a selection of awards and recognitions we have received.
Military Friendly Company
Employer
Bristol-Myers Squibb is recognized as a Military Friendly Company by Viqtory Media, showcasing the most powerful and effective military programs in the workplace. The final results are determined by combining an organization’s survey scores with an assessment of the organization’s ability to meet minimum thresholds in six areas critical to success:  Hiring & Onboarding, Opportunity & Advancements, Culture & Commitment, Support & Retention, Policies & Compliance and Recruiting & Sourcing.  
Supplier Diversity Program
Bristol-Myers Squibb is also recognized for its commitment to working with Veteran Owned Businesses by Viqtory Media. Military Friendly Supplier Diversity ratings are assessed through the evaluation of both public data about the organization and proprietary data gathered through its Military Friendly Supplier Diversity Program survey, which is now a part of the Military Friendly Companies survey. The annual, data-driven survey assessment is available at no cost to companies and federal contractors nationwide.
2018 Working Mother 100 Best Companies
We are one of the 2018 Working Mother 100 Best Companies — marking the 21th consecutive year that our company has made the list. The company was recognized for encouraging female advancement as well as the comprehensive array of benefits offered, including on-site childcare and flexible work options.
2018 Best Place to Work For Disability Inclusion
Bristol-Myers Squibb was named by  Disability:IN  (formerly known as the US Business Leadership Network, or USBLN) as one of the 2018 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion. The Disability:IN Disability Equality Index® (DEI) recognizes companies that prioritize the inclusion of people with disabilities. The Index measures key performance indicators across organizational culture, leadership, accessibility, employment, community engagement, support services and supplier diversity. The DEI is a joint initiative of the American Association of People with Disabilities and Disability:IN.
2018 Best-of-the-Best Corporations for Inclusion by National Business Inclusion Consortium
For the third consecutive year, we were honored as a Best-of-the-Best list of corporations in America committed to diversity and inclusion by the National LGBT Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC), in collaboration with its partners in the National Business Inclusion Consortium (NBIC) . The Best-of-the-Best designation honors corporations for their commitment to America’s diverse employees and business owners, which includes LGBT, people of color, women, and people with disabilities. 
2018 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award
Bristol-Myers Squibb is recognized as a 2018 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Department of Energy . We are engaged in comprehensive policies and programs to improve the energy efficiency at facilities worldwide.
2018 NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women
We’ve been named one of the 2018 NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women. The company was recognized for prioritizing a diverse workplace, including the development and advancement of female employees, to ensure the company is well positioned to meet current and future business challenges. In 2017, female employees and female promotions represented more than 50% of the Bristol-Myers Squibb workforce. 
World’s Most Admired Companies
Bristol-Myers Squibb was named to Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies list as part of the magazine's annual rankings.  The company was No. 5 in the Pharmaceuticals category and ranked among the top three pharmaceutical companies for innovation and quality of management.
CareerBliss Happiest Companies in America for 2018
For the second year in a row, Bristol-Myers Squibb is one of the top 10 happiest companies in America. This award recognizes the top companies from around the nation that are succeeding in building a happier culture for employees. CareerBliss analyzes thousands of reviews to create the BlissScore, which includes factors such as company culture, leadership, overall work atmosphere, and one’s relationship with coworkers.
Forbes and JUST Capital’s 100 Most JUST Companies
We are recognized as one of the 100 Most JUST Companies in America by Forbes and JUST Capital, based on a survey of Americans on the issues they care about most.  Measures include worker pay and treatment, job creation, healthy products and communities, environmental impact and more.  Our commitment to being a good corporate citizen is at the heart of who we are, what we do and how we do it.
Dow Jones' 2018 North American Index of Leading Sustainable Companies
We are recognized as one of Dow Jones’ 2018 North America Index of Leading Sustainable Companies. Our efforts to promote economic, social and environmental sustainability are core to our company’s mission and reflect our ongoing commitment to patients, our employees and partners, the environment and communities around the world.
The Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association 2017 ACE Award 
The Bristol-Myers Squibb Network of Women (B-NOW) was honored with the 2017 Large Company ACE (Advancement, Commitment, Engagement) Award by the Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association (HBA) . Bristol-Myers Squibb's B-NOW global people and business resource group was recognized for impressive gender diversity metrics, strong governance structure, and strategic business and community partnerships, supported by senior executive leadership. 
100 Best Corporate Citizens 2017
For the ninth consecutive year, Bristol-Myers Squibb ranks in the top 20 of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens, a leading benchmark for socially responsible investors and other stakeholders published by Corporate Responsibility magazine. “We are proud to be recognized as a leader in Corporate Social Responsibility and sustainability, and will continue to strive to set the bar higher for ourselves, our partners and our suppliers.”
ENERGY STAR Challenge for Industry
Bristol-Myers Squibb's Hopewell, New Jersey site earned the 2017 Challenge for Industry recognition. The ENERGY STAR Challenge for Industry is a national call-to-action to improve energy efficiency of America's manufacturers by 10 percent or more.  By taking the ENERGY STAR Challenge, sites set a goal to reduce their energy intensity by 10 percent within five years.  To earn this recognition, the Hopewell site upgraded and optimized its chilled water plants, retrofitted two main boilers and the HVAC systems and performed full LED lighting upgrades, among other improvements.
100% score on the 2017 Corporate Equality Index (CEI)
For the 11th consecutive year, we received a perfect score of 100% on the 2017 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), a national review of workplace equality conducted annually by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation , the nation’s largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) civil rights organization.
CEO Cancer Gold Standard
The CEO Roundtable on Cancer has accredited Bristol-Myers Squibb with the CEO Cancer Gold Standard™ recognizing our efforts to reduce the risk of cancer for employees and covered family members.
Most Admired Company in Supplier Diversity
We were recognized as a Most Admired Company in Supplier Diversity by Minority Business News as one of 101 companies that support minority business development through supplier diversity efforts to help ensure continued growth for small businesses. 
Pharmaceutical Executive Magazine/PharmExec.com’s 2016 Brand of the Year
Bristol-Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab) was a unanimous selection or Pharmaceutical Executive Magazine/PharmExec.com’s 2016 Brand of the Year. Pharm Exec’s Editorial Advisory Board notes that Opdivo has “raced into the lead position in the treatment-shifting immuno-oncology space behind launches in three key cancers—melanoma, lung, and renal,” in announcing the 10th annual award in its May issue.
Top 30 Best-of-the-Best
We were honored as a Top 30 Best-of-the-Best company by the National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce in collaboration with its partners in the National Business Inclusion Consortium. This year’s inaugural list recognizes U.S. companies committed to diversity and inclusion across all community sectors.
Top 8 Pharma Companies to Work For
We are featured as one of the Top 8 Pharma Companies to Work For in a survey conducted by Biospace, a leading online community for industry news and careers. “People join Bristol-Myers Squibb because they are passionate about working for patients,” said Ann Judge, Global Head of Human Resources, Bristol-Myers Squibb. “We empower our people to pursue innovation and challenge the status quo. Our diverse global team is reflective of an inclusive culture that appreciates differences and embraces new ideas.”
2016 NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women
We’ve been named one of the 2016 NAFE Top Companies for Executive Women. The company was recognized for leadership initiatives, executive mentoring and sponsorship programs for female employees. Additional education and training through our seven People and Business Resource Groups, five on-site child care centers and a new network for people who choose adoption were also highlighted. 
America’s Best Employers for 2016
Bristol-Myers Squibb is recognized by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for 2016. Our employees are committed to our mission to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases.
World’s Most Innovative Companies for 2016 / Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Biotech
Best Biotechnology Product
Bristol-Myers Squibb’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab) received the Prix Galien USA 2015 Award for Best Biotechnology Product. This represents the second award from Prix Galien USA given to Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Immuno-Oncology portfolio. YERVOY® (ipilimumab) was awarded the prestigious Prix Galien USA prize for Best Biotechnology Product in 2012.
Best Places to Work across the U.S. and the U.K.
Glassdoor announced its seventh annual Employees' Choice Awards, honoring the Best Places to Work across the U.S. and the U.K. Winners were determined by the people who know these companies best -- their employees. Bristol-Myers Squibb was among the top 50 companies recognized as a best place to work.