Who we are
Cambridge Enterprise was formed by the University of Cambridge to help staff and students commercialise their expertise and ideas for the benefit of the global community.
What we do is central to the mission of the University, which for more than 800 years has contributed to society through the pursuit of education, learning and research at the highest levels of international excellence.
Consultancy
Our Consultancy Services  team supports University of Cambridge staff, researchers and students when they are approached for help from external organisations. The team handles the majority of communication with the external organisation in order to minimise distraction from the process of knowledge transfer.
Technology Transfer
The Technology Transfer team works with researchers on ideas from their University research that have commercial potential. The team’s goal is to create opportunities that are attractive to external organisations that have the resources to develop and commercialise them.
Seed Funds
Through direct investment and networking facilitation, our Seed Funds team is able to support academics and students as they build teams and raise the finances needed to develop their ideas.
Image: The Hauser Forum.
Cambridge CB3 0GT
+44 (0)1223 760339
+44 (0)1223 763753
Hide
Show
Close
AddThis
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to continually improve your experience when using our website. We also use external analytics software which may set additional cookies to perform their analysis. These cookies (and any others in use) are detailed in our site  privacy  and  cookie  policies. You can delete or disable these cookies in your web browser at any time but doing so may impact website functionality and user experience.
Agree and DismissCambridge Enterprise helps staff and students commercialise their ideas and share knowledge gained from research.
Cambridge Enterprise offers support to all the University’s research fields, from engineering, maths and medicine, to the arts, humanities and social sciences. It is through us that many of the ideas from University research are developed into opportunities attractive to companies, licensing and consultancy contracts are agreed, and funding is acquired by start-ups and spin-outs.
Whether you have an idea that’s still germinating, expertise to share with organisations, research findings that have raised commercial interest, or are ready to start a company and get your ideas to market, we’re here to help you achieve success.
It’s never too early to  get in touch  with us, either for help managing discussions with an external organisation, or for advice on the best routes for commercialisation.
Do you have an idea with commercial potential?
The Technology Transfer team works with researchers wanting to develop their ideas, technologies and inventions into opportunities that are attractive to industry and investors. The team can advise on, facilitate and coordinate the resources required to develop and implement commercialisation strategies. By assisting with market assessment, intellectual property management, proof of concept funding and management of licensing opportunities, the team helps you achieve impact from your ideas.
Do you want to start a company?
The Seed Funds team supports academics and students through direct investment, allowing them to build teams and raise the finances they need to develop products from their research and to build spin-out companies. The team link entrepreneurs with University seed funds and sources of angel and VC investment, as well as a network of mentors and management.
Have you been approached by an organisation that wants your advice? The Consultancy Services team supports staff, researchers and students to use their expertise and know-how gained in research to provide advice to external organisations. This includes solving commercial problems, consultancy support to spin-outs, expert witness advice and serving on scientific advisory boards. The team handles business negotiations, contracts and the collection and distribution of fees. You will also automatically be covered by the University’s insurance policies, including professional indemnity.
Image: The Hauser Forum at night. 
Cambridge CB3 0GT
+44 (0)1223 760339
+44 (0)1223 763753
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to continually improve your experience when using our website. We also use external analytics software which may set additional cookies to perform their analysis. These cookies (and any others in use) are detailed in our site  privacy  and  cookie  policies. You can delete or disable these cookies in your web browser at any time but doing so may impact website functionality and user experience.Do you want to start a University spin-out?
Whether you’re actively seeking investment money or are just considering the formation of a University spin-out, Seed Funds, the business creation and funding division of Cambridge Enterprise, can help. With over 20 years of experience in company creation, our team has the proven know-how to support students and academics through direct investment as they build teams and raise the financing they need to develop products from their research. We create partnerships and link entrepreneurs with sources of angel and VC investing, as well as a network of mentors and management.
The support we provide
Cambridge Enterprise supports those trying to start a company based directly on University research or people, investing up to £1 million in each University spin-out from investment funds we manage on the University’s behalf.
Significant follow-on funding is available through Cambridge Enterprise’s sister fund, Cambridge Innovation Capital (CIC). CIC has strong ties with the University of Cambridge and works closely with Cambridge Enterprise on its investments. CIC may also invest at the seed stage as a precursor to further investment.
We can work with you to make your business plan stronger, we can connect you with industry mentors and management, and we can fund consultants and proof of market studies. Since 1995, we have invested in 62 companies. You can review our equity portfolio .
If you are developing a business idea, use these slides to structure your thoughts into a business plan.
From our current network, Cambridge Enterprise Seed Funds can help you find the best mentors, team members, service providers, co-investors and follow-on investors. This early stage capital and support is pivotal to the success of new companies in what is often seen as a high-risk section of the investment spectrum.
As an evergreen fund, Seed Funds can take a long-term view. All of the money gained from investment realisations is returned to Seed Funds to support the development of future companies.
We also work with our more than 75 portfolio companies to help them secure additional funding, linking them with sources of angel and VC investment, such as our £120 million ‘sister’ fund, and our Cambridge Enterprise Venture Partners programme (CEVP), which brings together investors and fledgling companies.
Since seed funding began in 1995, our portfolio companies have raised more than £1.6 billion in further investment and grant funding. These companies now employ over 1,000 people and are developing solutions in many areas including healthcare, clean energy and Information and Communication Technology (ICT).
The investment we offer
We invest the University seed funds in new companies started by staff and students to enable the commercial development of University research. As such, we offer a range of investment to help develop new ventures. Among them are:
Pathfinder investment, up to £20,000 to help carry out market and intellectual property assessments and business strategies.
Software Pathfinder investment, up to £20,000 for prototype development, field testing and customer pilots.
Fast 50, a Cambridge Enterprise initiative that offers up to £50,000 for work on time-sensitive projects and critical experiments that need investment delivered quickly.
Seed investment, up to £500,000 in the initial round, to provide the first stages of company funding to advance technology development and management.
Once our investment is completed we continue to work with you to help develop and grow your business.
 The process
Contact us for an early discussion about your idea and its potential. A member of the Seed Funds team will work with you to develop your idea and guide you through the investment process.
If applicable, apply for Pathfinder investment to develop your plans – we can make these smaller awards easily.
For larger investment, you will need to present your business plan to the Seed Funds team, which will make an assessment about whether to progress your application to the Cambridge Enterprise Investment Committee .
If successful, you will present your idea to our Investment Committee.
With Investment Committee approval we will put in place the necessary legal agreements to complete the investment.
You can download our Starting a Company leaflet as a PDF  here .
Image: Dr Darrin M. Disley, Horizon Discovery Group Plc CEO and President, centre, celebrates at the London Stock Exchange.
Cambridge CB3 0GT
+44 (0)1223 760339
+44 (0)1223 763753
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to continually improve your experience when using our website. We also use external analytics software which may set additional cookies to perform their analysis. These cookies (and any others in use) are detailed in our site  privacy  and  cookie  policies. You can delete or disable these cookies in your web browser at any time but doing so may impact website functionality and user experience.