CBRITE is a technology and product company Headquartered in Santa Barbara County, California with operations in Taiwan and San Diego.  It has an extensive portfolio of over 110 patents based on its unique and proprietary Metal Oxide Thin Film Transistor (MOTFT) technology.    CBRITE uses its proprietary technology to develop, produce and sell products for the following markets:
CBRITE’s transistors have very high performance (high mobility, fast switching, high stability),  and can be fabricated on low cost glass substrates by using existing, already capitalized,  large area glass LCD display manufacturing lines. In fact, CBRITE’s MOTFTs have been demonstrated to be over 10X less costly than a CMOS or LTPS device of comparable size and can switch 100X faster than Amorphous Silicon.  The mobility is 5-10 times higher than other MOTFTs with significantly higher device stability.
This combination of high performance, stability and dramatically lower cost is unique in the industry, which gives CBRITE a significant competitive advantage over alternate technologies such as LTPS, CMOS, IGZO and Amorphous Silicon.  This capability creates opportunities in market segments such as Digital X-Ray, Biosensors, and Next Gen Displays which today have limited application adoption due to high cost, low performance or both.   CBRITE’s product offerings will enable new applications, greater adoption and market expansion in these segments.
CBRITE is led by Nobel Laureate Dr. Alan Heeger who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 2000 for his fundamental discovery of semi-conducting and metallic polymers.  The CBRITE team brings over 100 years of world class experience and expertise in the display industry from leading companies like LGD, AUO, CMI, DuPont, Applied Materials, Philips, and Motorola. Core team members have been involved in TFT and AMOLED development since 1990 and have been awarded over 200 patents.CBRITE Company Presentation: Metal Oxide TFT Backplanes Enabling Next Generation Flat Panel Displays(PDF)
EMAIL: *
NAME: *
COMPANY: *
Enter your contact information to request the CBRITE company presentation (PDF)
Please enter any two digits with no spaces (Example: 12)*
This box is for spam protection - please leave it blank:
Submit