We use cookies and other technologies on our website to offer you the full functionality of our website. By the use of our website you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, please see our privacy policy .
Search
CeramTec – The Ceramic Experts
With over a century of development experience and production expertise, CeramTec is a leading supplier of advanced ceramics and engineers these materials for use in a wide area of applications. The current portfolio covers well over 10,000 different products and a wide variety of ceramic materials. Worldwide, more than 3,500 employees are active at The Ceramic Experts.
Who we are and what we do – Corporate video on CeramTec
About Us
This great application diversity is possible thanks to advanced ceramics, also referred to as technical ceramics, engineering ceramics or industrial ceramics. These terms cover a variety of different and in part highly specialized ceramic materials with unique mechanical, electrical, thermal and biochemical properties and property combinations.
“CeramTec is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of technical ceramics and is specialized in the development, manufacturing and sales of parts, components and products made from ceramic materials.”
Advanced ceramics from CeramTec, as an international manufacturer and supplier, are used in the Automotive Industry , in Electronics , Energy and Environmental Technology , Equipment, Mechanical , and Medical Engineering and in many other applications. Correctly selecting the required ceramic materials, adjusting and adapting Advanced Ceramics to meet the respective requirements in the field of application, and optimally designing and manufacturing parts and components to take advantage of the special material properties of ceramics are core competencies of the ceramics experts and specialists at CeramTec.
With more than 3,500 employees and production sites and subsidiaries in Europe, America and Asia, CeramTec as manufacturer and supplier has a worldwide presence.
Our Investors
On March 8th, 2018 CeramTec was acquired by a Consortium of funds led by BC Partners, in which PSP Investments and the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan also hold a stake.
BC Partners is a leading international private equity firm with over €17 billion of assets under management. Established in 1986, BC Partners has played an active role in developing the European buy-out market for three decades. BC Partners executives operate as an integrated team through the firm’s offices in Europe and North America, acquiring and developing businesses to create value in partnership with management. Since inception, BC Partners has completed 99 investments in companies with a total enterprise value of €121 billion and is currently investing its tenth private equity fund.
The Public Sector Pension Investment Board is one of Canada’s largest pension investment managers with C$135.6 billion of net assets under management as at March 31, 2017. It manages a diversified global portfolio composed of investments in public financial markets, private equity, real estate, infrastructure, natural resources and private debt. Established in 1999, PSP Investments manages net contributions to the pension funds of Canada’s federal Public Service, the Canadian Armed Forces, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Reserve Force. As at March 31, 2017, PSP Investments held private equity investments of C$15.9 billion (12% of its net assets). Since its inception, the private equity asset class has invested in more than 20 companies and 50 funds, deploying over C$10 billion in capital on a global scale. Since Headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, PSP Investments has its principal business office in Montréal and offices in New York and London, its European hub.
The Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan is Canada’s largest single-profession pension plan, with C$180.5 billion in net assets as at June 30, 2017. It holds a diverse global portfolio of assets, approximately 80% of which is managed in-house, and has earned an annualized gross rate of return of 10.1% since the Plan’s founding in 1990. As at June 30, 2017, OTPP held private equity investments of C$28.8 billion (16% of its net assets). Since inception, it has invested in more than 500 companies and funds, deploying approximately C$40 billion in capital on a global scale. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan is an independent organization headquartered in Toronto. Its Asia-Pacific region office is located in Hong Kong and its Europe, Middle East & Africa region office is in London. The defined-benefit plan, which is fully funded, invests and administers the pensions of the province of Ontario’s 318,000 active and retired teachers.
Our Mission
The CeramTec Group aims to achieve profitable growth and become the global market leader. We view management policy as the cornerstone of our business activities. Our goal is to be profitable while conserving energy and protecting natural resources.
Quality
CeramTec’s commitment to quality is an integral part of the company’s management
policy – developing, manufacturing and selling products made of advanced ceramics
in a manner that is cost-effective, ensures high quality and safety and is environmentally friendly.
Investor Relations Portal
Disclosed information on the performance of the CeramTec Group is available in the CeramTec Investor Relations Portal. This portal is a restricted access area, the IR data is accessible with a verified account only.
The CeramTec Group is represented worldwide by its many subsidiaries. With over 3,500 employees worldwide and production sites and subsidiaries in Europe, America and Asia, CeramTec has an international presence.
From its beginnings to today’s CeramTec: The CeramTec company resulted from the acquisition of Hoechst CeramTec AG by Cerasiv GmbH in 1996 and today it proudly reflects on over a century of company history.
The World of Advanced Ceramics in Social Media
Discover the exciting world of Advanced Ceramics from CeramTec in Social Media or subscribe to our RSS feed to stay up-to-date with news, fairs, events and updates about our website.
Google+
Please click on the button “Contacts” to the right, to get a list with the personal and direct responsible contacts within the CeramTec Group.
Theme Portals