Cookie Policy
Christie uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
Content 1
Welcome to Christie®. We’re a global visual, audio and collaboration solutions company offering full solutions for business, entertainment and industry. Globally, Christie employs over 1,500 people and has installed over 100,000 projector worldwide.
​​​Christie is credited with introducing digital projection technologies that set the stage for the modern movie theatre. Its commitment to the film industry is seen through innovative projection and audio solutions including premium, 4K high-resolution projectors, immersive audio and the introduction of RGB laser projection.
With a track record of pushing technological boundaries by developing disruptive products and solutions, Christie continues to grow as an end-to-end digital display solution company – offering the hardware, software and professional services to inspire our customers.
In 2018, AV Magazine named Christie the Most Influential Company in the past 20 years. Christie was chosen from among the industry’s biggest and brightest companies, by a panel of knowledgeable judges, made up of Clive Couldwell, Editor, AV Magazine; Peter Lloyd, former Editor, AV Magazine (1976-2008); Mike Blackman, Managing Director, Integrated Systems Europe (ISE); David Labuskes, Chief Executive Officer, AVIXA and Graham Naylor-Smith, Associate Director, Ove Arup & Partners.
Christie solutions can be seen in a variety of industries and applications, including:
Christie is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ushio, Inc. , of Japan. Ushio is a leading manufacturer of specialty and general illumination lighting solutions and is publicly traded on the Nikkei-Dow (Tokyo) under the symbol JP:6925.
Mission statement
At Christie we help our customers create the world’s best shared experiences.
Vision statement
Christie is committed to being the global leader in providing high quality, innovative, shared experiences that our customers love.
Christie solutions
Christie offers a broad range of visual, audio and collaboration solutions, including:
Global organizations use Christie
Christie has a long history of delivering superior, reliable solutions and unprecedented levels of customer service and support worldwide. Some of our customers include:
AMC Theaters
Barr Labs
Canadian Maritime Helicopter Program
Carlton Screen Advertising (UK)
Deluxe
Georgetown University
Jeopardy Game Show
Regal CineMedia Corp.
Sony Picture Studios
US Air National Guard
2018 Christie Digital Systems USA, Inc. All rights reserved.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.