for industry and home
Largest Wood Pellet Manufacturer in the Western United States
The largest wood pellet manufacturer in the Western United States, we began operations in 2008 to utilize large quantities of biomass materials generated from a massive and growing mountain pine beetle infestation in a productive and sustainable way.
Since our launch producing wood pellets for residential and commercial heating use, we’ve expanded to provide multiple types of products using biomass materials for a variety of purposes:  oil field waste treatment and water recycling, automotive maintenance and repair operations, equestrian, domestic farm and other pet bedding,  cat litter and still, wood pellets for heating.
Regardless of the industry or end use for our products, our goal is always to provide strong value for our customers, offering high quality materials and services. As we often say…..Many solutions, one call.
Oil & Gas Applications
When working in the Oil & Gas Industry, Confluence Energy partners with Oil & Gas and drilling companies by providing innovative, cost saving solutions for treating oil and gas waste streams.   Our patented carbon and fiber-based products, along with proprietary delivery systems, offer a strong value proposition in sustainably dealing with drill cutting disposal and reuse, produced water filtration, solids control and reclamation and all kinds of drilling rig waste treatment and reuse. One aspect of these partnerships is that Confluence Energy provides a team approach, discussing at both the corporate level and onsite, and strategizing for custom solutions.   With a high level of drilling knowledge and proprietary products in place, we now offer unmatched, innovative delivery systems.
Wood Pellets
Also, Confluence Energy is a producer of wood pellets primarily used as a heating fuel. We utilize available wood biomass materials and turn it into a usable, stable, sustainable, clean, domestic energy source.  We see enormous growth potential for wood-based fuel products for 3 primary reasons: strong and stable demand growth for heating fuels, tightening supplies (especially domestically), and readily available biomass feedstock.
Our Sustainability Mission
At Confluence Energy, we are committed to protecting our planet Earth. We begin by utilizing local beetle-killed pine and other waste streams to produce our products, and we have created a sustainable, state-of-the-art manufacturing process. We are reducing our carbon footprint by 25% through the production of biochar, which sequesters carbon, and by deriving 50% our energy from renewable, biomass sources. Confluence Energy—making a green product even greener.
About Confluence Energyfor industry and home
Our Story
It all began with a tiny, little bug. Well, really, it started with lot of tiny, little bugs – mountain pine beetles, to be exact. In 2007, with more than two million acres of trees dead or dying across Colorado and Wyoming, Confluence Energy (CE) founder and CEO Mark Mathis made a trip to the store to buy more pellets for his wood stove only to find the store was sold out. After learning from the store manager that there was a nationwide shortage of wood pellets, he wondered how that could possibly be, “I looked around at all the dead trees. In every catastrophe, there’s an opportunity.” That’s when he began the process of raising the capital and building a wood pellet mill. And, he never looked back.
The trucks began to roll out of Confluence Energy’s new, state-of-the-art wood pellet plant, the biggest pellet plant in the U.S. west of the Mississippi. We celebrated our inaugural shipment of wood pellets made from Colorado’s beetle kill trees in June of 2008.
As business grew, Confluence Energy diversified, to become a producer of a variety of bio-mass products made primarily from wood fiber. Our all natural product lines now include pet bedding, cat litter, absorbents, biomulch, biochar, other agricultural enhancements and a multitude of products and services for the oil and gas industry. In 2013, we acquired competitor Rocky Mountain Pellets to be able to provide a steady supply of quality wood fiber products to its customers.
Since CE began operations, we have maintained a commitment to provide at least half of our energy usage from our own production process through thermal energy utilization within the plants. That eliminates the requirement for additional fossil fuels to provide energy for the manufacturing process. Wherever possible, our decisions are made with the consideration of fighting climate change by producing environmentally sound products which preserve and improve the environment – driving the ecology of our economy.
We are a manufacturing company based in Kremmling, CO, who uses locally sourced biomass to produce products for individual, commercial, agricultural and industrial use. Regardless of the end use for our products, our goal is always to provide strong value for our customers, offering high quality materials and services. As we often say….many solutions, one call.
Our Sustainability Mission
At Confluence Energy, we are committed to protecting our planet Earth. We begin by utilizing local beetle-killed pine and other waste streams to produce our products, and we have created a sustainable, state-of-the-art manufacturing process. We are reducing our carbon footprint by 25% through the production of biochar, which sequesters carbon, and by deriving 50% our energy from renewable, biomass sources. Confluence Energy—making a green product even greener.
Contact Us