Coveris Value
Coveris is the partner of choice for the world’s leading brands because of our long history of delivering innovative solutions that enhance their product offering, delivering results based on unparalleled industry expertise, and responsibly managing our operations so that together we positively impact the lives of millions of consumers every day.
INNOVATION
We consistently grow alongside our customers to create the next generation packaging and engineered coatings solutions, enabling our partners to remain advantaged in their markets. Coveris applies unrivaled industry expertise to anticipate our customer needs and then invest robustly in Research and Development to bring these solutions to market. Our manufacturing technologies ensure food safe quality, improved efficiencies and shortened lead-times that provide full supply chain value.
SOLUTIONS
Having one of the broadest product offerings, Coveris delivers packaging and coating solutions that positively impact the lives of millions every day. As a true global leader, we have a keen understanding of core markets, affording us the capability to deliver innovative products and best-in-class service to the world’s most respected brands. Through close collaboration with our customers and suppliers, we are able to offer solutions across a wide array of structures, substrates (Rigid and Flexible; Paper and Plastic), and geographies that consistently provide value and competitive advantage.
SUSTAINABILITY
As global citizens, we have a responsibility to provide value-driven solutions to our customers while preserving our world’s resources. Through continued collaboration with our stakeholders – customers, industry partners and suppliers – we strive to enhance our sustainability performance through:
Using more sustainable raw materials such as customer-engineered films containing post-consumer resin content or unique film structures containing eco-friendly resins (eg. GreenPE) or shipping sacks constructed from Sustainable Forestry Initiative-Certified papers.
Reducing product spoilage use through proprietary film structures, custom coatings or unique perforation patterns on fresh food packaging to extend the shelf life.
New processes and tools to eliminate waste from the entire value stream.
FOOD SAFETYWe aim high
As a leading international manufacturing company, Coveris is dedicated to providing solutions that enhance the safety, quality and convenience of products we use every day. In partnership with the most respected brands in the world, Coveris develops vital products that protect everything from the food we eat, to medical supplies, to the touch screen device in our pockets, contributing to the lives of millions every day.
our Mission
Customers
Ensure that customers recognize Coveris as a provider of innovative packaging and coatings solutions that:
Delivers outstanding customer service and quality
Is flexible and quick to respond
Invests and grows with them
Employees
Our employees are engaged and empowered to produce world class products in a safe environment
We are committed to Operational Excellence, continuous improvement and fact based decision making
We are accountable for results
our Values
Empowerment & Accountability
Intensity & Speed
our Priorities
Flawless Operating Execution: Metric and Process Driven
Deliver Positive Cash Flow
Deliver Sales/EBITDA/Cash plan
where we’re from makes us who we are today
With one of the largest product offerings in the industry and a “local” partnership approach to doing business, Coveris is a true global leader in the manufacture and distribution of packaging solutions and coated film technologies.
Locations
Coveris is everywhere you are . We currently have locations in Austria, Bulgaria, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Serbia, Turkey, United Kingdom, Ukraine, and the United States.