Our History of Innovation
Throughout our nearly 90 year history, CP Kelco has pioneered the development and application of hydrocolloids for industrial and commercial use.
We trace our roots to the founding of the Kelco Company in San Diego, California in 1929 and the launch of Copenhagen Pectin in 1934. Over the next 70 years, both companies pioneered and expanded the development and application of pectin and other hydrocolloids such as xanthan gum, gellan gum and carrageenan.
In 2000, Kelco merged with Copenhagen Pectin to form CP Kelco, creating a global organization with manufacturing capabilities in the US, Brazil, Denmark, Germany and the Philippines. In 2004, CP Kelco became part of J.M. Huber Corporation and merged with Huber’s Noviant CMC business the following year. As a result of combining capabilities, expertise, industry experience and products within Huber, CP Kelco is positioned as one of the world’s leading producers of specialty hydrocolloids in the 21st century.
Over the past 12 years, J.M. Huber and CP Kelco have invested in the company’s future through expansions in Brazil and Denmark, new manufacturing facilities in China, and the establishment of sales and service locations in emerging markets throughout Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and the Americas.
Explore Our History
1883
Joseph Maria Huber founds J.M. Huber Corporation as a dry colors business
1929
1934
As the foundation for Copenhagen Pectin, Danish entrepreneur Karl Pedersen begins his marmalade business in Copenhagen
1944
1947
1950
1954
1959
Kelco launches investment in world’s first commercial production of xanthan gum in San Diego
1977
1989
Copenhagen Pectin initiates effort to farm seaweed in Zanzibar, Tanzania, East Africa (CP Kelco is primary shareholder of Zanea Seaweed Co., Ltd.)
1992
1997
1998
2000
Kelco merges with Copenhagen Pectin to form CP Kelco
Sales and service office established by CP Kelco in Leatherhead, UK, Tokyo, Japan and Singapore
2001
Huber acquires Noviant CMC
Wulian becomes home to one of the largest xanthan gum producers in China (now CP Kelco Shandong Biological Company, Ltd.)
2003
CP Kelco and Noviant both establish sales offices in Shanghai, China
2004
2009
2010
CP Kelco | Cumberland Center II |  3100 Cumberland Boulevard | Suite 600 | Atlanta GA | 30339 | (678) 247-7300
Privacy & Cookies PolicyOur products are derived from raw materials found in nature, including polysaccharides produced by microbial fermentation, extraction from land and sea plants and cellulose-based raw materials. Through ongoing expansion and product development, CP Kelco has become one of the world’s leading producers of pectin and have pioneered advancements in the manufacturing and application of gellan gum, xanthan gum, carrageenan, diutan gum and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC/cellulose gum).
CP Kelco has steadily broadened the effectiveness and range of hydrocolloid use since our founding nearly 90 years ago. We now operate manufacturing facilities in the US, Brazil, Finland, Denmark, Germany, China and the Philippines. We continue to expand our network of commercial offices and laboratories around the globe, serving more than 100 countries across Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East and the Americas.
Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia as part of the J.M. Huber Corporation, CP Kelco offers our 2,200 employees worldwide the opportunity for growth and professional advancement in an environment that fosters innovation, ethical behavior, safety and sustainability, excellence and respect for people.
CP Kelco believes that hydrocolloids have a unique and important role to play in the products customers will buy and consumers will eat, drink and use in the future. We continue to explore how our nature-based ingredients can enable formulators to respond to emerging trends in market needs and preferences. Our goal is to continually develop and sustain strong relationships and collaboration with our customers as they grow, change and embrace new challenges in their own markets and industries.
Through strategic growth, innovation, targeted expansion, respect and support for our people, customer intimacy and adherence to our company principles, CP Kelco looks forward to embracing the opportunities of our exciting future ahead.
CP Kelco Manufacturing Facilities
Okmulgee, Oklahoma, USA
CP Kelco | Cumberland Center II |  3100 Cumberland Boulevard | Suite 600 | Atlanta GA | 30339 | (678) 247-7300
Privacy & Cookies PolicyWe remain committed to putting customers first as we strive for continuous improvement and long-term business sustainability. Our strong and distinctive approach to ethics helps us to remain competitive and retain market leadership.
The CP Kelco Code of Conduct ensures that all employees can make confident decisions that allow the organization to conduct business ethically and minimize both legal and reputational risks. It is a framework to help support the sometimes difficult decisions our employees face in the course of daily business. This framework encourages employees to do the right thing, not just follow the rules.
The CP Kelco Code of Conduct is based on the Huber Principles, the core beliefs that set Huber companies apart in all markets served.
Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability
A top priority across Huber companies is to achieve world-class performance in preventing employee injuries and maintaining process safety. We implement an effective EHS&S compliance system that supports our drive for sustainability and continuous reduction of our environmental footprint. CP Kelco is a responsible corporate citizen wherever we operate throughout the world.
Ethical Behavior
CP Kelco fosters open communication to ensure that potential ethical concerns are promptly identified and properly resolved. Globally, we operate with the highest standard for compliance with laws, regulations and corporate policies. Huber and CP Kelco employees conduct themselves with professionalism and ethical responsibility toward others.
Respect for People
Huber companies value employee diversity and superior teamwork by following fair employment practices and creating a work environment that is free from discrimination. Employees receive honest and constructive feedback, recognition for their accomplishments and opportunities for individual learning and development. At CP Kelco, employees share the company’s core values and show dignity and respect for others.
Excellence
Customer focus and operational excellence is the foundation of CP Kelco’s competitive advantage. Customer intimacy and innovation continue to drive new product development and commercialization. Operational excellence results from our application of ongoing learning and best practices to process engineering, product quality, productivity improvement, supply chain management and customer service.
One CP Kelco Quality Standard
CP Kelco abides by one global quality standard that does not vary by the location of the production facility or the customer sale. Consistent, defect‐free, high performance products are our opportunity to differentiate from the competition and create sustainable business.
Quality improvement and food safety performance guidelines are in place that describe minimum mandatory quality and regulatory requirements for all CP Kelco facilities. These standards are designed to raise the commitment to quality and food safety, and include audits of all facilities to certify and validate to this standard.
Our global systems of governance, assurance and improvement, combined with our culture of quality, are an investment to ensure CP Kelco continues to be a trusted and reliable supplier. This is reflected in our Global Quality and Food Safety Policy .
Huber and CP Kelco provide fair employment practices and fair treatment to all employees and job applicants. All Huber businesses create a work environment free from discrimination, in which all employees are treated with respect and dignity.
These principles are the cultural pillar and the guiding force on how CP Kelco conducts business around the world. CP Kelco strongly believes that its reputation and integrity depend on adhering to these principles. They address the same environmental, employee and safety concerns that drive our customer’s guidelines. As the scope of CP Kelco’s operations increase and the organizational structure evolves, the above principles remain constant. By adhering to these principles in every situation, CP Kelco ensures that every employee in every corner of the world is doing business to the highest ethical standards.
CP Kelco | Cumberland Center II |  3100 Cumberland Boulevard | Suite 600 | Atlanta GA | 30339 | (678) 247-7300
Privacy & Cookies Policy