DEKA Research & Development Corp. is a New Hampshire based company that brings expertise to the world of complex problem solving and improving lives.
Close
Enter your
text here
For over thirty years, DEKA Research & Development Corp. has made Manchester, New Hampshire home. Housed in the largest industrial complex of its time, the historic Amoskeag Millyard , DEKA employs a team of over four hundred professionals, whose engineering, design, manufacturing and quality expertise make DEKA a hot spot for creating innovative solutions and advanced technologies. Located about an hour from Boston, the beach, and the mountains, DEKA is one of the leading research and development companies in the country and is the birthplace of some of the most innovative and life-changing products of our time.
– Illustration by Jack Kamen, Dean Kamen’s Father. Commissioned in the early 80’s depicting the potential of the Millyard. –
At the age of 30, Dean Kamen sold his first company, AutoSyringe, and in 1982 he founded DEKA to focus on medical innovations aimed to improve lives around the world. In 1989 he founded FIRST® to build the next generation’s workforce. Dean continues to push DEKA to be a place where no idea seems too big and where creativity and crazy cool gizmos reign supreme.
“FIRST® is more than robots. The robots are a vehicle for students to learn important life skills. Kids often come in not knowing what to expect—of the program, nor of themselves. They leave, even after the first season, with a vision, with confidence, and with a sense that they can create their own future.”
Visit StayWorkPlay.org for more information about living and working in the beautiful state of NH.
Albert Einstein
“Life is so short. Why waste a single day of it doing something that doesn’t matter, that doesn’t try to do something big?”
Dean Kamen
“There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.”
Mark Twain
“Life is full of surprises, but never when you need one.”
Calvin - Calvin and Hobbes - by Bill Watterson
DEKA Research & Development Corp.