Register for Your Account
To provide innovative, clean, and energy-efficient solutions for a better tomorrow.
Delta, founded in 1971, is a global provider of power and thermal management solutions. Its mission statement, "To provide innovative, clean and energy-efficient solutions for a better tomorrow," focuses on addressing key environmental issues such as global climate change. As an energy-saving solutions provider with core competencies in power electronics and automation, Delta's business categories include Power Electronics, Automation, and Infrastructure.
Delta offers some of the most energy efficient power products in the industry, including switching power supplies with efficiency over 90%, telecom power with up to 98%, and PV inverters with up to 98.8% efficiency. Headquartered in Taiwan, we regularly invest 6% to 7% of our annual sales revenues in R&D and have worldwide R&D facilities in China, Europe, Japan, Singapore, and the U.S.
Delta is a frequent recipient of international awards and related recognition for innovation, design, and corporate social responsibility. Since 2011, Delta has been selected each year for the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability™ World Index (DJSI World). In 2018, we were also included in the DJSI Emerging Markets Index for the 6th consecutive year. Delta was ranked by CDP (formerly the Climate Disclosure Project) at the Climate Change Leadership Level.
Quality
Consistently deliver superior performance and pursue improvement all the time
Agility
Identify emerging trends and act quickly to capture new opportunities
Teamwork
Fully leverage global value networks and collaborate to achieve mutual goals
Customer Satisfaction
for a better tomorrow. © 2018 Delta Electronics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to provide the best possible user experience for those who visit our website. By using this website you agree to the placement of cookies. For more details consult our data privacy policy.Solutions
Products
零組件
嵌入式電源
風扇與散熱管理
汽車電子
商用產品及移動電源
- 視訊與顯像系統
- 醫療用裝置
- 移動電源
- 工業電源
- 醫療電源
工業自動化
- 設備監控
- 網路裝置
- 控制裝置
- 傳動及運動系統
- 感測儀表
- 工業機器人
樓宇自動化
- 樓宇管理與控制
- LED照明
- 智慧安防
資通訊基礎設施
- 通訊電源系統
- 網通系統
- 不斷電系統及資料中心
能源基礎設施
- 電動車充電設備
- 儲能系統
- 可再生能源
- 高功率馬達驅動
Components
Embedded Power
Fan & Thermal Management
Automotive Electronics
Merchant & Mobile Power
- Display & Visualization
- Healthcare Devices
- Mobile Power
- Industrial Power
- Medical Power Solution
Industrial Automation
- Network
- Control
- Drive & Motion
- Field Device
Building Automation
- Building Management & Control
- LED Lighting
- Intelligent Surveillance
ICT Infrastructure
- Telecom Power Systems
- Networking Systems
- UPS & Datacenter Infrastructure
Energy Infrastructure
- EV Charging
- Energy Storage System
- Renewable Energy
- High Power Motor Drives
News Center
Investor Services
About Delta
Careers
Regions | Language
About Delta
Milestones
Home
Category
Corporate
Products & Solutions
Investor Services
CSR
Awards
Industrial News
Keywords
Delta News Subscription
Register for Your Account
Please enter your profile and select news type(s) you want to subscribe to. We’ll start delivering Delta news via email alert after your account being activated.
2017
Named as a Taiwan Top 20 Global Brand for the 7th consecutive year
Ranked in the Top 10 of "The CSR Development Index of Top 100 MNCs
                        in China" for 3 consecutive years
Shared Delta's ample experience in facilitating sustainable cities
2016
Delta's headquarters green building in Taipei received LEED Platinum
Acquired Delta Controls and LOYTEC, two leading companies in building automation
One of the first members of the Beijing Innovation Center for Industrial Big Data
2015
Acquired Eltek, a leading provider in telecom power, industrial and datacenter power solutions
Selected for the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences "Top100 China Corporate Social Responsibility"
for 3th consecutive year
Recognized with Channel NewsAsia's 2015 Green Luminary Award
Inaugurated Delta Taoyuan Plant 5, Taiwan (EEWH/LEED Gold)
Inaugurated Delta Americas headquarters, U.S.A. (LEED Platium)
Attended the COP21 UN Climate Change Conferences in Paris, sharing Delta's green building
experience through the "Delta Green Building Exhibition" held at the Grand Palais
2014
2013
2012
Received the Taiwan National Industry Innovation Award
2011
Inaugurated Shanghai R&D and Operations Center Building in China (LEED-NC Gold, LEED-EB Platium)
2008
2007
Honored with Forbes Asia's Fabulous 50 Award
2006
1992
Inauguration of the first Plant (Dongguan) in China
1988
Listed on the TW stock exchange (code 2308)
Mass production of brushless DC fans
Invested for the establishment of Delta Electronics (Thailand) PCL, with an original stake of 6%.
1983
Mass production of switching power supplies
1971
Delta Electronics, Inc. established
RSS Feeds 
Press Releases
Investor Services
Information 
Privacy Policy
Data Collection
Terms of use
Contact us
Our Mission
To provide innovative, clean and energy-efficient solutions
for a better tomorrow.
2018
We use cookies to provide the best possible user experience for those who visit our website. By using this website you agree to the placement of cookies. For more details consult our data privacy policy.
Data Privacy Policy
OKRegister for Your Account
Delta is devoted to innovation and systematically developing new products and technologies, particularly those that are high-efficiency and energy-saving. Aiming to reduce global warming and ensure mankind's sustainable future with better value and performance, Delta is continuously enhancing our engineering capabilities and is committed to developing innovative technologies and solutions for a better tomorrow.
In addition, Delta established Delta Research Center (DRC) in 2013 to respond to changing technological trends and to enhance its research and development capacity. Devoted to big data analytics as well as the development and integration of applications and solutions for the Internet of Things (IoT), DRC has been enabling the acceleration of enterprise transformation and upgrade with emphasis on pragmatic verification. In addition, DRC takes an open collaboration approach to actively collaborate with ecosystem partners from industrial sectors, government agencies, academia, and research institutions for mutual success.
Key Figures
 Roughly 7,850 patent certificates awarded
 9,000+ R&D engineers throughout the world
Research and Development on Global Scale
Headquartered in Taiwan, Delta invests 6% to 7% of the group's annual sales revenue in R&D and has worldwide R&D facilities China, Japan, Singapore, the U.S.A., and Europe. In 2018, Delta has over 9,000 R&D engineers throughout the world with R&D activities coordinated on a global scale.
Delta's labs at Research Triangle Park in North Carolina, U.S.A., include the Delta Power Electronics Laboratory, which develops high-efficiency and high-density power conversion products, and the Delta Networks R&D Laboratory, which develops networking products. Delta's R&D team in Soest, Germany, focuses on developing key power supply products and technologies for various applications such as hybrid vehicles, super computers, high-end server storage, telecommunications, datacenters, and wind power converters.
Among Delta's 23 R&D centers in China, Delta Power Electronics Center (DPEC) in Pudong, Shanghai was established in 1999 to aggressively develop advanced energy-saving technologies. We also have CNAS (China National Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment) accredited laboratories in Shanghai, Guangdong and Jiangsu, as well as post Ph.D. innovation stations in our R&D centers in Shanghai and Jiangsu.
Cultivation for R&D Talents
Delta has also made long-term investments in cultivating R&D expertise and innovation. Delta has joint R&D programs with U.S. universities such as MIT, Virginia Polytech, Case Western Reserve University, as well as Taiwan's National Cheng-Kung University, National Central University, and National Taiwan University, and other top schools in both Taiwan and China. In China, the Delta Foundation has established the "Delta Power Electronics Science and Education Development Program" and the "Delta Scholar Program," which are involved in co-developing a variety of advanced energy-efficient products and technologies with eight top universities.
Delta Innovation Highlights
Our capability for innovative design is what sets us apart from the competition. With our core competence in power management, we are rapidly expanding into several related businesses such as: power systems for datacenters, cooling fans and thermal solutions, industrial automation systems, powertrain solutions and power electronics components for EVs/HEVs, high-end projection systems, LED lighting, and renewable energy. We are also actively pursuing development in new areas such as medium voltage drives (MVD), converters for wind turbines, and green buildings.
Delta's telecom power supplies lead the industry with an energy conversion efficiency of up to 98%. In 2012, Delta successfully developed the world's first titanium-grade server power supply with an efficiency rating reaching 96%. For onboard chargers for electric vehicles, Delta takes advantage of high power efficiency of up to 96% with greater user-friendliness, protection, and network integration. In recent years we have developed high-density and high-efficiency products and solutions which allow the general public to enjoy our innovative green technology. For fan and thermal management, Delta is actively leveraging low-power consumption and low-noise designs to extend our product lines into smart air exchange fans, hot-air blowers and thermal exchangers.
International Recognition
for a better tomorrow. © 2018 Delta Electronics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to provide the best possible user experience for those who visit our website. By using this website you agree to the placement of cookies. For more details consult our data privacy policy.