DSS’s two advanced high-technology facilities combine to provide approximately 16,000-ft2 of facility space. DSS’s facilities are comprised of large high-bay equipment/working areas for prototyping and manufacture/test of flight-like hardware, a 100,000 class clean room area for manufacture/test of flight hardware, and professional working office areas to facilitate design, analysis, meetings, and other professional functions.
DSS’s facility has complementary equipment to support the design, production, and test of quality space hardware. The following is an abbreviated listing of DSS’s manufacturing and test facility capabilities:
A positive-pressure, temperature-controlled, and humidity-monitored Class 100,000 clean work-area totaling approximately 1,500 sq. ft.
A very-large 7,000 sq.ft. clean work area with un-obstructive high-bay ceilings for fabrication, manufacture and test of prototype / flight hardware (area can be converted to Class 100,000 clean work-area.
A large 2,500 sq.ft. clean work area with un-obstructive high-bay ceilings for fabrication, manufacture and test of prototype hardware.
A small-scale specialty machine shop with milling, lathes, and various other metalworking tools.
An electronics workspace for the fabrication, testing, and storage of special purpose instrumentation and data processing equipment.
Multiple computer controlled ambient pressure nitrogen back-filled rapid thermal-cycle test chamber capable of -175C (-180C) to +120C.
Calibrated and maintained hand measurement and inspection tools/equipment.
Dark I-V Lab View based test-bed for measuring the electrical performance of solar arrays / SPM panel assemblies.
Theodolite and Laser measurement / positioning equipment.
Four computer controlled ambient pressure nitrogen back-filled thermal chambers capable of -160C to +120C temperature.
Extensive structural and kinematic test equipment utilized for the extension and loading of deployable structures.
Deployment offloader rails for functional deployment testing.
Very large erectable thermal chambers for hot / cold deployment or thermal cycle testing of large deployable structures of irregular shapes.
Structural and kinematic test equipment utilized for the extension and loading of deployable structures.
Computer-controlled proximity sensors and load cells for data acquisition.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Deployable Space SystemsDesign Capabilities
Combined 200+ years solar array, deployable boom, mechanism and composites design
Innovative and creative design solutions to achieve highest performance / reliability and lowest cost / mass
State-of-the-art capabilities in Pro-E and SolidWorks CAD design techniques
Designs supported with extensive knowledge of space flight environments, requirements / interfaces, materials and manufacturing / test
Analysis Capabilities
Combined 90+ years structural, thermal and composites analysis of deployable systems
Linear and non-linear stress, stability and dynamics (modes, transient, random)
Composites stiffness / strength analysis and laminate ply optimization
Thermal (orbital, component temperature, distortion and thermal control design)
NASTRAN, ANSYS, FEMAP, Composite Pro, Mathematica
Copyright © 2008-2018 Deployable Space SystemsQuick Facts
California small business founded in April 2008 - formed from ex-ATK/ABLE group
Small Business with Large Prime Contractor Systems Engineering Capability
Product and Research Area Focus
Deployable Solar Array Systems
Rigid Panel, Flexible Blanket, and Concentrator Systems with Crystalline or Thin Film PV
Deployable Structural/Mechanical Systems
Subsystems
Core Competencies
Prototype Hardware Oriented Technology Development Approach
Customer Base
AFRL, NASA GRC, NASA JSC, NASA GSFC, JPL, Space Systems / Loral, Boeing, Orbital, Ball Aerospace, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin, MDA, DARPA, NRO
Our Mission
Develop new and enabling deployable technologies for space applications. Transition emerging technologies to industry for infusion into future DoD, NASA, and/or commercial programs - in partnership with large businesses. Design, analyze, build, test and deliver on-time the highest quality deployable solar arrays, deployable structures and space system products available.
Our Quality Management System
Our Leadership Team
President
Brian Spence is the founder of DSS and a former employee of AEC-Able Engineering / ATK Space and Astro Aerospace. He received his B.S.M.E. from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and has over 25 years experience in deployable solar arrays, deployable structural systems, and innovative mechanism technology. Brian is a technical authority in the field of space solar array systems, solar array subsystem technologies, systems and subsystems, and has been involved involved in the program management, design, development, analysis, producion and test of numerous deployable structures (booms and antennas), innovative mechanisms, and solar array systems (rigid panel, flexible blanket, and concentrator technologies). Brian has an extensive and demonstrated capability for effectively and efficiently managing, planning, leading, mitigating risk, and executing technology development programs on-plan and on-budget. He has authored numerous technical papers, has eight awarded patents, has received a NASA Achievement Award, and is a registered professional engineer in the state of California.
Steve White
Vice President/General Manager
Steve White received his M.S.M.E. from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and as a former employee AEC-Able Engineering / ATK Space and currently DSS, has over 26 years experience in space deployable structures and solar arrays, and spacecraft systems engineering. He has extensive and direct experience in the management, design, development, analysis, production and test of space-based deployable structures, mechanisms, and solar array systems in project engineering, program management and chief engineering capacities. Steve has expertise in the field of space solar array systems, solar array subsystem technologies (such as deployment mechanisms, composite structures and array photovolaic blankets/panels), space structural and mechanical systems and subsystems (including booms, antennas and stable structures), composites design, spacecraft systems, structural analysis and space environmental testing. He has authored numerous technical papers, has three awarded patents, and has received two NASA Achievement Awards.
John Espinoza
Product Assurance/Quality Systems Manager
Mr. John Espinoza provides DSS with over 32 years experience in Quality Systems management and manufacturing of Space Deployable products. Mr. Espinoza led in DSS’s AS9100C Quality Systems certification in 2014. Prior to joining the DSS team, Mr. Espinoza was previously employed with Northrop Grumman, Astro Aerospace, Raytheon-ECM, and ATK Space. During these assignments, Mr. Espinoza was responsible for all levels of Quality/Mission Assurance, and Supplier Quality. Mr. Espinoza is highly experienced with customer contract requirements, and has a demonstrated high-level of knowledge associated with Space Flight quality systems, manufacturing, systems testing, and hardware integration. Mr. Espinoza is a currently a NASA certified Level B instructor for several space qualified processes, and has instructed at several supplier facilities throughout the United States. Mr. Espinoza is also a Six-Sigma Green-Belt which was issued by Northrop Grumman. Mr. Espinoza's education includes Certification from UCSB in Configuration Management.
Mark Douglas
Technical Director
Mark Douglas received his B.S.M.E from the University of California, San Diego, and as a former employee AEC-Able Engineering / ATK Space and currently DSS has over 26 years of experience in the design and qualification of deployable solar arrays, booms and stable structures for space applications. As a key member of the technical engineering staff at DSS, Mr. Douglas has expertise in and is directly involved with the design, analysis, qualification/flight manufacture, and qualification/flight testing and technical direction of solar array systems (rigid panel arrays, flexible blanket arrays, concentrator arrays, and advanced array technologies), open lattice deployable booms/masts, telescopic booms/masts, elastically deployable roll-out booms, dimensionally stable deployable structures for SAR and optical payloads, and large aperture deployable structure technologies. Mr. Douglas has authored several technical papers and has received one individual patent as well as several group patents, and has several other group patents pending.
Matt LaPointe
Technical Director
Matt LaPointe as a former employee of AEC-Able Engineering / ATK Space and currently at DSS has over 8 years experience in mechanical design, test and analysis of space mechanisms and deployable systems (including solar arrays). Mr. LaPointe received his B.S.M.E. with Honors from the University of California, Santa Barbara and has significant expertise in mechanical, electrical, and control systems. Mr. LaPointe has been a key technical team member of several successful flight programs, including deployable open lattice masts, rigid panel solar arrays, flexible blanket solar arrays, reflector dish deployment structures, solar array blanket deployers, and damped / latching solar array hinge mechanisms. Mr. LaPointe specializes in complex systems design of mechanical and electromechanical sub-systems. Mr. LaPointe is a co-inventor on several group patents pending.
Ron Takeda
Chief Technologist
Ron Takeda received his B.S.M.E. from the California State University, Chico, in 1986 and has over 25 years’ experience in space deployable solar array and structural systems. Mr. Takeda has been instrumental in the design, development, analysis, production, test and integration of deployable structures, mechanisms, and solar array systems (rigid panel, flexible blanket, thin film blanket, and concentrator technologies) in project engineering, manufacturing and test engineering, and Technical Director capacities. Mr. Takeda has extensive experience from many research and development programs, and many flagship spaceflight programs which he has received NASA achievement awards. Mr. Takeda has led as Technical Director on dozens of LEO, GEO and planetary Lander solar array flight programs. Mr. Takeda has continuously demonstrated high competency and capability to lead engineering teams through design innovation, risk mitigation and retirement, analytical modeling, process development, hardware validation, and manufacture and test which are paramount for program success. Mr. Takeda is co-inventor in multiple awarded and pending patents.
Mario Medrano
Director of Manufacturing
Mario Medrano as a former employee of AEC-Able Engineering / ATK Space and currently with DSS has over 25 years experience in the procurement, fabrication, manufacture, assembly, integration, inspection, and test of spaceflight hardware including deployable solar arrays (rigid panel arrays, flexible blanket arrays, and concentrator arrays) and deployable structures (open lattice booms, very-large linear articulated booms, very-large linear dimensionally stable articulated booms, and dimensionally stable SAR antenna structures), and supporting GSE /STE tooling. As a key member of DSS’s space flight-hardware assembly and test operations, Mr. Medrano has expertise in and is directly involved with the procurement, fabrication, manufacture, assembly, inspection, test and shipment of advanced and space-flight deployable systems hardware. Mr. Medrano has been honored/recognized for timely delivery and quality workmanship of deployable space hardware produced and delivered for NASA, U.S. Air Force, JPL, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates (MDA), Orbital, and General Dynamics.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Deployable Space Systems