This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Cookie Policy .
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
2018 – Gone in a Flash
A common question I’ve heard asked over the past few weeks is, “Where did 2018 go?”. I genuinely can’t believe it myself as I sit here typing this blog. Traditionally a time for reflection a...
12/20/2018
DialogicOne – Improving Business Models with Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is extremely hot topic these days, but just stating that a solution or application has “AI” in it became a bit too popular. The key questions or topics should be...
12/19/2018
SHARE
Dialogic is a leading cloud-optimized solutions provider for real-time communications media, applications, and infrastructure to service providers, enterprises, and developers around the globe. Based in Parsippany, NJ with offices worldwide, Dialogic works with 48 of the world’s top 50 mobile operators, and nearly 1,000 application developers build and deploy on agile networks. Our global team of professional services experts is ready to help you with unparalleled support and consulting so you can get the most out of your network investment.
For more about Dialogic, read about us in the links below.Login
I Forgot
Log In
or 
Register
 Login
DEVELOPER
Français
Blog
Company
Service Center
Partners
Where to Buy
Products
Solutions
Solutions
Products
Where to Buy
Our Customers
Service Center
Blog
About
Contact
Developer
Login
 Awards
Home
Company
Company Awards and Recognition
Dialogic Receives Best Unified Communications Innovation Award at Capacity Europe 2018
Dialogic Receives 2017 WebRTC World Product of the Year Award
Dialogic Receives 2016 Real Time Web Solutions Excellence Award 
TMC Labs Names the Winners of the IT Innovation Awards
TMC names Dialogic a 2016 Communications Solutions Products of the Year Award Winner
Dialogic Named a 2016 Tech Culture Award Recipient by TMCnet 
Dialogic Receives WebRTC Product of the Year Award for Second Consecutive Year
CIOReview rates Dialogic as one of "20 Most Promising Wireless Solution Providers 2016
Dialogic PowerVille Visual IVR Named A Winner At LTE & 5G World Awards 2016
Dialogic Receives 2016 INTERNET TELEPHONY Product of the Year Award
Dialogic Wins 2015 LTE North America Award for NFV Innovation of the Year
Dialogic Receives 2015 WebRTC Product of the Year Award
Dialogic’s BorderNet Diameter Services Helix Named Finalist for Most Innovative Solution Provider in Broadband Infovision Awards
Dialogic’s BorderNet Diameter Services Helix Named Finalist in LTE Asia’s 2014 Best LTE Core Network Product Category
Dialogic Receives 2014 INTERNET TELEPHONY Product of the Year Award
Dialogic Leaders Honored as WebRTC Pioneers at WebRTC Conference & Expo
Dialogic Wins CTI Forum and Editor’s Choice Awards for Mobile Video Solutions and Media Gateway Technology
Dialogic Earns Ready Now Award at WebRTC Conference & Expo for Showcasing Real-World Implementations
Dialogic Selected as a Visionary in the Magic Quadrant for Session Border Controllers
Dialogic Wins (American Technology Award for Telecommunications)
Dialogic Wins CTI Forum Editor’s Choice Awards for Media Gateway Technology and Mobile Video Solutions
Dialogic Positioned as a Visionary in the Magic Quadrant for Session Border Controllers
Dialogic Wins Telecom Asia Readers’ Choice Award for Bandwidth Optimization Products
Dialogic Selected as a Light Reading Leading Lights Award Finalist for Best New Product (Mobile) 
Tolly Group Awards Performance Certification to Dialogic PowerMedia Extended Media Server (XMS)
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
About Us
Awards and Recognition
Board of Directors
Cookies
Environmental Commitment
Events
Executive Team
Press Media Kit
Press Releases
Privacy 
Quality Focus
Social Media
Terms of Use
Latest Facebook Posts
Latest Linked In Posts
Latest Tweets
Google Plus
Latest YouTube Videos
How to deploy PowerMedia XMS into the AWS cloud
295  Views
3:15
Dialogic Application Labs
515  Views
How to build a WebRTC Gateway and integrate IBM Watson Speech-to-Text services
371  Views
Cloud optimized real-time communications solutions.
Navigate:
Solutions
Products
Purchase
Partners
Service Center
Company
Company:
About Dialogic
Press Room
Events
Careers
Contact
Connect:
Social Media Newsroom
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
YouTube
Site Map
Glossary
Privacy
Cookies
Terms of Use
© Copyright 2018 Dialogic Corporation. All rights reserved.This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Cookie Policy .
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
2018 – Gone in a Flash
A common question I’ve heard asked over the past few weeks is, “Where did 2018 go?”. I genuinely can’t believe it myself as I sit here typing this blog. Traditionally a time for reflection a...
12/20/2018
DialogicOne – Improving Business Models with Artificial Intelligence
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is extremely hot topic these days, but just stating that a solution or application has “AI” in it became a bit too popular. The key questions or topics should be...
12/19/2018
Enabling Agility:
Dialogic is a leading cloud-optimized solutions provider for real-time communications media, applications, and infrastructure to service providers, enterprises, and developers around the globe. Based in Parsippany, NJ with offices worldwide, Dialogic works with 48 of the world’s top 50 mobile operators, and nearly 1,000 application developers build and deploy on agile networks. Our global team of professional services experts is ready to help you with unparalleled support and consulting so you can get the most out of your network investment.
What we do:
Application Development and Delivery
Build your next communications application with Dialogic. We deliver both custom and pre-packaged applications, and offer solutions and services to securely and cost-effectively deploy your next application.
Rich Multimedia Applications
Dialogic is number one in the industry in software-based media processing solutions. Let us show you how our voice and video solutions can bring agility and flexibility to your network.
Seamless Connectivity
With Dialogic service provider infrastructure solutions for IMS/VoLTE and NGN networks, increase connectivity between mobile, fixed, next gen, and Over-the-Top players in an ecosystem that was not possible with legacy TDM and GRX networks.
Professional Services and Support
Dialogic Pro Services provide turnkey planning, deployment, optimization, and management of your network with a 24x7 global team of technical and operational experts.