Making Products that People Rely on Every Day
We are the largest integrated manufacturer of uncoated freesheet paper in North America, a leading manufacturer of papergrade, fluff and specialty pulp, and a producer of high-quality and innovative absorbent hygiene products. Learn more about Domtar by exploring the sections below:
Our Company
Approximately 10,000 employees make our products at 29 manufacturing facilities located around the world.
Since 1848, Domtar has had a history of growth and change.
Vision, Mission and Values
We’re not just a fiber company. We’re a company of fiber.
Montreal (Québec) H3A 1L6Domtar's Story Begins in 1848
The company we are today began in 1848 in England, when Henry Potter Burt founded Burt, Boulton Holding Ltd. By focusing on treating lumber to prevent decay, our business thrived as demand for railway ties and wharf pilings grew in Europe and North America.
Continued Expansion
Steady growth led to the founding of Dominion Tar and Chemical Company, Ltd., in 1903, which first operated as a coal tar distillation plant in Nova Scotia. As Canada’s economy industrialized, we continued to expand.
We established our headquarters in Montreal, Quebec, in 1914, incorporated as a Canadian company 15 years later, and sold shares to the public. We grew into one of Canada’s largest companies, with business interests ranging from chemicals to fine paper, consumer products to packaging.
We became known as Domtar Ltd. in 1965. Sales passed $1 billion (CDN) in 1977, and we changed our name to Domtar Inc.
Focus on Pulp and Paper
Domtar focused on pulp and paper in the 1990s, and continued to grow through acquisitions. 
We combined operations with Weyerhaeuser’s fine paper business to form Domtar Corporation in 2007, the largest integrated manufacturer and marketer of uncoated paper in North America and the second-largest in the world.
Growth Into Personal Care
Our Personal Care division was built through further acquisitions and investments between 2011 and 2014, broadening our business to make, sell and distribute absorbent hygiene products.
In 2016, the acquisition of Home Delivery Incontinence Supplies (HDIS) gave Domtar a direct-to-consumer channel for personal care products.
Today, 170 years since our beginning, Domtar employs 10,000 people, all of whom are dedicated to adapting and innovating to meet customers’ needs for paper, pulp and personal care products.
Contact Information
Corporate Offices
Montreal (Québec) H3A 1L6Driven to Improve Quality of Life
Domtar makes products that people around the world rely on every day. We design, manufacture, market and distribute a wide variety of pulp, paper and personal care products from copy paper to baby diapers.
But how we do things is as important as what we do. In every industry we serve, we continually find ways to do a better job. Develop a better product. Improve a manufacturing process. Manage natural resources responsibly and make the best use of every asset we have. We work efficiently, lead quietly and let our products and customer service do the talking.
Throughout our history, we’ve relied on our agility to meet the demands of an evolving world. Today, our spirit of innovation drives deliberate improvement and our commitment to caring runs deep. We constantly find better ways to serve our customers, support our employees and strengthen our communities. It’s just our way of doing things.  
Pulp and Paper Division
We are the largest integrated manufacturer and marketer of uncoated freesheet paper in North America, and one of the largest manufacturers of pulp in the world. 
Our network of 13 pulp and paper mills and 10 paper converting facilities gives us 3 million tons of papermaking capacity and 1.8 million air-dried metric tons (ADMT) of market pulp capacity annually to help us to serve our customers, support our employees and strengthen our communities.
That’s how pulp and paper make life better every day.  
Personal Care Division
Domtar’s Personal Care division was created in 2011 with the purchase of Attends Healthcare, and has since grown through multiple strategic acquisitions and investments. Today, Domtar is a leading manufacturer of high-quality and innovative absorbent hygiene products with six manufacturing plants that serve customers primarily in North America and Europe.  
Each year we manufacture and ship millions of products for adults, babies and children that help improve their quality of life.
Our Locations
We make our products at 29 manufacturing facilities located around the world with a focus on safety, quality and sustainability.
We Make Life Better, Every Day
Domtar Personal Care – Who We Are
Our Personal Care division was established in 2011. We’ve built this business through a series of acquisitions, each with its own unique products and market focus. Our vision is to be a global leader in absorbent hygiene by meeting consumers diverse needs through effective, affordable and widely available personal care solutions.
Follow the Fiber: From North Carolina to New Zealand
A truck heads toward Domtar’s Plymouth Mill, loaded with 27 tons of pine pulpwood. It’s the kind of softwood fiber that’s perfect for making Lighthouse® Fluff Pulp.
Find out what it takes to transform fiber into pulp, and then into Attends® Soft incontinence pads at Domtar Personal Care’s Aneby, Sweden, plant.
Montreal (Québec) H3A 1L6Awards received by Domtar
Over the years, Domtar has been recognized on numerous occasions for its leadership, constant efforts in sustainability and occupational health and safety, as well as best employer. Here is an overview of recent awards we have received.
The Charlotte Business Journal's annual Healthiest Employers of Greater Charlotte Awards program honors local companies with outstanding health and wellness initiatives. 
Awarded by the Charlotte Business Journal - 2018
The Charlotte Business Journal’s Most Admired CEO program awards local leaders who have a strong vision for their companies, have shown commitment to culture in the workplace and made significant contributions to the community. Domtar's CEO, John Williams won the award for Public Company.
Awarded by Forbes - 2018
The ranking, which was compiled in collaboration with online research firm Statista, highlights 300 companies operating in Canada that have won the endorsement of their workers. Statista surveyed 8,000 Canadians working for large firms and institutions—those with 500 or more employees—in 25 industry sectors, asking them whether they would recommend their employers on a scale of 0 through 10, with 10 being the most positive. Respondents were surveyed through online access panels—not through their employers—and their gender, age, region, education level and ethnicity was representative of Canadian employees in general. Domtar is #186 on the list.
Domtar's 2017 Sustainability Report won in these two categories: Creativity in Communication and Openness & Honesty -
For the CRRA'18 Creativity in Communication category, voters were asked to choose the report that was a real pleasure to read, while at the same time getting its message across using creativity as a defining factor. CRRA'18 Openness & Honesty category, voters were asked to choose the report in which the company comes 'clean', telling both the good and bad news in a manner that convinces the reader a balanced picture is being presented.
Labor Cabinet Deputy Secretary Mike Nemes visited Domtar Mill in Hawesville to present a Governor’s Safety and Health Award for the 1,111,576 production hours worked without a lost-time incident by employees.
The chamber specifically noted the mill's agility and innovation around new product development and its close relationships with customers as driving factors in its continued viability in a competitive industry.
Awarded by Skillsoft - 2018
SkillSoft, our Learning Management System provider for My Knowledge Tree and a global leader in corporate learning, recognized Domtar with an Innovation Award.
This award honors an organization that develops and implements best-in-class integrated learning and/ or talent programs that demonstrate strong results. Programs feature innovation to overcome challenges and realize success.  
Domtar's award honors our Growing as a Supervisor program, a blend of in-person and online training that is bringing skills to frontline supervisors, who are crucial to the success of our manufacturing system.
Awarded by Pulp and Paper Technical Association of Canada (PAPTAC) - 2017
This award is in recognition of the mill's highest level of engagement with respect to environmental protection in the Canadian pulp and paper industry. Windsor Mill received this award because of its commitment to and progress toward improving its sustainability performance, including beneficially reusing 91 percent of manufacturing byproducts, generating more than 90 percent of energy from renewable resources and using 50 percent certified fiber in pulp and paper production.
Awarded by Workforce Solutions for the Heart of Texas - 2017
This organization represents six counties in central Texas. The Employer of the Year award, according to the organization, salutes an outstanding employer who, as a customer of and collaborator with Workforce Solutions, created or used innovative approaches to create jobs, foster economic development in the community, and/or improve the skills of its workforce.
The Large Employer of the Year award honors one private-sector employer with 500 employees or more whose efforts and initiatives resulted in an extraordinary impact on the state of Texas, as well as the employers, workers and community in which the employer operates.
The award acknowledges the efforts of a large employer that, as a customer of and collaborator with the Texas workforce system, has created or used innovative approaches to recruiting, training and retaining workers; upgrading worker skills; redesigning jobs; providing child care solutions; taking advantage of technology or collaborating and cooperating with the community.
The award focuses on employer excellence and operational results that benefit employers, workers and the local community, and assumes a close partnership with and successful use of Texas workforce system services.
Given by Pensions & Investments (P&I), an international newspaper on money management, the Eddy Awards were created to identify and reward the best practices in providing investment and retirement education to defined contribution (DC) plan participants, in the USA and in Canada.
The award requires significant investments in safety systems and heightened attention to workplace procedures, in addition to appropriate personal protective equipment.
Awarded by Quill - 2017
Quill.com, one of the largest online suppliers of office supplies honored Domtar with the award for creative new product designs and packaging concepts, which resulted in sales growth and customer satisfaction.
Awarded by St. Louis Post-Dispatch Newspaper - 2017
The newspaper chooses winners based on a survey of more than 35,000 people. HDIS has won this award for six consecutive years.
Contact Information
Corporate Offices
Montreal (Québec) H3A 1L6