A Greener World
Committed to cultivating and providing the highest quality cannabis and other agricultural products
Medical Cannabis
& Urban Agriculture
Terra Tech Corp is a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company. We’re pioneering the future by integrating the best of the natural world with technology to create sustainable solutions for medical cannabis production, extraction and distribution, plant science research and development, food production and Closed Environment Agriculture (CEA). Through this development, we have created relevant brands in both the cannabis and agriculture industries.
Committed to Cultivating and Providing
The Highest Quality Medical Cannabis
Through multiple subsidiaries in this space, we are committed to cultivating and providing the highest quality medical cannabis consistently delivered to qualified, registered medical marijuana establishments in the safest and most secure manner.
Our commitment to advancing research within the medical cannabis industry will lead our approach in cultivating and cross-breeding strains of medical cannabis that treat a variety of ailments. We are uniquely positioned to operate safe and successful medical cannabis cultivation facilities throughout the United States.
"U.S. Legal Pot Sales Expected to Hit $8 Billion Per Year By 2018"
-Huffington Post
Our Dispensary Model
Our dispensary model is simple: providing consistency in every patient experience. We are setting a higher standard for patients who utilize our dispensaries – they can expect the same look, feel, experience and strong sense of security at every location.
Regardless of the state or specific dispensary, patients will know they are obtaining the best product available on the market today.
Benefits of Cultivating Cannabis
With Our Superior Agriculture
We’ve harnessed the power of our superior agricultural experience to cultivate cannabis in state-of-the-art, environmentally controlled greenhouses. This positions us as the future sole leader in the booming cannabis market.
Our proven greenhouse growing systems perform reliably, sustainably and profitably:
Energy efficiency
offers operational
Up to
30% More
Sustainable Farming Is Our Passion
Our produce subsidiary, Edible Garden®, was founded to meet a growing demand from both retailers and consumers to have year-round access to culinary greens unaffected by unstable market forces.
The company is now a fast-growing family of co-op local growers across the United States, specializing in fresh, hydroponic, non-GMO produce, herbs and leafy greens. Their local farmers deliver the safest, most nutrient-rich products to the same convenient supermarkets where customers do their regular shopping. While other brands – including those certified organic – are often imported from outside the United States. Edible Garden®’s local farmers exclusively grow, pack and ship their own products. This business model allows for unsurpassed monitoring and quality assurance, from planting to delivery.
Our Products and Facilities are Certified Fresh from:
A Look Back As We Leap Forward
We have reached major milestones in the growth potential for Terra Tech, in
addition to groundbreaking changes in the medical cannabis industry.
Feb. 2012
June 2013
2013
More than doubled supermarket presence from 300 to 800 stores
June 2014
Oct. 2014
Nov. 2014
Dec. 2014
Dec. 2014
Dec. 2014
Launched IVXX™, one of the nations first brands of cannabis products
2014
2014 totals
Received over 200 media impressions in print, broadcast and internet
Giving Back
Our brands have a social mandate to give back. What does that mean? Well to us it doesn’t just mean writing a check, it means getting involved whether it be an environmental concern or social reform. Our people and our partners get involved with our efforts to change the lives of others. Below are a few of our favorite organizations. Take some time to get involved too!
Leadership
Our extensive experience and knowledge in agriculture positions us to create,
grow and sell the highest premium cannabis brand on the market.Our Mission
Our mission is to bring to market innovative agricultural products, to create a quality work environment for our employees, to offer our customers products they feel good about buying and to invest in our future.
Our Vision
Our vision is to help transform, through both innovation and brand development, the way we utilize plants to enhance both the well-being of our bodies and the sustainability of our planet.
Why We Wake Up In The Morning
To develop the best products we can and to use our company to push for environmental and social change.
Environmental Change
Our environmental resources are depleting at a rapid pace. We know there is a better way for industry and environment to coexist, and we are committed to work to that end. 
Social Change
Thousands of people are in prison for the production and distribution of cannabis in our country. Families are torn apart and lives have been ruined for growing a plant. Cannabis has changed the lives of sick patients, created jobs for the unemployed and injected our national, state and local economies with tax revenue. We are committed to help right the wrongs of the past and to develop a transparent and accountable cannabis community.