Kevin Kerrigan has over two decades of financial and operational leadership experience in both public and private companies. As CEO, Kerrigan oversees Egenera’s global operations.
Prior to Egenera, Kerrigan served as Vice President at First Marblehead, a financial services company that provides outsourcing services for private, non-governmental, education lending in the United States. During his tenure, he was a key member of the leadership that managed the company through significant growth as a new public company. Prior to First Marblehead, Kerrigan was the principal financial and accounting officer at Diacrin (acquired by GenVec), a publicly traded biotechnology company. He has also held positions in the audit divisions of Ernst & Young LLP and Price Waterhouse LLP.
Kerrigan has been a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts since 1996. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Massachusetts Society of Certified Public Accountants. He received a Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration from Merrimack College and a Masters in Taxation degree from Northeastern University.
Scott Geng, CTO & EVP, Engineering
As Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Engineering, Scott Geng has more than 20 years’ experience managing and designing software for mission-critical environments. He has deep experience in operating systems, distributed computing, clustering, high availability and middleware technologies. Geng has been instrumental in the design and development of Egenera’s PAN Manager architecture and has led the Egenera software team in delivering each release since the Company was founded.
Prior to joining Egenera, Geng managed the development of leading-edge operating systems and middleware products for Hitachi Computer Products, including development of the operating system for the world’s then-fastest commercial supercomputer and the first industry-compliant Enterprise JavaBeans Server. Geng has also held senior technical positions at IBM, where he served as advisory programmer and team leader in bringing UNIX to the mainframe; The Open Software Foundation, where he served as consulting engineer for the OSF/1 1.3 micro-kernel release; and Wang Laboratories, as principle engineer for the base kernel and member of the architectural review board.
Geng holds bachelor of arts and master of science degrees in computer science from Boston University.
Dan Busby, Vice President, Product Management
Dan Busby was one of Egenera’s first employees, leading the conceptual definition and development for the company’s inaugural product, Bladeframe, and a principle in many of the resulting patents. He is relied upon as an expert in Intel architecture based server technologies, datacenter facility technologies, regulatory compliance standards and user experience disciplines.
Since 2006, Busby has been responsible for product management and technical alliances that tracks target markets, industry trends and competitiveness, ensuring Egenera’s products meet market demands and customer expectations.
Prior to Egenera, Busby held engineering management positions at Apollo Computer, Hewlett Packard, Stratus Computer and Lucent technologies where he developed and released dozens of server and workstation products for use in offices and datacenters worldwide.
Scott Harris, Vice President, Services
Scott Harris is Vice President of Services at Egenera, and is responsible for all field engineering and support around the globe. With over 15 years of experience in managing service based IT environments, he has been an instrumental part of supporting Egenera’s Cloud Suite solutions in a vast array of customer environments.
In his career, Scott has held leadership roles in both consulting and IT for a variety of organizations and he attended Northeastern School of Industrial Engineering.
Rick Carbone, Vice President of Sales
With more than 36 years of enterprise computing and professional services sales leadership experience, Rick Carbone leads both the Direct and Indirect sales channels.
Prior to Egenera, Carbone served as Vice President, Sales for Unisys Northeast Region. During his tenure at Unisys, Carbone held key leadership positions in sales, sales operations, marketing, product management and channel development. In his most recent position, Carbone lead a team of Account Executives who consulted with clients to solve Mission Critical business issues through the implementation of enterprise computing technologies and professional services solutions.
Carbone holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Science from Kean University and has participated in several Executive Management Forums at Columbia University and The Wharton School of Business.
Minoru Ohki, President, Egenera K.K
As President of Egenera K.K, Minoru Ohki brings over 30 years’ experience in IT industries. He is responsible for oversight of Egenera’s Japanese market, including product sales and services, achieving 20 times the service revenue on behalf of Egenera for the past 5 years.
Ohki has previously held positions as a Sales Manager for DEC; President of Octel Japan; Sales Director at Lucent Technologies; President of Telemedia Japan; and Vice President of Sales for NCR.
Ohki holds a bachelor of law degree from Komazawa University.
Joe L’Italien, Vice President Channel Sales
Joe L’Italien has over two decades of sales management experience in technology startups and re-starts. Joe serves Egenera as the Vice President of Channel Sales helping partners drive better margins and revenue for their cloud businesses.
Prior to Egenera, L’Italien served security SaaS companies such as Avecto and BeyondTrust as well as IT Management companies DesktopStandard and NetManage. During his tenure at DesktopStandard, he was the SVP of Worldwide Sales and a key member of the leadership team that grew revenue into an acquisition by Microsoft. As VP of Sales at both Avecto and BeyondTrust, L’Italien’s teams drove revenue significantly to a point where these companies were acquired.
L’Italien has been building and managing direct and channel sales teams domestically and globally since 1992. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Merrimack College.
Share this:Egenera was founded in 2000 to deliver “tomorrow’s datacenter – today.” Since then we’ve been providing highly reliable, advanced server virtualization/converged infrastructure solutions. Building on this experience, we developed our Xterity Cloud Services platform.
Our Xterity Cloud platform provides an intuitive, drag-and-drop cloud management solution that simplifies all cloud workflow processes including customized server/solution design, deployment, bi-directional scalability, management, pricing, margin analysis, and billing.
Without the inherent complexities found in other cloud services, Xterity users are liberated to focus on providing higher value, higher margin services. Xterity Cloud Services combine the security and reliability of Tier 3 datacenters with enterprise-class hardware and software to deliver highly reliable private and public cloud IaaS services including bare metal, disaster recovery, backup, and migration. 24x7x365 support and assigned account management is included at no additional cost to help ensure success for our customers.
To learn more about our Xterity Cloud platform, please contact us at your convenience.
Share this: