About EMD
EMD Technologies is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of High-Voltage Advanced Power Electronics products since 1982.
Through our core competence in High-Voltage design, we bring to the market major technological breakthroughs based on a unique and patented very high frequency topology. Our generators reach performances unattainable by conventional X-ray generators.
Our products range from 30 kW to 100 kW and from 20 kV to 150 kV.
We aim to provide our Customers with superior service and full flexibility in support of a constantly shrinking market visibility.
EMD Technologies‘ mission is to create, develop and market innovative and efficient Advanced High-Voltage Power Electronics for the medical X-ray market and specialized High-Voltage applications.
Quality
EMD Technologies is committed to provide high quality products.
As a manufacturer of medical x-ray high-voltage generators, EMD Technologies is bound to meet and maintain the highest standards of Quality in the industry.
Quality starts at the design level and is maintained throughout the organization to achieve highly reliable and extremely performant products
Regulatory and Quality Approvals
ISO 13485:2016  (Certificate #0083422)
CE Mark  (Certificate #41312398)
Health Canada  (License #68072)
FDA  (Accession number 0411437-001)
Our products help save lives!
EMD Technologies is a leader in the design, manufacturing and marketing of electronic products targeted at medical X-ray fields such as radiography, mammography, fluoroscopy, angiography and CT.
Are you looking for a challenging career in a growing company designing products for worldwide customers?
Join a winning team!
Job Opportunities
POWER INVERTER MODULAR CONCEPT
The Power Inverter Modular concept stems from the DPS technology applied to High-Voltage X-ray Generators. The concept uses a patented IGBT resonator technology capable of oscillating at more than 100 kHz (up to 240 kHz output frequency) surpassing the competitor’s SCR, MOSFET Inverter or even conventional IGBT technology that works at dramatically lower frequencies.
The unique EMD’s variable frequency resonator produces a kV flatness waveform at very quick rise & fall times, thus lowering the soft radiation. This realization embodies other important technological achievements designed with innovative power switching inverter modules and a cascaded series of high frequency power transformers embedded in a solid dielectric high voltage unit.
DPS TECHNOLOGY
High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics, in opposition to traditional power electronics, includes intelligent interface (software) between raw power and electronic equipments and is also customizable, more reliable and more energy efficient.
Our Distributed Power Supply (DPS) technology uses high frequency power switching circuits and software-based control technologies to convert raw power into required output voltages and final applications. The principal feature of that technology is to deliver power in modular blocs where it is needed. The traditional way of other power electronics manufacturers is to have a dedicated power source for each device to be powered up.
The High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics allows the OEMs to configure their products accordingly with their needs. Furthermore, the patented DPS technology can easily be adapted to some other new target markets, such as Non Destructive Testing X-ray (NDT), X-ray Security, Medical CT Scanners, Ozone Purification, Fuel Cells, Battery Chargers and Solid State Lighting (SSL).
Contact Us
EMD Technologies
Copyright 2018 EMD Technologies Inc | All Rights Reserved
Conflict Mineral Policy • Images and graphics based on the original photography of Justin Bonneau