About
Company Overview
Envision Solar International, Inc. is a San Diego based sustainable technology innovation company. Envision distinguishes itself with unique and advanced renewably energized electric vehicle (EV) charging, media and branding and energy security systems. Our highly valuable and diverse product portfolio is based upon our patented EV ARC™ and Solar Tree® product lines. All of our products can be enhanced with EnvisionTrak™ patented solar tracking, ARC Technology™ energy storage, SunCharge™ Electric Vehicle Charging Stations and digital advertising packages.
At Envision Solar, we create unique products that bring value to three specific verticals, electric vehicle (EV) charging, media and branding systems and energy security. We chose these verticals because they are each experiencing rapid growth, have massive opportunities for scale and can benefit significantly from the introduction of intelligently engineered solar powered products. We’ve ensured that our products can simultaneously be rapidly deployed, offer meaningful financial returns and improve the environment. The growth rates in the EV charging infrastructure, outdoor media platforms and solar energy production are staggering. The amounts spent over the next few years will be in the multiples of billions and we believe that we have the most elegant and robust products in the industry to serve this growth.
We invent, engineer and manufacture products in our San Diego facility where our team of combat veterans, disabled workers and other valuable team members proudly integrate the highest quality components into our Made in America products. Our vision, experience and commitment to the environment and design has made us the market leader.
For more information, please see the following pages:
Drive on Solar, Thrive on Solar
Desmond Wheatley, President and CEO and Chairman
Wheatley joined Envision Solar as a consultant in 2010 and has served as the Company’s CEO since 2011 and as Chairman of the Board since 2016. He has two decades of senior international management experience in technology systems integration, energy management, communications and renewable energy. He was a founding partner in the international consulting practice Crichton Hill LLC. Prior to Crichton Hill, Wheatley was CEO of iAxis FZ LLC, a Dubai based alternative energy and technology systems integration company. From 2000 to 2007, he held a variety of senior management positions at San Diego based Kratos Defense and Security Solutions, fka Wireless Facilities with the last five years as President of ENS, the largest independent security and energy management systems integrator in the USA. Prior to ENS, Wheatley held senior management positions in the cellular and broadband wireless industries, deploying infrastructure and lobbying in Washington DC on behalf of major wireless service providers. Wheatley has founded, funded and operated four profitable start-up companies and was previously engaged in M&A activities. Wheatley evaluated acquisition opportunities, conducted due diligence and raised commitments of $500M in debt and equity.
Chris Caulson, Chief Financial Officer
Caulson brings close to 25 years of financial management experience, including security infrastructure and technology integration, wireless communications and telecommunications industries. From 2004 through 2009, he held various positions including Vice President of Operations and Finance of ENS, the largest independent Technology Systems Integrator in the United States and a wholly-owned division of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. In this role, Caulson was responsible for the operational and financial execution of multiple subsidiaries and well over $100 million of integration projects including networks for security, voice and data, video, life safety and other integrated applications. Prior to 2004, he was CFO of Titan Wireless, Inc., a $200 million international telecommunications division of the Titan Corp. (subsequently purchased by L-3.). Caulson, who has a BACC from the University of San Diego, began his career with the public accounting firm Arthur Andersen.
Rick Cunningham, Operations and Production Manager
Cunningham served close to 30 years in the United States Marine Corps, before retiring as a Sergeant Major in July 2012. From August 2012 to February 2015, he held positions as Director of Public Relations and Associate Director of The Angel’s Depot, a San Diego North County non-profit and Operations Manager for the Precision Repair Network in San Diego, California. Cunningham was Envision Solar’s Operations Coordinator and Procurement Manager, before assuming his current role as Operations and Production Manager in July 2015. Cunningham brings a wide variety of operational, procurement and administrative management experience to the Envision Solar team.
Pat Senatore, Lead Systems Engineer
Erick Castro, Fabrication Manager
Board of Directors
Bob Schweitzer, Director
Schweitzer has served as a director and executive in business and financial organizations for the past 44 years. He has held board positions with five public and four private companies. He is currently the Chairman of the Board at PetMeds (NASDAQ:PET) where he also serves as compensation committee chair and on the audit, nominating and investment committees. He is the lead independent board member and audit and compensation committee chair for Blink Charging Inc. (NASDAQ:BLNK) and the lead independent board member and audit committee chair for OmniComm Systems (OTCQX:OMCM). Schweitzer has held senior executive positions at Shay Investment Services, Equinox Bank, Union Planters Bank, Bank of America, Coopers and Lybrand, First National Bank of Chicago and Wachovia Corporation. Schweitzer is a retired US Navy Captain, who held six command assignments and was the FEMA representative for Florida. Previously he was a lieutenant and nuclear plant lead engineer/instructor on the nuclear-powered submarine, USS Lafayette. Since 2012, Mr. Schweitzer formed and currently serves as CEO of RCS Mediation & Consulting Services. In this capacity, he serves as a certified circuit civil mediator for the Florida Supreme Court as well as a certified FINRA arbitrator, a certified Appellate Court mediator and a mediator for the Office of Financial Regulation for Florida. He is also on the roster of the American Arbitration Association.
Tony Posawatz, Director
Posawatz currently serves as President & CEO of Invictus iCAR LLC (an automotive innovation consulting and advisory firm focused on assisting a number of energy & auto clean tech companies). He has served as President & CEO of Fisker Automotive (founded in late 2007 and producer of the award-winner Karma plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, now called Karma Automotive) from August 2012 to August 2013, leading the company’s turnaround efforts which culminated in the sale of the Department of Energy (DoE) loan to new owners. He also served on the Fisker Auto – Board of Directors during this timeframe and currently serves on a number of other Boards including INRIX, Nexeon, SAFE – Electrification Coalition, Envision Solar International, Spiers New Technologies, Momentum Dynamics (Chairman-Tech), etc.
Peter W. Davidson, Director
Peter W. Davidson is Co-founder and CEO of the Aligned Intermediary (AI), an investment advisory group created to help large scale, long-term investors (LTIs) channel significant amounts of institutional capital into resource innovation. Prior to AI, Davidson was the Executive Director of the Loan Programs Office (LPO) at the U.S. Department of Energy. Appointed to that position by President Obama in May 2013, he oversaw the program’s $30 billion portfolio. Before LPO, Davidson was the Executive Director of New York State’s Empire State Development Corporation. Prior to entering government service, Davidson founded and/or managed six media companies. Since 2001, Davidson has also been chairman of the JM Kaplan Fund, a family foundation with over $150 million in assets. Earlier in his career, Davidson was an executive in the investment banking division of Morgan Stanley & Co. He holds a BA from Stanford University and an MBA from the Harvard Business School. For the past 25 years, Davidson has lived in Brooklyn, NY, where he also serves on a number of boards of local Brooklyn institutions.
Desmond Wheatley, Director
See Bio Above
MADE IN AMERICA