E Solar offers tailored solution according to the client best interest and needs.
 Due to the current Dilemma of power source generation all over the world encouraging to go green depending on renewable energy sources.
 The birth of E Solar was founded in September 2014 after more than 5 years of deep and intensive studies for the renewable Energy technology all over the world
With the most of European countries already depending on solar power generation of electricity as one of its strategic source to generate power     E Solar started with 100,000,000 EGP capital,In addition to the highest calibers and expertise in the solar industry to present excellent service level of solar power integrated solution.
Integrity
We believe this is the key to any successful relationship. It is important to ESolar that our clients and team members have a strong foundation of trust in each other.
Ethical Conduct
We believe this is the cornerstone of good business.
We are committed to honesty and high morals in all deals, both internally and externally.
Why solar ?
Sustainable Energy
Noise free-Energy.
Pollution free-Energy.
Low Maintenance Cost comparing to diesel generator .
Cost effective: it save 60 to 70 %. Long life for solar power plant 20-25 years.
Available for residential, commercial and utility projects.
Why E Solar?
 Deliver the services for our clients with Creative, Experienced, professional Team.
Full-turnkey solutions provider
Provide innovative tailored technical and financial solutions for our client.
Outstanding service
Quality
Delivery on Time,Handling whole supply chain and delivery time.
CEO
CEO and Co.founder of Evergorw group for special fertilizers with his clear vision, determination and continuous upgrading with latest technology in the world he managed to gain a market share 60% of the Egyptian market .
Eng.Ibrahim Elfeky
Managing Director
With more than 20 years experience in Electrical Engineering, he used this experience to get in touch with top rated companies in Solar world manufacturing to offer an optimum solutions From Esolar to Egypt
Eng.Mohamed Galal
Director of Operation
More than 10 years Experience in Sales , Marketing and Operation Management Qualified him to Present Esolar in the market with innovative and effective plans to gain the targeted market share in the Egyptian market
Social Media:
Business hours
Fri Off
About us
E Solar offers tailored solution according to the client best interest and needs.