Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
NKT Photonics is the leading supplier of high performance fiber lasers, fiber optic sensing systems, and photonic crystal fibers. Our main markets are within imaging, sensing and material processing. Our products include ultrafast lasers, supercontinuum white light lasers, low noise fiber lasers, distributed temperature sensing systems and a wide range of specialty fibers. NKT Photonics has its headquarters in Denmark with sales and service worldwide. NKT Photonics is wholly owned by NKT Holding A/S.
We have lasers in space and deep under the oceans and our products run in both clean rooms and on oil rigs at sea. We seed the World’s largest laser fusion experiment and power hundreds of the most advanced microscopes on the Globe. We aim to make a difference in the World and we are involved in projects that will transform the way we live through life-science, renewable energy and the basic understanding of the Universe. With over fifteen years of expertise, IP and experience, NKT Photonics strives to continually be the market leader in everything we do.
Vision
Mission
We will lead the transformation of photonics products by setting new standards for fiber lasers and systems.
Our products must have volume potential and key optical functionalities embedded in optical fibers.
We will strive to become the market leader, wherever we engage.
Hereby we will create a scalable and truly commercial business for us and our customers.
ISO certification
All NKT Photonics products are produced under our certified quality management system certified in accordance with the ISO 9001 standard. Download our  ISO 9001_certificate .Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
1891
Nordiske Kabel og Traadfabriker (today NKT) was founded by Prior in 1891 and has been a listed company since 1898.
Over the next 90 years the company grew into one of Denmark’s foremost industrial enterprises, with focus on cable production (electricity, power and telecommunication cables), but also active in the production of nails, screws and other hardware for the Danish market.
1980
NKT starts production of optical fibers in Denmark. In 1987 NKT and AT&T creates a joint venture under the name LYCOM. LYCOM later becomes part of Lucent Technologies, Lucent Technologies Denmark, the predecessor of OFS Fitel Denmark.
1997
The first Koheras low-noise single-frequency fiber lasers were introduced into the market
2000
NKT establishes several R&D companies. Among them are Crystal Fibre and Koheras (Ionas at the time) that would form the foundation of NKT Photonics.
NKT divests GiGA to Intel
The first commercial photonic crystal fibers were introduced into the market by Crystal Fibre
2003
The first SuperK supercontinuum white light lasers were introduced into the market.
2004
2005
Acquisition of LG Laser GmbH and later establishing NKT Photonics GmbH
2007
2009
Crystal Fibre – the largest commercial supplier of microstructured specialty fiber and Koheras – the leading company within low noise lasers and SuperK supercontinuum white light lasers, merge and become NKT Photonics.
Establishing NKT Photonics Inc.
2013
The first Koheras lasers are sent into space as part of ESA’s magnetic field mission, Swarm.
2014
German DTS specialists LIOS Technology becomes part of NKT Photonics
NKT Photonics acquires UK fiber laser manufacturer Fianium
2017
NKT Photonics acquires Swiss ultrafast laser manufacturer Onefive and pulsed laser diode specialists Advanced Laser Diode Systems, ALS.Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
Our Values – Dream Design Deliver
Our Values – Dream Design Deliver
At NKT Photonics we don’t just supply lasers and sensing systems, we design solutions that bring our customers closer to their goal. Closer to their dream. And we deliver what we promise. Always. We call this concept “Dream Design Deliver” and it has made us one of the fastest growing companies in the laser industry.
Dream
State of the art: We want to be a state of the art supplier; Continuously on the technical forefront of commercial products.
Teamwork & collaboration: We encourage teamwork and collaboration across all organizational, geographical and cultural boundaries.
Customer value: By focusing all processes around our customers, we want to become the preferred partner for our customers and set new standards for value of commercial fiber lasers.
Benefit of mankind: We will design products that enables commercial and technological breakthroughs that benefit mankind.
Design
Smart: We will be smarter than our competition in every aspect of our organization and products.
Simple & Ready to Use: We will provide a robust and simplified systems that are ready to use.
Modularized: All products must be modularized so that components and sub-systems can be reused between product lines.
Deliver
Lean: We will all constantly improve the quality of our processes, products and services. We will do it with open minds to learn and evolve.
Agile: We will adapt fast to changes to maximize our performance.Measured by ability for fast turnaround of off-track projects
Honest: We will be honest in everything we do and keep our promises in all situations.Measurement on delivery on time and project execution
Reliable: We will deliver reliable products of high quality and we will be a reliable partner for our customers.