Galectin Therapeutics is pursuing therapies for indications in which galectins have a demonstrated role in the pathogenesis of directly involved in multiple inflammatory, fibrotic, and malignant diseases. We focus on diseases with serious, life-threatening consequences to patients, and those where current treatment options are limited. Our strategy is to establish clinical development approaches that add value to the Company in the shortest time possible, and to seek partners as the program advances and requires much greater resources.
Galectin Therapeutics leverages extensive scientific and development expertise as well as established relationships with outside sources to achieve cost effective and efficient development. The lead development program is in non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) with cirrhosis, the most advanced form of NASH related fibrosis. This is the most common liver disease and one of the largest drug development opportunities available today. Additional development programs are in treatment of severe atopic dermatitis, moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis, and in combination immunotherapy for advanced melanoma and other malignancies.
© 2018 Galectin Therapeutics Inc. - All Rights ReservedHarold H. Shlevin, Ph.D.
President and chief executive officer
Dr. Shlevin is a bioscience industry executive with 25 years of senior management experience in the development and commercialization of pharmaceuticals, diagnostics and vaccines.  Before joining Galectin Therapeutics, Dr. Shlevin led Georgia Institute of Technology’s Advanced Technology Development Center (ATDC) as principal and manager of bioscience commercialization efforts, where he served as a catalyst for new bioscience startup companies. His leadership roles have included president and chief executive officer of Solvay Pharmaceuticals; co-founder of CIBA Vision Ophthalmics, a specialty ophthalmic drug company, where he headed efforts leading to the approval of the first non-steroidal agent for treatment of ocular inflammation and several other drug products; founder, president and chief executive officer of Tikvah Therapeutics, a company focused on clinical development of therapeutics for treatment of neurological diseases; and vice president and head of operations and commercial development for Altea Therapeutics Corporation, a clinical-stage drug delivery company with platform technology applicable to the transdermal delivery of biologics.  Dr. Shlevin earned his B.A. from Boston University and M.S. and Ph.D. in physiology from the University of Rochester Medical School. He completed post-doctoral training in pharmacology at Mayo Clinic where he subsequently served as assistant professor of pharmacology and physiology. He is a member of scientific and business societies including the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Licensing Executives Society, American Physiological Society, American Society of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics, and is an inventor on several issued and pending patents.
Jack W. Callicutt, CPA
Chief financial officer
Mr. Callicutt has over 24 years of public and private company experience including more than a decade of audit, tax and SEC registrant experience with a major accounting firm. He was most recently chief financial officer for REACH Health, Inc., a telemedicine firm, where he completed a $4 million private placement. Previous positions include chief financial officer of Vystar Corporation, a public medical device company whose latex products are devoid of antigenic proteins, where he led all areas of financial reporting, accounting, treasury, risk management and administration and secured over $4.5 million in financing. Previous experiences also include chief financial officer roles at private companies including IVOX and Tikvah Therapeutics, and at Coratus Genetics, a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company. Mr. Callicutt is a certified public accountant and graduated cum laude with a B.B.A. degree in accounting and computer science from Delta State University.
Rex Horton
Executive director of regulatory affairs and quality assurance
Mr. Horton is an experienced industry professional with 20 years of management and leadership experience in global regulatory affairs matters including drugs, biologics and vaccines. He has broad range of regulatory affairs and quality leadership experience that is directly relevant to Galectin Therapeutics’ development programs, with expertise spanning preclinical development through new drug approvals in diverse therapeutic areas, including gastroenterology. He was most recently was director of regulatory affairs at Chelsea Therapeutics, where he successfully led the organization through its first NDA filing and favorable FDA Advisory Committee Meeting. In past leadership roles at Solvay Pharmaceuticals and Abbott Laboratories, he led approval efforts for key products including Androgel® Stickpack, Creon® Capsules and Luvox® CR Capsules. He has also provided chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC) regulatory leadership and support of INDs and NDAs, including Estrogel® and Androgel® Pump. Mr. Horton was a member of the executive leadership team that successfully implemented solutions to significant regulatory issues encountered by Solvay in its interactions with the FDA. He earned his Bachelor’s degree in industrial/manufacturing and systems engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is a member of the Regulatory Affairs Professional Society (RAPS), Drug Information Association (DIA) and American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS).
Adam E. Allgood, Pharm.D., R.Ph.
Executive director of clinical development
Dr. Allgood is an experienced industry professional with more than 28 years of pharmaceutical industry experience in effectively designing, implementing, monitoring, and directing clinical programs in all four phases of clinical development, ranging from Phase 1 first-in-human trials to large global Phase 3 clinical trials and post marketing trials. His therapeutic expertise spans a variety of therapeutic areas including gastroenterology, and encompasses clinical trial leadership, key opinion leader interface, significant contract research organization management experience, clinical trial investigator training, and clinical advisory board responsibilities. In addition, Dr. Allgood has extensive clinical research and/or regulatory experience in immunology, rheumatology, neurology, and women’s health. Dr. Allgood most recently was associate director of global pharmaceutical regulatory affairs at UCB Inc., a multinational biopharmaceutical company. His prior positions include leadership roles at Abbott Laboratories and Solvay Pharmaceuticals in regulatory affairs, clinical development and medical affairs. Dr. Allgood earned his Doctor of Pharmacy (Pharm.D.) degree summa cum laude from Mercer University College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences in Atlanta and is a Registered Pharmacist (R.Ph.). He is a member of the American Pharmacists Association (APHA), the Georgia Pharmacy Association (GPHA), and the Association of the United States Army (AUSA).
Eliezer Zomer, Ph.D.
Vice President, discovery research and product development
Dr. Zomer is the founder of Alicon Biological Control, where he served from 2000 to 2002. He was vice president of product development at SafeScience, Inc., from 1998 to 2000, and from 1987 to 1998 was vice president of research and development at Charm Sciences, Inc. Dr. Zomer received a B.Sc. degree in industrial microbiology from the University of Tel Aviv, a Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Massachusetts in 1978, and completed his post-doctoral study at the National Institutes of Health.
© 2018 Galectin Therapeutics Inc. - All Rights Reserved