Committed to making a positive impact on the lives of patients
~3,300
Global employees working at the forefront of healthcare and biotechnology
100+
1000s
of patients around the world who inspire us daily
As the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, our work is focused in the areas of rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, oncology, and immunology. Each day we continue to advance new therapies, demonstrating our commitment to making a positive impact on the lives of patients around the world.
The evolution of Sanofi Genzyme
Learn about our background, evolution, and business priorities, as well as key facts and figures.
Our executive leaders bring a breadth and depth of knowledge and experience to guide our business and key areas of focus.
Working at Sanofi Genzyme
Why work here? Because it's more than a job. It's the opportunity to build a rewarding career at a company that's as committed to our employees as we are to our patients.
Sanofi Genzyme 2018 brochure
We are the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, focused on rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, oncology and immunology.
© 2018 Genzyme Corporation. All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.As the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, we are focused on rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, immunology, and oncology. More than 30 years since we began, we remain just as committed to and passionate about advancing therapies that offer hope to patients and families.
Our approach is shaped by a long history of developing highly specialized treatments and forging close relationships with physician and patient communities. Founded as Genzyme in Boston in 1981, we rapidly grew to become one of the world’s leading biotechnology companies, recognized for our pioneering development of treatments for rare genetic disorders and our innovative contributions to medical science and biomanufacturing.
Genzyme became part of Sanofi in 2011. While continuing to focus on rare diseases, we also established ourselves as a leader in the field of multiple sclerosis. In 2016, our focus expanded to include Sanofi’s programs in oncology and immunology.
Spirit of Hope - A History of Genzyme 1981-2012
As a pioneer of the biotechnology movement in the early 1980s, Genzyme has always been driven by cutting-edge science and a commitment to developing treatments for unmet medical needs. In this video, former CEO David Meeker, former CEO Henri Termeer, and patients share how Genzyme has continued to build on this foundation over the past three decades.
Our ambition is to be the industry leader in specialty care. We currently provide more than 20 treatments to patients globally, with many potential new therapies being studied in clinical trials and in Sanofi laboratories.
Driven by our commitment to patients, we strive to develop strong relationships with our patient communities, listening to their perspectives so that we can truly understand their needs. These collaborations continue to guide and motivate us as we work to push the boundaries of medicine and technology to develop new and better therapies where none existed before.
Corporate   responsibility
© 2018 Genzyme Corporation. All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.﻿
Finally, at the age of twelve, after several visits to various physicians, Paula was diagnosed with Mucopolysaccharidosis I (MPS I), an inherited genetic disorder caused by a deficiency in an enzyme called alpha-L-iduronidase. Globally, MPS I occurs in about 1 in every 100,000 births.
While the news was hard for Paula and her family to accept, they were also relieved to finally have a concrete reason for years of unexplained symptoms. A confirmed diagnosis meant Paula was able to begin treatment for the symptoms that had afflicted her since childhood.
Five years after her diagnosis, Paula was accepted to our Humanitarian program. The primary goal of the program is to deliver enzyme replacement therapy, to the best of our ability, to patients with lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs) who have a demonstrated need in certain circumstances where treatment access is limited.
With more than 30 patients enrolled at any given time, Brazil is one of the largest countries in our humanitarian program. In Brazil the program is primarily used as a bridge to reimbursement.
Now 28 years old, Paula has graduated from university with a degree in psychology.
SAUS.MPSI.18.05.2775
© 2018 Genzyme Corporation. All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.