 Questions? 
Contact Us
Partner Sign-in
MENU
Home
About
Tech
Industries
Products
Blog
Resources
Contact
About Us
Our 
Philosophy
We strive to teach as many people as possible about the risks of microorganisms in water systems and what can be done about them.  It’s our vision to be your first line of defense.  To achieve that, we provide fast and simple solutions to microbiological problems in water.  Our message is simple: if you do not measure it, you cannot control it.
We work hard to help our customers gain more information and fix problems.  We are innovators, striving continually to improve our products.  We happily spend time providing straightforward training tools, data analysis assistance and accessible, personalized support to our customers and partners around the globe.
Through fast and operator-friendly microbiological measurement tools, we give you an accurate answer to the most critical question: 
Am I in Control of Microorganisms?
Careers
News & Awards
Our Story
Learn the history of our journey to make LuminUltra the first line of defense against microorganisms in water.
TODAY
2018
Happy 15
th
 Birthday!
We’re celebrating 15 years of creating user-friendly microbial monitoring solutions.
2017
LuminUltra Cloud is now available on the App Store and Google Play.
2017
We’re happy to announce the launch of LuminUltra Academy – our online training & certification center for customers and partners.
2016
Our customer base and sales network spans North America to Asia and all points in between, and we are poised to change the game once again with many new products soon to launch.
2015
LuminUltra’s staff grows to 33 employees and counting.
2014
Secured the world’s largest water test kit provider – Hach – as a distributor in North America.
2013
Launched the PhotonMaster luminometer to the market.
2012
Moved into a new facility to expand production and meet growing demand.
2010/11
Secured international distributors in multiple regions, including India, China, Australia, and New Zealand.
2008
Successfully secured a number of distributors in and around North America, and began selling products to the upstream oil & gas sector.
2007
Formed software division for construction of new cloud software platforms.
2006
Signed our exclusive European distributor, Aqua-tools. Product demand begins to grow.
2005
Launched solutions for drinking water and industrial water treatment applications.
2003
LuminUltra Technologies Ltd. is officially born.
1995-2002
Carried out research, validation and field verification of our 2
nd
 Generation ATP technology for wastewater applications.
OUR BEGINNING
 1995
Executive
Pat Whalen, P. Eng.
President & CEO
Derek Dalton
VP Marketing & Sales
Christy Bitcon
Senior Director of HR
Neil Sharma
VP Product Development
Senior Management
Derek Dunn, P. Eng.
Senior Director of R&D and Commercialization
Dave Tracey, P. Eng.
Director of Strategic Sales Channels
Steven Douglass
Director of Enablement
Derek Pleadwell
Director of Product Marketing
Sales & Applications
Glenn Garson
Senior Account Manager - Oil & Gas
Shawn Watkins
Key Account Manager - Industrial
Greg Hood
Key Account Manager - NalcoChampion/Ecolab Oil & Gas
Anna Whittaker
Regional Sales Manager - Europe
Arthur Kokolekos
Regional Sales Manager - APAC
Jordan Schmidt, PhD
Applications Manager
Brad McIlwain, P.Eng.
Application Engineer
Adam Barnett
Account Manager
Our
 Community
One of LuminUltra’s core values is community, which we consider to encompass our staff, our partners, our customers, and the market in which we all operate.  Our network is global with partners and customers in 60 different countries on every continent except for Antarctica, spanning from small rural municipalities to Fortune 500 companies and everything in between.  It is our belief that all stakeholders in our community should have access to the information and resources that they need to successfully apply our solutions whenever they require, and that all stakeholders have an opportunity to contribute to our continued advancement and innovation.  At LuminUltra, our objective is to continually innovate by refining and streamlining our solutions to deliver maximum value to our customers.
OUR FOOTPRINT IS GLOBAL
25+
TRUSTED PARTNERS
1000's
OF SATISFIED CLIENTS
15
YEARS IN BUSINESS
Want to join 
LuminUltra's Sales Partner Community?
Join now
Trusted by Thousands of Clients 
Worldwide
.
Previous
Next
The ATP testing is going great.  We are effectively using it to help determine if nitrification is taking place in areas of our distribution system.  We typically will see high nitrite levels and have to wait 7 days for our HPC (R2A) results.  The ATP test is giving us results that same day.
Jeff Czarnecki
Laboratory Manager, Greenville Water – Greenville, South Carolina, USA
Aurora Water (Aurora, CO) has been using LuminUltra’s test to measure and monitor Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) in the biofiltration process at the Binney Water Purification Facility (BWPF) since April 2012. This easy to perform test allows BWPF staff to quickly determine ATP levels on the biofilter GAC during start-up of the processes, as well as during routine operation.
Pamela Benskin
Sr. QC Analyst, Aurora Water – Aurora, Colorado, USA
I was amazed at the fact that we could measure total microorganisms in a matter of minutes…
M. Lee Thorton
Thorton, Musso & Bellemin Inc. – Zachary, Louisiana, USA
LuminUltra’s ATP technology as advertised should be considered as the “1
st
 Line of Defense” tool of choice and first primary testing tool for microbial activity.
Johnny D Richard
Owner, Real World Surveillance – Summit, Mississippi, USA
ATP has assisted us in maintaining bioreactor performance.  We recommend this technology to any facility looking to improve process control and plant stability.
Jeanie Grandstaff
Hopewell Regional Wastewater Treatment Facility – Hopewell, Virginia, USA
They are the only ATP test kit manufacturer that has developed a family of test kits – each optimized for a range of applications. They are also the only ATP test kit manufacturer with an ATP method that differentiates bacteria from fungi. They are undoubtedly head and shoulders above other ATP test kit manufacturers.
Frederick J. Passman, Ph.D., CMFS, FASTM, FSTLE
President Biodeterioration Control Associates, Inc.
The decision to use LuminUltra products was easy as they have positioned themselves as the industry leader in ATP testing due to their pioneering techniques and continued level of accuracy.
Eric Duderstadt
Chemist / Biologist, Water Systems Engineering, Inc. – Kansas, USA
Find your 
industry
below to learn more.
Drinking Water
Wastewater Treatment
Upstream Oil & Gas
Petroleum & Fuel
Cooling Water Systems
Industrial Process Fluids
Metalworking Fluids
Product Preservation
ABOUT US
LuminUltra is a global ﬁrm with customers and sales network partners spanning from North America to Asia and all points in between. Since our initial launch in 2003, we’ve converted our line of test kits into solutions tailored to speciﬁc applications for monitoring and controlling microbes in drinking water, manufacturing industries, energy applications and wastewater treatment.
QUICK LINKS
Quick Start
LuminUltra Academy
LuminUltra Cloud
Case Studies
Partner Community Section
TWITTER FEED
CONTACT US
Headquarters
LuminUltra Technologies Ltd.
 520 King Street,
 Fredericton, New Brunswick
 Canada, E3B 6G3
Email
Send Message
Phone
+1 (506) 459-8777
Newsletter
© 2018 LuminUltra 
|
Careers
|
Press Kit
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms and Conditions
|