Home
About
Message From the CEO
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
How We Work
Investors
Biropepimut-S (GL-0817)
GL-2045
Science
Preclinical Compounds
Scientific Publications
Intellectual Property
Founding Scientist
News
Contact Us
Careers
Menu
About
You are here:
Home
/
About
Gliknik is a privately held biopharmaceutical company working to ease human suffering by creating new therapies for people living with cancer and immune disorders. The Gliknik team combines scientific expertise with business acumen and deep experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. Gliknik currently has two novel drugs in clinical trials and others being advanced preclinically. The company has a shared commitment to always trying to do the right thing. Inspired by a wish to apply cutting-edge science to ease human suffering, the company’s mission is to discover and develop truly innovative biologics for people living with cancer and immune disorders.
Message From the CEO
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
How We Work
Investors
Terms of Use
Gliknik
®
, stradomer™, stradobody™ and the Gliknik logo are registered trademarks of Gliknik Inc.
                        
Website Design & Development, 
Graphic Beans
Scroll to topYou are here: Home / About / How We Work
The Gliknik approach is based on an unshakeable core commitment to scientific rigor in discovering and in developing innovative biologics for individuals with autoimmune diseases and cancer. We believe in:
extensively testing a compound before we are committed to its further development,
using multiple outside investigators to replicate each other’s work, and
leveraging multiple preclinical models because no one model perfectly mimics the human condition.
We are willing to take on big challenges which we pursue with scientific vigilance. Our investors appreciate this careful approach and encourage us to follow this path of scientific pursuit.
Gliknik®, stradomer™, stradobody™ and the Gliknik logo are registered trademarks of Gliknik Inc.