Find out more
Greyrock is committed to solving key environmental and energy challenges through application of its innovative technical solutions.
For many decades to come, the world will continue to rely on liquid fuels (gasoline and diesel) for transportation. Producing clean burning, premium fuels from waste and alternative feedstocks will be key to meeting the world’s increasing energy needs in an environmentally friendly manner.
Greyrock’s industry leading Direct Fuel Production™ systems produce premium, clean burning liquid fuels from alternative and waste resources including flare gas, natural gas, carbon dioxide, and other materials.
Contact Us today to see how Greyrock can service your needs.
Greyrock History
2006 to 2007
Greyrock develops GreyCat™ catalyst that enables elimination of wax refining – a major unit operation required in GTL.
2008 to 2010
First pilot plant operations, focusing on reactor design, controls, and systems integration using GreyCat™ catalyst.
2011 to 2015
Greyrock builds and operates the largest commercial demonstration unit of its kind in North America.
2016 –
Greyrock Capabilities
Project Equity
Robert Schuetzle
Previously founded and sold high technology companies
Mechanical Engineering, University of Michigan
Dr. Dennis Schuetzle
Head of R&D international for Ford Motor Company
PhDs in engineering and chemistry
Extensive work in China at Ford Motor Company
Dr. Charles Williamson
Chairman and CEO Unocal, acquired by Chevron in for $18 billion US
Lead Director PACCAR
Lead Director, Former Chairman Weyerhaeuser
Chairman of Talisman Energy for six years until their acquisition by Repsol in 2016 for $13 billion US
Andrew Hinkley
Former Executive head Anglo American Platinum Marketing
Previously 20 years at Ford Motor Company
Extensive global experience in finance, purchasing, strategy and new market development
Pat Bolin
Executive chairman of Eagle Oil & Gas Co., co-founded the company in 1976
Principal in Sterling Private Capital
He is also an active member of the Dallas Wildcat Committee, where he has served as chairman, as well as other various leadership roles.