Inventors, Disruptors and Rock Stars
HARMAN is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.
Inventors, Disruptors and Rock Stars
HARMAN is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.
HARMAN engineers solutions to enhance life’s experiences, simplifying the way people interact with technology and connecting them to the world around them.
Overview
Chances are HARMAN and its innovative brands have already touched your life today.
HARMAN designs and engineers connected products and solutions for automakers, consumers, and enterprises worldwide, including connected car systems, audio and visual products, enterprise automation solutions; and connected services.  Our talented workforce and innovation strength create value for our stakeholders by enabling rich experiences through the connected car, connected enterprise and connected lifestyle.
Audiophiles from every generation call on HARMAN to deliver the best in sound in the studio and on the stage, at home and on the go. HARMAN’s portfolio of legendary audio brands includes AKG®, Harman Kardon®, Infinity®, JBL®, Lexicon®, Mark Levinson®and Revel®. More than 50 million vehicles on the road today enjoy an enhanced driving experience, thanks to HARMAN audio and infotainment. We extend the same spirit of innovation to the world’s leading performance and sporting venues, providing everyone with the best seats in the house.
Seizing the rich opportunities of today’s global markets requires more than legendary sound. HARMAN has reshaped our organization and cost structure to make the Company more agile in a changing world and addressed the rising importance of highly integrated, software-rich products and services. Most importantly, our track record of innovation, which has distinguished HARMAN and its premium audio and infotainment brands for more than 60 years, continues.
Vision & Mission
To make life more connected, entertaining, personalized and productive.
At HARMAN, we combine passion and purpose to design and deliver smart products, systems, software and services that connect people wherever they are. We lead with integrity, innovate with intention, and drive operational excellence to inspire breakthrough performances that generate customer value and strong shareholder returns.
Values
INTEGRITY
Inclusion
Teamwork & Respect
Excellence
Search form