IE7 Detected
Please note:
Internet Explorer 8.0 or higher
, 
Firefox
, 
Chrome
, or 
Safari
Distributor Log in Sign up
Email Address
Password
Forgot your password?
Click here
Distributor Login 
Home
About
News
Events
Specials
Rapid HS
Contact
Products 
Store
Resources
About Ampak

  			  Since 1966, the Ampak equipment brand has been a leader in skin packaging and vertical bagging technology. Ampak products offer a complete line of skin packaging, vertical bagging, blister packaging, and die cutting systems.
  			
In 1994, 
Heat Seal
 purchased Ampak, a leading manufacturer of Skin Packaging machinery and related products. This acquisition allowed Heat Seal to bypass years of product development and immediately become a full line industrial packaging machinery source.
AMPAK was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1966 as the original manufacturer of Skin packaging machinery and vertical bagger machinery. To this day, Ampak 
skin packaging
 and vertical baggers set the standard of quality and value in the industry.
Ampak's complete line of 
skin packaging machines
 is of the highest quality and the easiest to use and can function as standalone units or be integrated with automatic infeed and outfeed systems, along with die cutters to automate the skin packaging process. The Shipmate or Master skin packaging machines can also be used as thermoforming machines and coupled with a die cutter to create your own blisters. All Ampak skin packaging machines use the energy efficient patented Spirad™ instant heater elements.
Skin Packaging
About HEAT SEAL

	Heat Seal manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries.  Heat Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve.  All products are manufactured in Cleveland, Ohio.

READ MORE >>
HEAT SEAL, LLC
Home
About HEAT SEAL
About AMPAK
Products
Warranty
Rapid HS
Heat Seal Events
Specials & Promotions
About Heat Seal
Applications
News
Shrink Applications
Skin Applications
Bundling Applications
Energy Smart®
RS-5 Plus Digital Controller
Energy Smart Technical Information
HDX Combo Line
ScaleMate®
Resources
Legal info
Contact
Site Map
Distributor Login
Distributor Registration
A Quez Media DesignDistributor Log in Sign up
Email Address
About Heat Seal
Heat Seal manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries, all in Cleveland, Ohio.  Heat Seal specializes in industrial packaging, food service equipment and stainless steel tables.
Seal with Integrity
At Heat Seal, we strive to provide quality products at a great price.  Proudly Made in the USA, Heat Seal is committed to great customer service, high quality products and legendary reliability.
Heat Seal History
Heat Seal was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1950 as a stretch wrapping machinery and related products manufacturer.  Heat Seal's commitment to quality and innovation allowed the company to fast become a major machinery supplier for the supermarket industry. The continued success of Heat Seal in this market enabled the company to innovate and develop machines for different packaging methods.
In the late 1980's, Heat Seal directed its packaging machinery expertise toward the Shrink Packaging industry. Heat Seal applied the same winning formula of quality and innovation to Shrink Packaging. Quickly, Heat Seal became a major producer of manual and semi-automatic L Sealers and Shrink Tunnels , as well as Combination Shrink Systems .
In 1994, Heat Seal purchased Ampak , a leading manufacturer of Skin Packaging machinery and related products. This acquisition allowed Heat Seal to bypass years of product development and immediately become a full line industrial packaging machinery source.
AMPAK was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1966 as the original manufacturer of Skin packaging machinery and vertical bagger machinery. To this day, Ampak skin packaging and vertical baggers set the standard of quality and value in the industry.
Heat Seal and Ampak are a quality manufacturing source for packaging machinery in a multitude of packaging methods.  Since the acquisition, both companies have expanded and improved their existing product lines.  All product lines now offer many standard features, multiple sizes and a list of options second to none in the industry.
Over the last several years, Heat Seal has continued to innovate its packaging product.   A new line of Heavy Duty L Bar Sealers , Heavy Duty Shrink Tunnels and Heavy Duty Combo Systems have been designed to complement its current line and offer a full line of features.   Semi-Automatic and Automatic Bundlers  have been developed to offer our customers more packaging options for bundling products manually or automatic.  For speed requirements in the shrink industry, our Automatic L Sealer and Shrink Tunnel Combo System has been introduced to help packagers take a step toward packaging automation.  
Heat Seal's latest innovation is the Energy Smart® Wrapper is a stretch film overwrapper with on demand sealing technology.  The new wrapper provides significant energy conservation, compared to old style stretch film overwrappers. 
Heat Seal introduced their all new HDX Combination Shrink Systems for their industrial segment.  The HDX machine have been designed from the ground up with all new features.  In this segment, the HSE Express is also brand new.   
See what Heat Seal is currently up to on our News page and our Events page.
Please don't forget to view our Legal Info page.
Heat Seal Company Summary: 
Heat Seal, LLC manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging markets.  Founded in 1950, Heat Seal is known for their food processing and packaging equipment, such as stretch film overwrappers, ScaleMates, pineapple peeler and corers, cheese cutters, and heavy duty stainless steel tables.  Heat Seal also specializes in shrink packaging equipment, and wrappers and bundlers for the consumer products and industrial markets.  After purchasing Ampak in 1994, Heat Seal expanded their reach into skin packaging and vertical bagging.  All products are manufactured within the USA.  Heat Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve. Heat Seal, LLC is located in Cleveland, Ohio.  
Heat Seal is a Proud Member of: 
About HEAT SEAL
Heat Seal manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries.  Heat Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve.  All products are manufactured in Cleveland, Ohio.
4922 East 49th Street, Suite 100 | Cleveland, OH 44125 USA
800.342.6329 | 216.341.2022
Fax: 216.341.2163