Home
Torrefied Biomass
Torrefied Biomass Properties
Torrefied Biomass Energy Efficiency
Torrefaction Feedstock
Woody Biomass
Urban Wood Waste
Biomass Energy Crops
Agricultural Residue
Torrefaction Benefits
Replacing Coal
Raw vs Torrefied Biomass Properties
Comparing Green Energy Costs
About
HM3 Energy Leadership
HM3 Energy Achievements
HM3 Energy News
HM3 Energy FAQ
Investor Relations
Blog
Biomass News & Resources
Contact
HM3 Energy
Torrefied biomass to replace coal
About
HM3 Energy is a technology provider. Our proprietary technology converts biomass into clean energy using torrefaction and densification into hard briquettes which can be shipped and stored without cover. Forest waste is currently often gathered and burned in place to alleviate the risk of later catastrophic forest fires. We believe the energy in those forest slash piles can be harnessed to become biofuel for coal and biomass-fired power plants.
Share this:
Return to top of page
Copyright © 2018 · 
Going Green Theme
 on 
Genesis Framework
 · 
WordPress
 · 
Log in
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
CancelHM3 Energy Achievements
HM3 Energy completed a $4 million half ton/hour demonstration facility in 2016 in order to demonstrate its unique torrefaction and densification technologies on a variety of biomass feedstocks. The facility is in process of being sold and transferred to a new owner and location.
Since 2015 HM3 Energy has:
Been granted three patents, with a fourth pending
Performed multi-day runs using our unique mass flow torrefier, and densified torrefied material on 50,000-tons-per-year equipment without use of a binder, yet resulting in water resistant briquettes.
Conducted grindability tests leading to successful test burns in a small pulverized coal combustion plant at Western Research Institute in Wyoming, where the fuel injection system was configured to match that of a 585 MW pulverized coal-fired power plant in Boardman, Oregon. This successful test burn achievement included co-firing with coal as well as firing TorrB® biomass exclusively.
Produced energy dense, high quality water resistant briquettes from juniper, cedar, pine, and fir, mostly from eastern Oregon forests, as well as from mill residue (fir).
Produced energy dense, high quality water resistant briquettes from agricultural residue.
Awards
2015 USDA-NIFA SBIR Phase 2 Grant: This research greatly helped HM3’s final push to link together key components for torrefaction and densification of juniper biomass. 
2014 USDA-NIFA SBIR Phase 1 Grant: This research will further complement Oregon’s juniper utilization project.
2012 OregonBest Commercialization Grant: Collaborative project with Oregon State University to perform pre-commercial emissions testing of common Oregon biomass fuels
2011 Regional Winner, Cleantech Open
2011 USDA-NIFA SBIR Phase 2 Grant: In this Phase 2 commercialization grant, HM3 Energy researched densification issues with regard to a number of different forest waste feedstocks, culminating with densification runs on commercial equipment using proprietary modifications.
2010 US Endowment for Forestry and Communities Award: The Endowment award contributed greatly to building our torrefaction process and equipment testing facility
2010 USDA-NIFA SBIR Phase 1 Grant: This first grant explored how to remove contaminants from forest waste such as juniper and western pine without using water so it could be torrefied and turned into clean fuel for coal-fired power plants
Share this:
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.