About IMEC
IMEC is a team of improvement specialists and technicians dedicated to providing organizations in Illinois with the tools and techniques to create sustainable competitive futures. The experienced hands-on team at IMEC works closely with its clients to plan critical business improvements in the areas of Leadership, Strategy, Customer Engagement, Operations, and Workforce.
With more than 50 full-time staff and partners positioned statewide, IMEC delivers the local expertise to not only plan and strategize, but to implement and evaluate the effectiveness of client improvements. In fact, IMEC assists more than 500 companies each year with successful business improvement projects.
As a result, IMEC has demonstrated a return on investment that exceeds 19:1. This is made possible as organizations become more effective and efficient – and together with IMEC – excel toward enterprise excellence.
MEP National Network
As a NIST MEP approved Center, IMEC is the official representative of the MEP National Network in Illinois.
The MEP National Network is a unique public-private partnership that delivers comprehensive, proven solutions to U.S. manufacturers, fueling growth and advancing U.S. manufacturing.
More About IMEC
Mission
Vision
We will lead the way for organizations to create their competitive future
Latest News
We wish you a safe and happy holidays! https://t.co/p67JCIMFuS 13 hours ago
Starting January 1, 2019, employers are required to visibly post the Illinois Service Member Employment and Reemplo… https://t.co/BlJY9Y8RzN 3 days ago
The MEP's 30th anniversary also marks the 10th year of asking clients about their challenges as part of the… https://t.co/OpvsYlp5F8 3 days ago
Upcoming Events
DeKalb – Northern Illinois University, Chick Evans Field House, 1050 Lucinda Avenue, Room 223, DeKalb, IL 60115
Peoria – Bradley University, 1501 W. Bradley Avenue, 428 Jobst Hall, Peoria, IL 61625 (Headquarters)
Rockford – Northern Illinois University, 8500 E. State Street, Suite 160, Rockford, IL 61108
Schaumburg – TMA, 1651 Wilkening Road, Schaumburg, IL 60173
Programs
Can we help you find something?
Send