Home
Technology
Energy Converters
Patents
Applications
Cancer
Cell Studies
Animal Data
Disease & Disorders
Adhesives
Solar
Electronics
Color
Company
Team
Partners
Press
Blog
Contact
Company
Mission
Our mission is to innovate advancements in energy conversion technologies that create value in medicine, commercial industries and the life sciences.
Company Overview

Immunolight was founded in 2007 by Frederic (Rick) Bourke, a fashion icon in the handbag business. For over 30 years Rick’s passion has been the pursuit and development of science, from his support and involvement in the human genome project, to the development of the immune modulating photopheresis technology, to his current activities with the founding and development of the Immunolight technology. He has devoted most of his life and much of his wealth to science.

The catalyst behind Rick’s invention arose out of his passion for animals. In 2007 he brought his beloved dog, Lucy, to be treated at a renowned vet hospital at Cornell University. There he met another dog owner who, running out of money and options, was there seeking a last treatment resort for his ailing dog. Without hesitation, Rick paid for Riley, this stranger’s dog to be treated. Following this, Rick connected the dots between the two dog’s conditions and conceived of the idea of generating light inside a tumor to induce an immune response against cancer–akin to a related technology (photopheresis) that has been successfully used on cancers of the blood. Rick subsequently founded Immunolight around this concept. He has been the sole funder of the exhaustive research undertaken to prove the concept, develop the technology and deliver it into practice.

Rick took early action to assemble a highly competent team of scientists, starting with Harold Walder, a former R&D executive at J&J, and current president of Immunolight. Together, they established a relationship with Duke University and enlisted the support of a highly interdisciplinary team consisting of over 30 scientists, engineers and physicians, plus technical and administrative staff. Over time, as breakthroughs were innovated, numerous patents have been filed spanning the medical and commercial arenas that comprise a robust and extensive patent estate. As feasibility work nears completion in the adhesive curing and cancer applications, and with additional applications in earlier stages of development, we are seeking global strategic partners to assist in leveraging the breadth of this technology platform and delivering high value innovative solutions around the world.
Contact Us
NAME
*
EMAIL
*
COMPANY/ORGANIZATION
*
COMMENTS
By submitting this form I accept the 
Terms of Use
 and 
Privacy Policy
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Latest News
Immunolight’s X-PACT Paper Wins SEAAPM 2017 Best Paper Award
Durham, North Carolina, April 4, 2017 – The South Eastern Chapte...
 >>  read more
Quick Links
Technology
Applications
Company
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
Connect with Us
Google +1
Twitter
LinkedIn
Immunolight LLC
Immunolight: Illumination, Innovation, Transformation and the Triple Swirl Design are trademarks of Immunolight LLC © 2014posted by admin  |  posted on April 21, 2016
In collaboration with the NC State College of Veterinary Medicine, Immunolight therapy for canine cancer is now recruiting potential candidates for our Phase II Study. After a successful Phase I Safety Study, the goal of this new research project is to continue studying and refining Immunolight Therapy, an innovative approach to cancer treatment.
posted by Josh Lewis  |  posted on April 15, 2016
Over the past 18 months, the team at Immunolight, along with physicians, veterinarians, scientists and support personnel from the departments of Radiation Oncology at NCSU’s College of Veterinary Medicine and Duke University’s Medical Center, have been conducting a groundbreaking canine pilot study to develop and test Immunolight therapy in the ongoing battle against cancer.
posted by admin  |  posted on May 8, 2014  |  comment 1
Immunolight LLC, an emerging leader in the development of a breakthrough platform technology leveraging the latest advances in energy transfer, has announced research about a new mode of action utilizing psoralen, a naturally occurring compound found in broccoli and figs, that may shed new light on the fight against cancer.
Contact Us
NAME*
EMAIL*
COMPANY/ORGANIZATION*
COMMENTS
Comments
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Latest News