Science Drives Success
Incyte’s goal is to become a leading global biopharmaceutical company. Incyte is a company founded on the premise that investment in good science and the rigorous pursuit of R&D excellence can translate into new medicines that can positively affect patients’ lives.
Our therapeutic focus is primarily oncology. We believe the future of cancer treatment lies with immune therapies, which seek to recruit the patient’s own immune system to tackle cancer, and with targeted therapies, which aim to block the effects of cancer-causing mutations. In addition to our marketed products, we have a broad and diversified selection of clinical candidates in our growing portfolio, from both our own laboratories and from partners via licensing transactions.
Founded in 2002, Incyte Corporation’s global headquarters are located in Wilmington, DE, and today, the company employs more than 1,200 people in the US, Europe, and Japan .
We have an experienced team with a track record of success, and our goal is to create first-in-class and best-in-class therapeutics. We pursue this by combining critical target selection with our world-class biology and chemistry expertise.
Our Commitment
Rigorous science is at the core of everything we do to discover, develop, and deliver novel medicines that will meet serious unmet medical needs in oncology and other diseases.
SCIENCE AND INNOVATION
Our world-class expertise, investment in sound and precise science, and our rigorous pursuit of R&D excellence drive our efforts to identify new molecules with the potential to improve the lives of patients, make a difference in healthcare, and build sustainable value for all our stakeholders.
PATIENTS
We are committed to positively impacting the lives of patients with cancer and other diseases. Our clinical research is held to the highest standards of scientific and ethical rigor, and we strive to implement programs and initiatives to support patients through their treatment journeys and to remove barriers to access for our medicines.
COMPLIANCE AND TRANSPARENCY
We aim to make a difference—for patients, medical professionals, organizations, the broader healthcare community, and all our global stakeholders. To achieve these goals, we are committed to conducting business ethically. We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards to ensure that all of our interactions are conducted appropriately. We regularly review and amend our practices according to our own standards, as well as the standards required of us by the communities in which we live and work.
OUR GLOBAL COMMUNITY
We exist to improve the lives of people facing life-altering and life-threatening diseases like cancer, and we actively support various local and global initiatives that are health-related or benefit the communities in which we live and work. We strive to comply with all laws and regulations that govern environmental, health, and safety matters and to adhere to sustainable business practices.
Connect with us: