Toggle Navigation
Search
Products
Applications
Tools
About Infineon
Discoveries
Careers
Newsletter
Contact
Where to Buy
English
简体中文
Deutsch
日本語
myInfineon
Login to myInfineon
Register for myInfineon
Cart
Company
Our Mission
Management Board
Supervisory Board
Our Locations
Purchasing
Quality
Information Security
Sustainability
Environment
Health & Safety
Business Ethics
Corporate Citizenship
CSR Supply Chain
Human Rights
CSR Reporting
Press
General Information
Press Releases
Market News
Press Kits
Media Pool
Events
Contacts
Investor
Reporting
News
Events
Corporate Governance
Capital Returns
Infineon Share
Bonds and Rating
Data Protection for Shareholders
Tradeshows & Conferences
Videos
Home
About Infineon
About Us
Company
Company
Management Board
Locations
Press
Press
Press Releases
Press Contacts
Sustainability
Sustainability
Performance Summary
Sustainability Reporting
Investor
Investor
Financial Reporting
Infineon Share
Tradeshows & Conferences
Tradeshows & Conference
Videos
Videos
Follow us
Infineon
Infineon 4 Engineers
Infineon Career
Infineon
Infineon 4 Engineers
Infineon Career
Infineon
Infineon 4 Engineers
苏ICP备15016286号-1
 | 
苏公网安备 32021402001016号
Usage of this website is subject to our Usage Terms
Imprint
Contact
Privacy Policy
Glossary
Switch to Mobile Version
Switch to Desktop Version
In order to optimize your browsing experience Infineon uses cookies. You agree to the usage of cookies when you continue browsing this site. For more information regarding cookies and the processing of your personal data please read our 
Privacy Policy
.
OKWe make life easier, safer and greener
The world’s swelling population, more and more megacities and the rising demand for energy is prompting us to rethink many aspects of our modern lifestyle.
Facts
Infineon Technologies AG is a world leader in semiconductor solutions that make life easier, safer and greener. Microelectronics from Infineon is the key to a better future. In the 2018 fiscal year (ending 30 September), the Company reported sales of around €7.6 billion with about 40,100 employees worldwide. Infineon is listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (ticker symbol: IFX) and in the USA on the over-the-counter market OTCQX International Premier (ticker symbol: IFNNY).
Downloads
Driving the Future of Automotive Electronics
We are one of the few semiconductor manufacturers for automotive applications that covers the most important applications in vehicles. With a broad product portfolio of microcontrollers, intelligent sensors, transmit and receive ICs for radio-frequency applications and radar as well as both discrete and integrated power semiconductors: powertrain, chassis and comfort electronics as well as driving safety applications. Coupled with a high-level of quality, this comprehensive range of products has made us a preferred partner for our customers for over 40 years.
Our development strategy focuses on the integration of functionality and thus on semiconductor solutions with an excellent price-performance ratio. Thereby our technologies are contributing to a greener future by reducing fuel consumption, emissions and costs. And that’s not all – we are also helping to improve safety and performance.
High Power Semiconductors for Industrial Applications
Industrial Power Control products are crucial for generating and transmitting electric power efficiently and with virtually no losses – as well as for reducing energy consumption. Our leading market position is based on technological leadership and on being an innovative, reliable partner for our customers.
Power semiconductors are often the determining factor, not only in terms of function, but also when it comes to the efficiency, size, weight and cost of our customers’ products and systems. Our many years of industrial experience and innovative strength help us develop the right components for the relevant applications.
We shape Power Management – we live Energy Efficiency
The number of electronic devices we use in our everyday lives is constantly growing. The significance of the power supply for these devices is not always obvious, yet it is crucial for their reliability, power consumption and size.
Efficiency, powerful batteries and chargers, and high effectiveness: These customer requirements place new demands on the efficiency and size of our power supply solutions. The power density thus becomes a decisive factor. Our concepts for “Digital Power Management” – the transition from analog to digital control of the power supply – address this trend directly. With technology that achieves more, consumes less and is accessible to everyone.
Over 15 years of world-leading security expertise for increasingly demanding security requirements
Digital communication calls for robust protection against the misuse of personal data – whether it be stored on an electronic passport or transmitted over the Internet. Based on its core competences in the fields of security, contactless communication and integrated microcontroller solutions (embedded control), Infineon offers an extensive portfolio of semiconductor-based security products for many chip card and security applications.
With this expertise, Infineon is helping to increase security in an increasingly networked world, for example for mobile payment, for system security and secure electronic ID documents.
OK
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ