Pairing human ingenuity with technology
Intuitive was founded in 1995 to create innovative, robotic-assisted systems that help empower doctors and hospitals to make surgery less invasive than an open approach. Since da Vinci® became one of the first robotic-assisted systems cleared by the FDA for general laparoscopic surgery, it’s taken robotic-assisted surgery from “science fiction” to reality. Working with doctors and hospitals, we’re continuing to develop new, minimally invasive surgical platforms and future diagnostic tools to help solve complex healthcare challenges around the world. 
23
5M+
43,000+
4,400+
1995-1996
We were founded to create a future where minimally invasive care would enable surgeons, their OR teams and healthcare systems to help people feel better. World-renowned experts in tele-robotic technology, human-machine interfaces and minimally invasive surgery came together to work on our breakthrough surgical platform. When you’re in the business of inventing the future for physicians and their teams, intuitive minds are precisely what you need.
1999-2000
Intuitive launched the da Vinci Surgical System in 1999. It became one of the first robotic-assisted surgical systems cleared by the FDA for general laparoscopic surgery in 2000. With the surgeon fully in control, it featured a fully immersive experience, enhanced visualization, dexterity, precision and ergonomic comfort. For many surgeons, da Vinci was—and remains—a game changer in the delivery of minimally invasive care.
2018
Today, we’re forging ahead with new ways to help healthcare systems advance minimally invasive care. Our da Vinci SP® Surgical System allows urology surgeons to enter the body through a single, small incision. Our da Vinci ecosystem provides an integrated approach to help drive improvements in outcomes and efficiencies. And we continue to innovate in entirely new fields.
Important Safety Information
Patients should talk to their doctor to decide if da Vinci® Surgery is right for them. Patients and doctors should review all available information on non-surgical and surgical options and associated risks in order to make an informed decision.
Serious complications may occur in any surgery, including da Vinci Surgery, up to and including death. Serious risks include, but are not limited to, injury to tissues and organs and conversion to other surgical techniques which could result in a longer operative time and/or increased complications. For Important Safety Information, including surgical risks, indications, and considerations and contraindications for use, please also refer to www.davincisurgery.com/safety and www.intuitive.com/safety .
Individual surgical results may vary.
Product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intuitive Surgical, or of their respective holders.
Cookie Policy