Technology for next generation windows
Natural light is essential to our emotional and physical wellness. It provides an array of benefits, from productivity to better sleep, so in 2010 Kinestral was founded to explore an innovative way of harnessing sunlight.
Our goal was threefold. Give people the ability to control natural light. Reduce glare and heat. And lower energy consumption.
Kinestral has succeeded in creating a technology that is changing how people live and work, as well as
revolutionizing the construction industry. Halio™, the world’s most advanced smart-tinting glass, is responsive, intelligent, and a beautiful architectural element. It transitions automatically or on-command from clear to fully tinted in less than 3 minutes.
With Halio™ architects, designers, and builders have a more versatile element for windows, skylights and interior walls to create homes and buildings that are comfortable, beautiful, and sustainable.
Leadership Team
S.B. has over 20 years of experience in the display and electronics industries. He was formerly CEO of ACAL Energy and Chief Commercial Officer for Cambridge Display Technology (CDT), both in the UK, and Director of Sumation KK in Japan. He holds a Ph.D. from Imperial College, London and an MBA from the University of Chicago.
S.B. Cha, Ph.D.CEO
Howard is a co-founder of Kinestral. He was formerly VP R&D at Symyx Technologies where he pioneered the use of combinatorial methods for the discovery and optimization of functional materials. With a Ph.D. from MIT, Howard started his career with Exxon. He has authored more than 60 scientific publications and 100 issued patents
Howard Turner, Ph.D.CTO
Sam drew from his experience in process development and systems design to co-found Kinestral. Previously VP Engineering at Symyx, Sam has written over 25 issued patents. He received his Ph.D. from the University of California, Santa Barbara
Sam Bergh, Ph.D.COO
Ian has over 25 years of experience in semiconductor, display and renewable energy industries. He was formerly CEO of GMZ energy in Boston and President of E-Ton Solar Tech, a public traded company in Taiwan. He holds an MBA from Purdue University and an MS from University of Texas at El Paso.
Ian ChaoPRESIDENT, KINESTRAL TAIWAN
Anna's extensive finance background includes stints as CFO and Interim COO roles at Soylent where she developed and executed the business strategy, raising a $50M Series B round. As CFO at TiVo, she played a key role in business strategy by substantially increasing subscriber growth and influencing product innovation strategy. Prior to that, Ms. Brunelle also completed two successful IPOs with Roxio and Sunrise Telecom.
Anna BrunelleCFO
Before joining Kinestral, Ron was Senior VP and General Counsel at Relypsa, Inc. He has 20+ years experience as an in-house counsel, including as Senior VP, Intellectual Property at Symyx. Ron holds a JD from George Washington University and a BSE in Materials Engineering from the University of Michigan. He is also a lecturer at Santa Clara University Law School.
Ronald KrasnowCHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER
An accomplished senior technology manager with a broad experience in developing, building, marketing, and selling consumer lifestyle technology products, Paul was previously with Control4, 3Com, and Compaq (HP). He holds a BSEE from the University of Utah.
Paul NagelSENIOR VP PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
Craig has extensive experience in product development and marketing, including working with global consumer brands such as Bose and iRobot. He holds an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering, an international MBA from the University of San Diego, and an MBA from EGADE in Monterrey, Mexico.
Craig HenricksenVP, PRODUCT & MARKETING
Thomas was formerly VP Risk Management and Treasury at Amyris Inc, and VP Risk Management at BNP Paribas focused on commodity trading and FX risk. Before that, Tom worked at Hess Corporation for more than 25 years focusing on supply planning, logistics, risk management and terminal operations.
Thomas KrivasVP OF CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT AND ALLIANCES