About Kino Lorber, Inc.
Kino Lorber, Inc. was founded in 2009 by industry veterans Donald Krim and Richard Lorber. Combining the staffs, libraries and resources of Kino International, Lorber Films and Alive Mind Cinema, Kino Lorber has quickly become new leader in distributing the finest Art-house and International films.
Through its varied group of labels, Kino Lorber, Inc. offers the best in contemporary, classic and documentary films that aim to engage, provoke, stimulate, and entertain today's audiences.
With a library of more than 1,000 titles, Kino Lorber, Inc. releases over 25 films per year theatrically under its Kino Lorber, Kino Lorber Studio Classics, Kino Classics and Alive Mind Cinema banners, including five Academy Award® nominated films in the last seven years. In addition, the company brings over 70 titles each year to the home entertainment market with DVD and Blu-ray releases under its five house brands, distributes a growing number of third party labels, and is a direct digital distributor to all major platforms including iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, Vimeo, Fandor and others.
Recent theatrical releases from Kino Lorber have included Jean-Luc Godard’s 3D masterpiece, Goodbye to Language, Ana Lily Amirpour’s mesmerizing debut, A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night and Gueros, an experimental voyage of self-discovery from Mexican director Alonso Ruiz Palacios that won all the top awards at the Mexican Oscars. Specializing in documentaries in the areas of enlightened consciousness, secular spirituality and culture, Alive Mind Cinema seeks to provide audiences with intellectually provocative films that deliver the "aha" response of a transformative experience. Critically acclaimed films from the Alive Mind Cinema collection include Awake: The Life of Yogananda, Bikes vs Cars and The Messenger. Kino Classics has recently brought to limited theatrical engagement F.W. Murnau’s universally revered The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and the definitive restoration of The Phantom of the Opera.
Current and upcoming theatrical releases from Kino Lorber include Jafar Panahi’s Taxi, the most recent film from acclaimed Iranian director Jafar Panahi, Guy Maddin’s The Forbidden Room, a hilarious and wildly unhinged psychedelic trip of a film that played at Sundance, Berlinale TIFF, NYFF, and Miguel Gomes’ 3-part epic Arabian Nights, the second installment of which was Portugal’s foreign film submission to the 87th Academy Awards.
Kino Lorber
Our premiere theatrical and home video label, Kino Lorber delivers to audiences the best in contemporary world cinema, curated from film festivals at Cannes, Berlin, Sundance, Toronto and beyond.
Kino Classics
The classic arm of Kino Lorber offers many of the greatest films from the past, both silent and sound, for the discriminating viewer, from historical silents through the French new wave.
Alive Mind Cinema
Alive Mind Cinema specializes in docs relating to Personal Transformation, Progressive Spirituality and Cultural Change.
Kino Lorber Studio Classics
Kino Lorber Studio Classics is dedicated to bringing you the best of Hollywood’s successes, critical and commercial. All from best available sources, many on DVD or Blu-ray for the very first time.
Redemption Films
Redemption Films is Kino Lorber's specialty horror/cult label, which launches with the Blu-ray releases of the Jean Rollin films, newly mastered in HD.
Home
×
×
Please join our email list to receive announcements, news, and DVD/Blu-ray sale offers. New signups will receive a limited time coupon for an additional cart discount.
Email Address