Medium- to Long-term Business Vision of the Kobe Steel Group
Medium- to Long-term Business Vision of the Kobe Steel Group
April 5, 2016 - The Kobe Steel Group's Fiscal 2016-2020 Medium-Term Business Plan
Adobe Reader is requied in order to view a PDF file.
Click the banner below to download Adobe Reader.
Close to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie Policy日本語
English
中文
Kobe Steel Group Sites
Within This Site
Menu
About Us
Products
Investor Relations
Locations
Home
About Us
About Us
About Kobe Steel
Message from the President and CEO
Corporate Profile
Directors and Executive Officers
Locations
Corporate Governance
Corporate Code of Ethics
Outline of KOBELCO
Kobe Steel Group Companies
Overseas Group Companies
Domestic Group Companies
KOBELCO Branding
Kobe Steel Lightens the Car
KOBELCO supports LEXUS TEAM SARD in Super GT Series
Group Brand
Core Values of KOBELCO Next 100 Project
Quality Charter
KOBELCOs Business Activities
Corporate Videos
Integrated Report
History
Corporate Social Responsibility
The Kobe Steel Group’s Approach to CSR
Basic Environmental Management Policy
Stakeholder Engagement
Share with Facebook
Share on Linkedin
Share with Twitter
Send an Email
Print
Page top
About Us
Products
Investor Relations
Locations
Search
Site Map
　|　
Privacy Policy
　|　
About the website
© KOBE STEEL, LTD. 1995-2018Close to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyKOBELCO: The Group Brand of Kobe Steel
KOBELCO is the unified brand name of the Kobe Steel Group.
The Kobe Steel Group offers distinctive, trustworthy products and technologies in a wide variety of fields, including iron and steel, welding, aluminum and copper, machinery, engineering, construction machinery and electric power
In fiscal 2016 we embarked on KOBELCO VISION "G+," a vision to establish a solid business enterprise based on the three core areas of materials, machinery and electric power.
The entire Group strives to ensure that people throughout the world recognize KOBELCO as the brand of a trustworthy corporate group.
Close to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie Policy