Kodak Alaris is a privately held global technology company that’s delivering the future—now. Born from Kodak, one of the world’s most trusted imaging brands, we’re pushing the boundaries with a new vision for a new era.
Digital transformation is a reinvention—of systems, products, services, and ways of thinking about everything your organization does. Kodak Alaris CEO Marc Jourlait explains how our unique heritage, passion for inventing the future, and exclusive technologies combine to give businesses everything they need to thrive in this new era and accelerate growth.
We’ve focused on investing in the right people, technology and innovative strategies to ensure we provide truly groundbreaking solutions. It’s taken boldness, imagination, passion and stamina to get us here. Now, we’re committed to taking our technology and creating new solutions and products for organizations and people around the world—with the creation of two groups:
Actionable Intelligence
Through our vast expertise in image science and advanced process automation, we’re unlocking the power of digital transformation. Our patented systems combine breakthrough technologies, artificial intelligence, machine learning and human know-how. We propel businesses and governments forward by turning data into powerful, actionable insights.
Create & Connect
Fueled by our Kodak heritage, we’re bringing our vision, innovation and digital solutions to the next generation of professional and amateur photographers. Our reach spans specialty films, advanced film processing labs, consumer photo-printing kiosks, a thriving global sharing community —and more ways than ever for people to preserve their most cherished memories.
Kodak Alaris is on a noble mission to help people and businesses reap the rewards of digital transformation through its leading-edge products and services. We ask, “why not,” break down barriers to our customers’ success, and invent (if it doesn't already exist) to drive innovation. Our legacy is rich in "firsts" from Kodak. Our future is unbounded as it's powered by our employees’ creativity. Expect a lot from Kodak Alaris and know that we expect a lot of ourselves and the performance of the company.
Leadership
Our leadership team fuses the best minds, ideas and change-makers of today with the most forward-thinking, tech-savvy powerhouses that laid the foundation for digital transformation.
Marc Jourlait
Chief Executive Officer
Marc is an inspirational leader with a track record of driving sustainable and profitable growth for international technology companies.
Based in Rochester, NY, Marc reports to Mark Elliott – Chairman of Kodak Alaris Holdings Limited.
Marc’s experience spans both consumer and enterprise oriented companies. Prior to Kodak Alaris, Marc was the Deputy CEO of Navico – the global leader in marine electronics for recreational and commercial use.
© 2018 Kodak Alaris Inc. TM/MC/MR: Alaris, AI Foundry | The Kodak and Kodak Moments trademark and Kodak trade dress are used under license from Eastman Kodak Company.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.