Liquidia Technologies’ mission is to transform patients’ lives with precise drug particles.
Healthcare organizations of all types and sizes are experiencing unprecedented market pressure to deliver better results at reduced costs. Liquidia is actively tackling some of those challenges.
Liquidia’s method for precisely engineering drug particles to new specification can enhance the therapeutic potential of the molecule for the patient, while minimizing risk and reducing time to market. PRINT® technology gives the pharmaceutical industry the power to produce precise drug particles, clinically-effective products at scale, and in some cases reduce manufacturing complexity and cost.
Technology
Liquidia’s proprietary PRINT technology brings the pharmaceutical industry the ability to design drug particles uniformly and in a wide variety of compositions, size and shapes. This novel process can optimize the performance of existing or new therapeutics, whether they are based on small molecules, peptides or biologics. The end result? Medications can work as planned, the first time around, helping patients get better and feel better faster.
PRINT particles can be designed to address desired pharmacological benefits, such as optimizing the route of administration, improving solubility, enhancing stability or extending therapeutic effects, with the goal of improving efficacy, safety and convenience for the patient.
This simple, elegant solution is applicable across therapeutic areas, molecule and routes of administration, and offers the opportunity to engineer a range of medicines, including drugs and biologics, single agents and combinations, and vaccines.
Drug delivery technologies have been hampered in adapting to specific challenges, including the drug’s chemical properties. By controlling size, composition and/or shape, the PRINT technology can deliver on the potential of drug delivery to improve medicines broadly.
PRINT technology allows for rapid transition of PRINT-enabled therapies from the laboratory, to clinical development, to scalable commercial production.
PRINT technology changes drug formulation and production through novel and precise engineering techniques, which we believe will enhance clinical efficacy.
This flexible technology can work across a wide range of therapies, according to third-party reviews .
In many cases, pharmaceutical companies can reduce manufacturing costs and complexity, thanks to PRINT’s highly-repeatable and efficient particle fabrication processes.
Marketplace
Liquidia is applying PRINT technology toward internal product development opportunities. The pipeline strategy is focused on improving currently approved products in order to minimize development risk and increase speed to market.
By leveraging PRINT technology, Liquidia’s business model is highly capital efficient in the following ways:
Liquidia is able to improve existing drugs to reach their full therapeutic potential, without having to incur all of the R&D expenses of a truly novel molecule.
PRINT is a cost-effective, elegant and simple manufacturing process that can create significant improvement in the performance of existing medicines.
Current product candidates in clinical development span LIQ861 for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and LIQ865 for local, post-operative pain . Liquidia’s partners including leading pharmaceutical companies such as GlaxoSmithKline, are exploring ways to leverage PRINT technology for new therapies.
PO Box 110085, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402Strategic collaborations are an important component of Liquidia’s short- and long-term plans to accelerate PRINT®-enabled therapies into commercial use. Liquidia seeks collaborations with global and regional biopharmaceutical leaders, emerging biotech companies and leading academic institutions. Liquidia and its collaborators come together to create products that solve problems that current therapies are not able to address.
If you are interested in working with us, CLICK HERE .
Strategic Collaborations
In June 2012, Liquidia entered a broad, multi-year collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), which acquired exclusive rights to research and develop certain inhaled therapies using Liquidia’s PRINT technology. In September 2015, GSK exercised its option to exclusively license the right to research, develop, and commercialize inhaled therapeutics based on Liquidia’s PRINT technology. In July 2018, GSK notified us of its decision to discontinue development of an inhaled antiviral for viral exacerbations in COPD after completion of its related Phase 1 clinical trial. GSK continues to express an interest in using PRINT technology for new inhaled programs, though no specific assets have been identified at this time.
Undisclosed Collaborations
Liquidia is applying its novel PRINT technology across multiple therapeutic areas.
PO Box 110085, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402