We Are Little Kids Inc.
At LKI, we’ve been creating toys that make kids smile, and work like magic for over 25 years! To us, childhood is all about making time                     to play – we aim to make products that help families savor their time together. Our mission is to make quality toys at affordable prices                     – so your family can enjoy them across generations.
Why choose LKI?
Play time is essential to children’s growth in so many areas, such as physical, sensory, social, and intellectual development. Play gives                     kids the opportunity to experiment and try out all the things they are learning in their day to day lives, as well as develop new skills.                     Playing allows children to learn by doing and allows them to directly experience the real world around them. Our toys are designed                     to help kids learn through play!
Bubble toys & water toys:
Help kids engage in sensory play and improve dexterity!
They also get kids moving and outside to learn about nature!
Role play toys:
Help kids improve social skills and gain leadership knowledge!
They also help kids engage in self directed play, and learn about others and the world around them!
Playing with chalk in the driveway:
Helps kids express themselves creatively!
Gives them the confidence in themselves!
Food activity toys:
Promote experimentation and creativity!
Improve social problem solving skills and team building!
Little Kids Inc.
A 1015 Newman Avenue
Sat: Closed
Sun: Closed
© 2018 Little Kids Inc. - All Rights Reserved. Actual product colors and packaging may vary.
© 2018 Jelly Belly Candy Company, Fairfield, CA 94533 USA. PEEPS®, The PEEPS®Chick Shape and the PEEPS® Bunny Shape are registered trademarks of Just Born, Inc., Bethlehem, PA © 2018 . All Rights Reserved. PJ Masks © Frog Box / Entertainment One UK Limited /Walt Disney EMEA Productions Limited 2014. Les Pyjamasques by Romuald © (2007) Gallimard Jeunesse. All Rights Reserved. Sesame Street® and associated characters, trademarks and design elements are owned and licensed by Sesame Workshop. © 2018 Sesame Workshop. All Rights Reserved. © 2018 Viacom International Inc. All Rights Reserved. Nickelodeon, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Bubble Guppies, Shimmer and Shine and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Viacom International Inc.© 2018 Spin Master PAW Productions Inc. All Rights Reserved. PAW Patrol and all related titles, logos and characters are trademarks of Spin Master Ltd.
Log into Your Account
New here? Create an Account
Your account has been created.  Close this popup and you're ready to go!
First Name
Last Name
Username
Password
Register