Search form
Sophisticated, Comprehensive Monitoring & Analytic Solutions for the Solar Industry
Locus Energy is a solar monitoring and data analytics platform provider for the solar photovoltaic (PV) market spanning the residential, commercial, and utility sectors, across the globe. With over 160,000 systems deployed and over 80 billion data points collected, Locus covers more than 6.4 GW of total capacity globally and 5.6 GW of capacity in the U.S. Locus Energy’s cloud-based software aggregates, organizes, and analyzes performance data from multiple sources, making it easier to access, manage, and identify the causes of a solar system’s failure to meet performance expectations. With a deep intellectual property portfolio, Locus Energy provides many of the largest utilities, capital providers, equipment manufacturers, and asset managers with sophisticated software to track performance across large portfolios of solar installations. Locus Energy’s corporate headquarters are in Hoboken, NJ, and its technology headquarters are in San Francisco, CA. Locus Energy is an affiliate of Genscape, the premier global commodity and energy information Services Company.
You are here
Get Insight into Distributed PV Assets
Monitoring systems can tell you that a system isn’t meeting performance expectations, but they can’t tell you why. Until now. Locus Energy’s PVIQ Suite™ of Performance Analytics is a powerful set of analytic and diagnostic tools allowing fleet operators to assess performance at both the system and fleet level and then drill down into the specific causes for a system’s deviation from expectations.
Key features:
Highly accurate and granular satellite-derived irradiance data with coverage across the continental U.S.
Advanced algorithms automate the identification of the root causes of system under performance
Spreadsheet plug-in connected directly to the Locus Energy database
You are here
The Most Sophisticated Asset Management & Portfolio Performance Tracking Tools
As the rate of solar adoption grows, operators of PV fleets are looking for more sophisticated tools to manage assets and track performance of portfolios. Locus Energy’s SolarNOC™ is a cloud-based enterprise asset management platform for fleets of residential, commercial and utility-scale solar PV systems. SolarNOC allows fleet managers to aggregate performance data from many sources, apply advanced analytics and streamline operations and maintenance activities.
Key features:
Data aggregation from multiple hardware stacks, third party data feeds/APIs and legacy monitoring providers
Powerful filtering interface to granularly track asset data and create role-based dashboards with a variety of KPIs/diagnostics
Integration with key third party enterprise applications for improved workflows
You are here
Locus Energy’s Data Acquisition System (DAS) solutions combine plug-and-play data acquisition hardware with industry-leading cloud-based software, the SolarNOC™ solar monitoring platform . Locus Energy offers DAS solutions for the residential, commercial and utility-scale PV markets, providing operational transparency on system performance through an intuitive and powerful user interface. 
For Residential & Light Commercial customers:
Low-cost digital socket meters with integrated cellular uplink to significantly reduce networking and commissioning complexity
Advanced firmware with compression algorithms to minimize cell data costs
RS-485 inputs for direct communication with inverters and other devices
For Large Commercial & Utility-Scale PV monitoring customers:
Plug-and-play connectivity with a wide variety of inverters, meters, weather stations and other third-party equipmentSearch form
With the world’s largest network of patented and proprietary monitoring technologies, Genscape delivers unique, real-time fundamental data to provide market insight and intelligence
A Brief History: We Invented this Market
Genscape was founded in 1999 by two power traders who grew frustrated with the lack of transparency into the market – and set about inventing new technologies to expand high quality data access to more market participants than ever before.
Over the past decade, Genscape has invested heavily in research and development, and continues to be awarded numerous patents. Genscape continues to build an extensive network and a wide range of tools to better inform trading and operational strategies surrounding energy supply chains. Now operating the world’s largest private network of in-the-field monitors, Genscape has added satellite reconnaissance, artificial intelligence, and maritime freight tracking to its data acquisition capabilities. Today, Genscape delivers its unique brand of unsurpassed market intelligence across the commodity and energy spectrum: power, oil, natural gas, petrochemical and NGL, agriculture, biofuels, and maritime freight.  
In 2017, Jon Ecker was appointed as CEO of Genscape, building upon Genscape’s core brand value: to provide the highest quality fundamental data faster than any other organization, bar none.
Proprietary Data and Delivery
Genscape measures market fundamentals using thousands of patented and proprietary land, sea, and satellite monitors strategically deployed worldwide, delivering exceptional insight and intelligence to clients. Genscape data and intelligence are delivered to customers through a web-based interface, as PDF reports, and/or via direct data feeds into customer or third-party trading and publishing systems.
Clients
Genscape provides its information through a subscription service. Customers include the majority of the top global commodity and energy trading hedge funds, banks, producers, marketers, as well as numerous government entities, including U.S. Department of Energy and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC).  
Since 2013, small-to-midsize market participants are purchasing more from Genscape, as the price-to-value relationship is increasingly attractive to otherwise large, upfront investments in monitoring, information technology, and in-house processing teams.  By leveraging Genscape’s unsurpassed data quality, new market participants can better leverage their resources into more sophisticated trading or risk management activities.
Parent Company
Genscape is part of the  Daily Mail and General Trust plc. ("DMGT") , which manages a diverse, multinational portfolio of companies, with total revenues around £1.5bn, that provide businesses and consumers with compelling information, analysis, insight, events, news, and entertainment. DMGT is also a founding investor and the largest shareholder of Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC and ZPG PLC.  To learn more about DMGT, please click here .
Get an Overview of Genscape's Cross-Commodity Capabilities
Download the Brochure
© 2018 Locus Energy,
An AlsoEnergy Company
2 Hudson Place,