Background & History of Mainstream
Founded in 1986 by Dr. Robert P. Scaringe, Mainstream is a solution-oriented, research, development and manufacturing small business located in Rockledge, FL. Mainstream started out with two R&D contracts from the U.S. Air Force. We now manufacture equipment and perform R&D research for most agencies of the U.S. government and many government prime contractors. Mainstream’s products are sold worldwide and we hold a Department of Defense Commercialization Index of 95%.
Mainstream has received numerous honors for outstanding products, performance and innovation, including:
SBA’s Prime Contractor of the Year for the southeastern U.S.
SBA’s Administrator’s Award for Excellence
95% DOD Commercialization Index Rating
State of Florida Governor’s New Product Award
Several Blue Chip Enterprise Initiative Awards (1999 & 2000)
Two SBA’s Tibbetts Award for Commercialization (1997 & 2014)
Both State and City Awards for Job Creation
2013 50 Florida Companies to Watch Award
2013 Florida Excellence Award for Excellence in Commerce by SBIEC
2013 Dealer Design Awards Bronze-Qwik Seer+® Watt Saver
2014 DOE SBIR/STTR Small Business Award Winner
On the local level, Mainstream has received awards for job creation and economic development, an Appreciation Award from the local Business Incubation Center for supporting small business development in the area and several Industry Appreciation Awards from the local Economic Development Council as well as a citation from the Mayor of Rockledge, for jobs creation.
Mainstream has a long tradition of actively supporting the local community, for example Mainstream personnel serve in the local chapters of professional organizations including ASME, SAE, AIChE, ASHRAE; Mainstream’s scientists and engineers support the local university (Florida Institute of Technology) both as adjunct professors, board members and with joint research efforts. Mainstream has a demonstrated 29 year track-record of focusing on the total system solution and Mainstream holds more than 100 patents directly in this area.
Mission Statement
To research and develop emerging technologies. To engineer these technologies into superior-quality, military- and private-sector products that provide a technological advantage.
Mainstream is a premier R&D company that focuses on transitioning advanced thermal control and energy conversion technology into high-quality and cost-effective commercial products. Areas of expertise include heat transfer, fluids, thermodynamics, mechanics, chemistry, nano-technology, and power. Mainstream is currently providing solutions to NASA, DOD, DOE, DOT, DOC, USDA, and industry through externally-funded R&D programs. Mainstream also has extensive internally-funded R&D to support our externally-funded R&D and to transition R&D into commercial products.
Read our engineering mission here: Engineering Mission
Featured Product:
Contact Us
Call : 321-631-3550
Fax : 321-631-3552
Email : info@mainstream-engr.com
Quick Links
Subscribe with Us
You will alli buy alli also get the answers to the burning questions..
® 2018 MAINSTREAM ENGINEERING CORPORATION