About Us
About Us
Are you tired of wasting time and money with unqualified workers, unproductive staff, and turnover? Of not knowing where to turn for semi-skilled and highly-skilled manufacturing employees?
ResourceMFG is your answer. 
Founded by a manufacturing veteran who was frustrated by his experience with the traditional staffing services that didn't understand "his world," ResourceMFG is the first and, with more than 160 locations in 34 states and over 22,000 workers on assignment, the largest national staffing company to specialize in manufacturing. We recruit and screen for more than 200 manufacturing-specific skills and have more than 30 proprietary screening tools.
We know manufacturing. It's all we do.
Our recruiters are trained professionals, most with years of experience and a high degree of local knowledge. And everyone who joins ResourceMFG has to be internally certified in two areas. The first is the basic skill sets common to all manufacturing environments. The second is in manufacturing safety and includes many OSHA standards and procedures.
The result?
A thorough recruiting, screening and qualifications process that ensures the right candidates for you. And mandatory safety orientations for all candidates that provide insights into manufacturing safety issues, reducing on-the-job injuries.
We recruit for all hiring options: temp-to-hire, direct hire, and long-term contracts. And, for all but direct hires, ResourceMFG workers are on assignment through our company. This means that we handle payroll, benefits, unemployment claims and workers compensation, saving you time and money, minimizing your liability, and allowing you the flexibility to adjust your workforce as needed.
And because we use lean processes within our own company, we are highly attuned to and aligned with your own lean journey.
Here are just a few of the hundreds of testimonials we've had from clients:
"ResourceMFG is really responsive; 15-20 minute call-backs are common."
"They don't send non-qualified people."
"Service is above and beyond."
If you want better-screened, more-productive, safer employees - whether it's one highly-skilled worker or hundreds of entry-level employees - call ResourceMFG.
Find a job near you now.
Sign up and receive all the benefits ResourceMFG has to offer.
Placing manufacturing professionals in direct hire jobs throughout the country.
Offline, leave a message