We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing with our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy. Accept and close Cookie policy
Building a Legacy of Performance, Innovation, Quality, and Service
Marathon Equipment Company is known throughout the world as a leading manufacturer of on-site waste compaction and recycling systems.
Marathon is organized into three business segments aligned with the evolving needs of customers in the global solid waste and recycling industry:
The Compaction Solutions group offers durable high-quality compactors, compactions containers, and transfer systems for solid waste handling applications
The Recycling Solutions group offers creative solutions for today’s recycling, solid waste, and material handling challenges. Our equipment is designed for a wide variety of recycling and scrap processing operations and includes precision-built auto-tie, two-ram, and manual-tie horizontal and vertical balers, conveyors, and complete MRF systems.
The Renewable Energy Solutions group is working with Zero Waste Energy of Lafayette, California to address the needs of the globally expanding waste-to-energy market. Together we are helping customers implement environmentally friendly anaerobic digestion technology to convert organic waste into usable energy sources such as electricity and compressed natural gas (CNG).
Marathon is committed to the developing skilled teams at every level of the organization whose diverse educational, professional, and life experiences drive technical innovation, business leadership, and the pursuit of excellence. If you would like to become part of the Marathon Team, please review the current employment opportunities by clicking the link below.
Marathon provides premier, innovative solutions that process, transport, and transform the solid waste stream into sustainable resources that benefit our customers and communities.
About Dover:
Dover is a diversified global manufacturer with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. We deliver innovative equipment and components, specialty systems and support services through four major operating segments: Energy, Engineered Systems, Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Dover combines global scale with operational agility to lead the markets we serve. Recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 60 years, our team of over 29,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what's possible. Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois, Dover trades on the New York Stock Exchange under "DOV". Additioinformationions is available at  www.dovercorporation.com .
Visit the other members of the ESG family: