About Materia
Materia develops and manufactures advanced materials that solve complex problems facing today’s electronic, energy, industrial, and transportation companies. Through our expertise, we deliver products and solutions with superior performance and manufacturing process advantages over competing technologies. At Materia, our innovations uncover the science of possibilities.
Innovators in Materials Science, Solvers of Complex Global Problems
Materia is the world leader in olefin metathesis, ROMP polymerization, and advanced materials. The maturity and scale of our Proxima® thermoset resins enables a broad range of commercially superior products, outperforming most other materials on the market. We offer one of the only user-friendly, predictable, and scalable technologies available to solve the world's toughest challenges.
Materia is driving further commercial innovations with our advanced polymer platform in collaboration with global industry leaders.
From facilitating development of oil and gas reserves in high-pressure, high-temperature environments (HPHT),  we design, develop, and manufacture products to outperform current technologies and streamline manufacturing processes, while being cleaner and more cost-effective than previously possible.
Company Profile
Materia maintains business operations, research and development facilities, and manufacturing at our headquarters in Pasadena, California. To meet large-scale demands of our high performance resin systems, Materia operates resin-manufacturing facilities in Huntsville, Texas.
HistoryOur Values
At Materia, we take pride in our high standards of excellence and our drive toward continued innovation in catalysis and materials science. Our core business values and principles are the foundation that keeps our business moving forward.
Business Excellence
We maintain the highest level of scientific, professional, ethical, and safety standards and practices. We take great pride in the work we do, the value our solutions drive for our customers, and the global benefits of our technology.
Our Customers are Our Partners
We believe how we support our customers is just as important as what we do for them. We only deliver the highest quality, competitive solutions to our customers. In driving the success of our customers, we drive our own.
Our People are Our Assets
The best results come from an environment which values and encourages the many contributions and ideas of our people. Our employees are at the center of our ability to bring commercial innovations to market.
The Science Speaks for Us
We believe that our science delivers new innovations, and we let the achievements of our technology and solutions speak for themselves.
We are Problem Solvers
Every problem has a solution. From performance to economics to manufacturing logistics, we are driven to find the right solution every time.
ConnectWe Have a Proud History as the Enablers of Innovation
Our History
The history of Materia began in the laboratories of Caltech over twenty years ago when Professor Robert H. Grubbs synthesized the world’s first broadly applicable, user-friendly olefin metathesis catalyst. The technology is one of the most important breakthroughs in modern chemistry, enabling significant industrial and commercial developments across a broad range of markets.
In partnership with Caltech and Dr. Grubbs, Materia continues to advance the Grubbs Catalyst® technology and the advanced materials based on this technology to solve complex global and business challenges, driving major economic and environmental benefits.
Connect
Dr. Robert H. Grubbs synthesizes the world’s first well-defined ruthenium olefin metathesis catalyst.
1998
2001
Materia exclusively licenses Dr. Grubbs’ core olefin metathesis patent estate from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
2002
2003
Materia enters into a distribution agreement with Sigma-Aldrich, the world’s largest research chemical distributor, to provide Materia’s customers with metathesis catalysts for research and development.
Materia and Cargill enter into a joint venture to produce value-added chemicals from renewable natural oils. The U.S. Department of Energy awards them a $3.8 million matching grant to further grow the joint venture.
2004
Materia acquires physical and intellectual property assets from Cymetech, including broad rights to use the Grubbs Catalyst technology in the production of polydicyclopentadiene (pDCPD).
2005
Dr. Grubbs is awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his groundbreaking discoveries in olefin metathesis, along with Dr. Richard Schrock and Yves Chauvin.
2007
2008
The joint venture between Materia and Cargill is officially incorporated and independently financed as Elevance Renewable Sciences.
A key US patent, #7,329,758, is issued, covering our 2nd Generation Grubbs Catalyst systems. These high-efficiency catalysts enable ruthenium metathesis chemistry to progress from use in specialty to commodity applications.
2010
Using Materia’s catalysts, Elevance enters a joint venture to manufacture high performance chemicals with plans to build the world’s largest biorefinery with a production capacity of 400 million pounds, and scalable to 800 million pounds.
2011
Materia receives a Phase I Fast Track Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) grant from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for the development of reagents and scavengers for use in high-throughput chemistry.
2012
Materia receives a Phase II Fast Track STTR grant from the NIH to continue development of functional polymers for use in organic synthesis.
Materia extends our catalyst distribution agreement with Sigma-Aldrich for an additional 10 years, enabling Sigma-Aldrich to distribute Materia’s Grubbs Catalyst technology for research and development.
2013
The first commercial drug using Materia’s Grubbs Catalyst technology is launched. The drug cures Hepatitis C.
2014
The US Department of Energy awards Materia a $2 million grant to apply Proxima® thermoset resin technology toward hydrogen storage tank manufacture to demonstrate that Proxima resins can lower the weight and cost of hydrogen tanks by decreasing the amount of carbon fiber used.
2018
Connect with us:Facilities
Materia operates two facilities located in Pasadena, California and Huntsville, Texas.
Pasadena, California
Materia’s headquarters is located in Pasadena. Including business operations, we operate advanced materials R&D, technical services, and manufacturing from our 50,000 sq. ft. facilities.
Lab Capabilities. We operate state-of-the-art laboratories enabling our world-class research, development, prototyping, and production capabilities. Our facilities are fully equipped with scientific, analytical, and fabrication equipment, allowing us to deliver reproducible and reliable performance in the research we conduct and the products we manufacture.
Huntsville, Texas
To support large-scale manufacturing of our advanced polymers and molded parts, Materia operates 25,000 sq. ft. facilities in Huntsville.
Resin Manufacturing. We currently have annual manufacturing capacity of 10 million lbs. of formulated resin, which we are currently scaling to 40 million lbs. With our high-capacity production capabilities, we’re able to meet the growing demand of our family of thermosetting resin systems.
Connect