About MBC GROUP
MBC Group (Middle East Broadcasting Center) is the largest and leading private media company in the Middle East & North Africa region that enriches people’s lives through information, interaction and entertainment. In 2002, nearly a decade after the launch of MBC1 in London, back in 1991, and as the 1st private free-to-air Arab satellite TV channel, MBC Group moved its headquarters to Dubai Media City, United Arab Emirates, where it remains.
Today, MBC Group includes 18 TV channels: MBC1 (general family entertainment); MBC2 and MBC MAX (24-hour western movies); MBC3 (children’s edutainment with a mix of both local productions and western acquisitions); MBC4 (entertainment for young families with a female-focus); MBC Action (an indigenous adrenaline-packed channel targeting young males with local and homegrown productions); MBC Variety (Western films and general entertainment with uninterrupted broadcasting); Al Arabiya News Channel (24-hour Arabic language news channel); Al Hadath (an extension of Al Arabiya News Channel with a specific focus on real events in the Arab world and beyond); Wanasah (24-hour Arabic music channel); MBC DRAMA (24/7 Arabic drama); MBC MASR (general family entertainment geared towards the Egyptian family); MBC + Drama (a joint paid-for channel between MBC and OSN); MBC Bollywood (delivering the freshest in Bollywood content geared towards the region via an Arabized interface); and most recently four sports channels, MBC PRO SPORTS (geared towards the “Saudi Football Premier League” fans in the Kingdom).
In July 2011, seven channels within MBC Group began to broadcast in HD across the MENA Region: MBC1 HD, MBC2 HD, MBC4 HD, MBC Action HD, MBC Drama HD, MBC Max HD and Al Arabiya HD. In 2013, MBC3 HD joined the bouquet of HD channels followed by MBC Variety HD in 2014.
MBC Group also includes two FM radio stations: MBC FM (Gulf music) and Panorama FM (contemporary Arabic hit music); as well as O3 Productions, a premium content drama production company. Furthermore, MBC Group includes online platforms: www.mbc.net, www.alarabiya.net, www.shahid.net (the first free VOD and catch-up portal in the Arab world) and www.actionha.net, and www.mbcprosports.net among others.
MBC1
MBC 1 was launched in 1991 as the first independent Pan Arab channel. As the first free-to-air private satellite channel, MBC1 quickly became trusted and respected go-to resource for all Arabs worldwide thanks to its fresh and contemporary entertainment programming. Today, the channel continues to be number one for family entertainment in the region. With a strong commitment to local programming, MBC1 hosts the top news service in the region as well as soap operas and hit reality TV shows. Of those shows, Arab Idol, in its third season, maintains one of the highest rated shows and continues to garner massive media attention around the world. Other prime time productions on MBC1 include Kalam Nawaem (weekly women’s talk show), Sada Al Malaeb (daily sports show), Green Apple (health show), Style (fashion show) and Al Thamina (a news show that tackles sensitive topics in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ).
MBC MASR
MBC MASR launched on November 9th, 2012. The channel provides Egyptian viewers with refined entrainment, which targets their diverse concerns and tastes through a careful selection of programs, dramas, series, movies and documentaries.
MBC MASR 2
Following the success of MBC MASR- rated at first position within the Egyptian market- after its official launch by two years, MBC GROUP launched MBC MASR 2 in October 2014, in a bid to provide the Egyptian audience with superior quality entertainment. The new channel airs a rich variety of sports and entertainment shows, in addition to live coverage of some of the Egyptian league's football matches. The matches include commentary and analysis while hosting famous football experts.
MBC DRAMA
MBC DRAMA was officially launched on November 27, 2010 as a family entertainment channel dedicated to Arabic drama series 24/7.
The launch coincided with MBC Group’s 20th anniversary and marked the Group’s 10th channel launch. The channel proved to be a testament to the Group’s success in producing local productions; dramas in particular. MBC DRAMA has also been a catalyst in creating opportunities for local directors and producers to display their work and talent to millions of viewers. These locally produced shows run alongside a variety of top-rated Egyptian and Syrian series. MBC DRAMA is distinguished by two additional repeats throughout the day, which offers its viewers the choice of time.
MBC4
MBC4 launched in 2005 and is the Arab world’s first channel exclusively geared towards young Arab families with women’s interests at its core. MBC4 prides itself on producing local flagship shows, namely Arabs Got Talent – which is based on the international franchise – as well as Your Face Sounds Familiar. The channel also broadcasts the latest top-rated Western entertainment shows.
Moreover, MBC4 focuses on acquiring international dramas, which are dubbed into Arabic, in addition to Korean content (also dubbed into Arabic).
MBC2
MBC2 was launched on 12th January 2003, however, back then it was not purely a movie channel. It’s programming included: Local News in English, American Drama Series, Oprah and a music show presented by Razan Al-Mougrabi called Tops and Pops. But it was movies, which touched a nerve with our viewers, and hit rating highs, at a level that nobody could have predicted. So it was in 2005 MBC2 transformed into the world’s first 24-hour free-to-air movie channel and shouted this message loudly from the rooftops with campaign messages such as non-stop movies, non-stop emotions, and the long running strap-line “Feel it”. Long Term movie deals with all the major Hollywood studios followed and Global hits such as Titanic and Gladiator proved equally successful with audiences across the Middle East and North Africa. Proof that no content crosses borders better than movies was underlined when MBC2 became the most viewed Pan Arab channel. The Channel offers Themed night on a daily base. Such as: The Early Movie — Airing every day; Monday Night Premieres; Comedy Night —Every Saturday; In addition to Horror themed nights, and a daily Entertainment show. MBC 2 is, also airing a new type of filler called “Me and the Cinema”. The segment showcase award-winning Arab Actors and Directors talking about Hollywood’s influence on them.
In 2011 MBC2 brought local production back to the channel by commissioning Scoop with Raya in which our globe-trotting presenter meets the stars. On April 1st, 2012 - MBC2 launched an all-new and extended version of “Scoop with Raya”, presented by Raya Abirached.
Raya enabled our viewers with access to all the top movie stars and kept them up-to-date with all the latest Hollywood news and gossip. Aligned with MBC2 positioning as the “THE FIRST AND #1 FREE-TO-AIR NON-STOP CHANNEL IN MIDDLE EAST & NORTH AFRICA”, this show extends Hollywood news from a truly Arabic perspective. The show becomes Hollywood’s preferred platform for delivering movie news to audiences around the Arab world. Raya, needless to mention, raises the bar with her own brand of glamour.
MBC MAX
MBC MAX was launched in 2008 as MBC Group’s second 24-hour movie channel, which caters to a younger audience. The channel delivers a family viewing experience and airs Western comedy, action, drama and romantic movies.
MBC BOLLYWOOD
MBC Bollywood was launched, with great fanfare, on the 26th of October 2013 by Bollywood Superstar “Kareena Kapoor”. A unique launch idea revealed the MBC Bollywood Logo via a grand Bollywood style live performance by Superstar “Kareena Kapoor” on the platform of ‘Arabs Got Talent’.
The channel delivers a fresh approach to Bollywood by offering the region a combination of the newest Bollywood content along with culturally relevant daily drama series and premium celebrity magazine shows from the Indian subcontinent. The content has also been made relevant to the region via an Arabized interface, which is mostly dubbed into Syrian.
Both entertainment seekers and drama lovers tune in to our unique new wave of Bollywood content that offers a high dose of cultural and social relevance. Moreover, movies and series have all been cherry-picked for originality, significance and relevance to our Arab audiences. By doing this, the channel was able to not only attract the Bollywood Films fan base, but to a much wider
MBC Bollywood also offers themed nights including Premiere Movie Night (first-run Bollywood movies on Arab TV), Star of the Month (showcasing Bollywood’s biggest icons), New Age Bollywood (movies that break the cliché Bollywood formula), Bollywood Action Nights (thrilling Bollywood experiences) and Romance Nights (soulful music meets serene settings).
MBC ACTION
MBC Action launched in 2007 with the latest action packed movies, dramas and thrillers targeting young Arab males. The new addition proved to be an instant success. Since then, it has been growing aggressively and even more so since it started developing localized content that appeals to the passions of Arab men.
The show to come out this initiative is “Driven”, launched on 23 November 2010. Ever since then, MBC Action has successfully introduced a new production every year. The show is a weekly, cutting-edge, credible magazine format, car show that satisfies the insatiable appetite of diehard car enthusiasts. It holds an editorially strong package geared predominantly towards the ever-growing Saudi male youth, who are fully engaged in the car-pimping culture.
“Action Ya Dory”, was launched in 13 December 2011; a highly successful and popular live football show, which airs seven times a week and is hosted by Saudi presenter Waleed Al Farraj. The show is built around highlights from the Saudi League and features a tabloid review of the happenings in the Saudi football world. Waleed Al-Farraj, is one of the most influential sports anchors, who is highly regarded by Saudis for his bold and open approach. Walid enjoys massive social media equity with more than 2M twitter followers.
MBC Action followed with “Desert Force” — the first Arab Mixed Martial Arts Grand Prix, which launched in September 19 2012. Desert Force “Al Academiya” was launched in Nov 4th 2013, targeting Arab MMA fighters.
On top of a very dynamic and exciting TV offering, MBC Action introduced the first of its kind youth event in Saudi Arabia, “Actionha Fel Riyadh” in 2010. Following that success, the lifestyle male website was launched by end of 2010. To complement this cross platform success, MBC ACTION has built a massive social media following across the region and now has more than 2.7M twitter followers and above 7.1M Facebook fans.
The channel is also considered, the only Arab male entertainment destination in the region; delivering a focused and dynamic 360 experience, which extends out of TV, into on-ground, online and social media.
MBC3
MBC3 was launched in 2004 and is the kid’s entertainment channel. It delivers a programming mix of children's education and entertainment that connects with, and stimulates, the imagination of Arab kids aged between 3 to 13 years. It also creates quality-viewing time for parents. During the span of the past ten-year, MBC3 proved to be the No. 1 Arabic kids Channel.
The channel focuses on local productions in Arabic, including edutainment, games and reality shows, while also continuing its various long-standing international studio deals and partnerships. Some of the main primetime productions of the channel include Eish Safari (children’s adventure program), Tasali Ahla Alam (live game show hosted by MBC3 presenters), Banat Wa Bass (young girls’ talk show) and Eish Tabkheen ya Dania (kids’ cooking show). The latest addition to the schedule is Al Tajroba which is presented by Dania Al Shafe’i and focuses on scientific experiments for kids, as well as Gentle Steps- a segment about motherhood that airs simultaneously on MBC1 once a week.
Finally, MBC3 has a long-standing deal with Nickelodeon to air their kid’s shows and programs, which in return are dubbed into Arabic. MBC 3 started airing Nick shows including Victorious, iCarly and Drake & Josh.
In addition to, The Nicktoons, programs including: T.U.F.F. Puppy, Fairly Odd Parents and Spongebob Squarepants. And for the younger audiences, The Nick Jr., shows including: Dora The Explorer, Go Diego Go and Blue's Room.
MBC FM
MBC FM Radio, a leading radio station in the region, was launched in 1994. It was the first private radio station in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . MBC FM shaped the concept of radio listening in the entire Kingdom, and it continues to succeed in providing the best Gulf music, poetry and entertainment. MBC FM forms an integral part of the lifestyle, culture and composition of the Saudi and Gulf communities.
Thanks to the distinctive Gulf flavor of its integrated package of programs, MBC FM Radio provides a rich heritage that enriches the life of generations in the Saudi society.
MBC FM is currently the No. 1 radio station in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with 28% of the total radio market share, while the closest competitor is less than half of its share.
PANORAMA FM
Panorama FM was launched in 2004; The Station continues to maintain its position as the nation’s primary modern Radio Station for Saudis & Arab youth and holds it’s a position as a pioneer in Pan Arab music, talk shows and programs
Since its launched in 2004, Panorama FM has evolved from a radio station broadcasting traditional classical music, news and talk shows with coverage in Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and the city of Baghdad, to growing, developing and keeping pace with the changing tastes of modern Arab youth.
Now, with a new identity that provides contemporary Pan Arab and Khaleeji music, the Station has become characterized by a trademark that is more focused on the youth market in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, through offering the best at all in an attempt to disseminate the entertainment experience on the radio stations.
It’s currently the number 2 radio station in Kingdom of Saudi Arabia after MBC FM with 11.1% of the total market share while the closest competitor has 8%
PRO SPORTS
Under the slogan "a new home for Saudi football ", and in parallel with the launch of the Saudi Super Cup 2014, MBC Group launched a network of channels, namely MBC PRO SPORTS, on August 7th 2014.
MBC PRO SPORTS channels are specialized in broadcasting the Saudi Premier League, throughout the seasons, with approximately 240 games per season, while delivering superior HD quality, impeccable production quality and high standards in broadcast transmission.
The network aims to contribute to the advancement of Saudi football, and provide extensive and complete coverage for all Football fans through the work of a group of reporters, media analysts, and commentators, in addition to contributing to the development of the clubs and consolidate their positions while improving the game.
MBC PRO SPORTS channels will broadcast all major games and Saudi tournaments, including games played during the same time slot. To keep pace with the matches, the channels will present its viewers with a bouquet of programs comprising of analytical panels and talk shows with select media and sports personalities. Furthermore, there will be extensive coverage of the matches, accompanied with special programming before and after the games.
MBC PRO SPORTS channels will give its viewers the chance to choose between “HD” format, and the regular “SD” format.
AL ARABIYA
Al Arabiya News Channel was launched in 2003 and soon became the source of choice for Arabs seeking credible news and information about the Middle East and the world beyond. The 24/7 free-to-air channel also upholds a reputation for sober and balanced reporting which now extends beyond the natural geographic and cultural domain of the region.
With an extensive global network of correspondents and reporters Al Arabiya News Channel provides its audiences with the latest updates, scoops, interviews and exclusives. And with nearly 30 offices around the world including a large-scale presence in several key countries such as Iraq, Palestine, The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, and Yemen, Al Arabiya enjoys a competitive edge in providing on-the-ground, first-hand coverage of major events of relevance to its audience and the world at large.
Al Arabiya’s charter embodies an independent editorial policy based on providing its viewers with speedy news service and a balanced analysis that is thoughtfully accurate, comprehensive and objective.
AL HADATH
On January 12th, 2012, Al Hadath was launched as a free-to-air news and current affairs satellite channel, which operates as an extension of the long-standing Al Arabiya News Channel.
From an editorial perspective, Al Hadath focuses on extensive live coverage of events as they happen from across the Arab world and beyond. This focus includes reporting on politics, breaking news, sports, business and finance. This is coupled with an in-depth studio analysis featuring high profile guests with coverage by the channel’s correspondents in the field.
Al Hadath aims to reinvent the way networks operate within the restriction of conventional television programming. They do this with a capable team of reporters who ensure an uninterrupted news feed and truly impartial news coverage.
Al Arabiya and Al Hadath news channels occasionally share key content in addition to news bulletins.
WANASAH
Wanasah was launched in 2007 and is a 24-hour music channel that targets the Arab youth, mainly in the Gulf region. The channel offers a fresh selection of music videos, concerts, music and lifestyle programs as well as series. It’s also well known for hosting Jalsat Wanasah- a mega annual production between Wanasah and MBC1 that hosts Arab stars and singers.
MBC VARIETY
MBC Variety HD launched in 2013. The General Entertainment channel broadcasts an exciting mix of western premium TV series, talk shows, soaps and movies. It also offers viewers an uninterrupted viewing experience thanks to the ‘no commercials’ exclusion. Another feature of MBC Variety is the option to watch the dubbed shows in English with Arabic sub-titles.
MBC Variety marked the ninth HD channel to be added to the MBC Group portfolio.
MBC.net
MBC.net is one of the leading Arabic entertainment web portals in the region. With an attractive mix of sports, entertainment, movies and music content, along with its user interactivity and social networking features, MBC.net is a unique experience. The website provides its visitors with the ability to tune into MBC FM and Panorama FM through live streaming.
ALARABIYA.NET
Alarabiya.net is the online website for the Al Arabiya News Channel, one of the most popular, interactive news portals in the Arab world. Alarabiya.net offers the latest news, views and in-depth features. The site can be browsed in Arabic, English, Urdu, and Persian.
SHAHID.NET
Shahid.net was re-launched in July 2011, as the first free video-on-demand and leading TV catch-up service in the MENA region. The website serves to engage its users with MBC’s most exclusive content and broadcasts through the aggregation of different TV programs. Shahid.net’s users also have access to the archives of previous episodes and they can enjoy independence from broadcasting hours allowing them to watch TV content wherever and whenever.
Shahid.net boasts the biggest TV content library in the region because it’s not limited to a specific content mix or channel. Rather, the website hosts content from the majority of MBC on-air programs in addition to other networks.
O3 PRODUCTIONS
O3 Productions is a subsidiary of MBC Group and specializes in a variety of productions. O3 is one of the regional market leaders in producing and distributing the best-of content as well as providing inventive programming, documentaries, docu-dramas, factual entertainment, reality shows, Arabic drama, dubbed drama and more. One of the company’s most successful productions, aired during Ramadan 2012, was OMAR. To date it is the largest production in modern TV history within the Middle East region and a joint production between MBC Group and Qatar TV. Other productions include 04, a new transmedia experience in the region, Rubi, an Arab adaptation of the famous telenovella, and more recently, Neeran Sadeeqa, a Syrian series, which aired in Ramadan 2013.
In 2014, O3 Productions was responsible for producing Saraya Abdeen- which aired on MBC1 & MBC MASR during Ramadan. Saraya Abdeen, or “The Palace” in English, represented the seat of power in Egypt for many decades from the 19th century onwards. The story is about the power struggle among the household of The Palace, namely between the Khedive wives and his mother to win the heart of the Khedive, the ruler of Egypt. It is a drama about how far one would go for love and power.
MBC FACILITIES
In 2002, MBC Facilities was established to cater to the needs of the broadcast and production industry. The company has quickly evolved into a reliable source of equipment, televised events and productions, while also providing high-end technical equipment and support.
PLATINUM RECORDS
Platinum Records, a record label company which operates under the umbrella of MBC Group, was launched in 2007. The company’s slogan ‘Creating Stars’ represents the objective of targeting new and upcoming talents from across the region, in addition to developing, promoting and managing their rights.
Platinum Records is a full-service entertainment company, inclusive of artist, producer and talent management; music publishing; branded content digital platform; touring & merchandising; film & television; new business ventures; and a music label.
It is home to a diverse roster comprised of critically acclaimed recording artists and music producers. Platinum Records represents talent from all the major TV formats: Arab Idol, The Voice Arabia, Arabs Got Talent and Coke Studio including: Mohammed Assaf, Hala Turk, Dounia Batma, Carmen Sleiman and many others.
MBC+ POWER
MBC+ POWER is an entertainment channel for Africa offering exclusive WWE shows, express from the U.S., and much more Tuff-Guy TV. It is the start of a new Pay TV bouquet for Sub-Saharan Africa offering premium content at an affordable price
You are here:
MBC Group has updated the Privacy Policy of its services and digital platforms. Know more about the privacy policy.