About Us
Who We Are
Our Mission, Vision and Values
Executive Management Team
Board of Directors
Our Locations
Contact Us
Products
Dermatology Products/Aesthetics Devices
Gastrointestinal
Eye Health
Generics, Neurology and Other
Dentistry
Consumer Health
U.S. Product List
R & D
Our Pipeline
Responsibility
The Bausch Foundation
U.S. Health Care Compliance
Payments to U.S. Health Care Professionals
U.S. Grants
Declaration of Compliance
U.S. Health Care Compliance Policy
U.S. Assistance Programs
Patient Assistance Programs
Grants and Investigator-Initiated Studies
U.S. Supplier Diversity
Submitting a Supplier Diversity Profile
Safety Data Sheets
CSR Report
Investors
NewsRoom
Our Perspective
News Releases
Careers
Working at Bausch Health
Benefits
Our U.S. Businesses
Job Search
Go
ABOUT US
Who We Are
Bausch Health is focused on delivering on our commitments to patients, health care providers, stakeholders and society, as we build an innovative company dedicated to advancing global health.
Each day, Bausch Health products are used by up to 150 million people around the world. Our diversified portfolio of products offer a core focus on the following therapeutic areas:
Eye Health (Bausch + Lomb)
»
Gastrointestinal Diseases (Salix Pharmaceuticals)
»
Dermatology (Ortho Dermatologics)
»
Our Vision, Mission and Values
Read More
Executive Management Team
Read More
Worldwide locations
See the list
»
Contact Us
Learn how to reach us
»
Bausch Health Companies Inc.
CONTACT US 
LEGAL NOTICE 
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP 
Use of this site signifies your agreement to the Legal Notice and Privacy Policy.
says:
Thank you for visiting 
.
By clicking OK, you will be taken to a third-party website or websites to which our Privacy Policy and other rules do not apply. Bausch Health does not have editorial control over the content of the information provided in such website(s) and therefore does not warrant or otherwise attest to their accuracy and completeness. You are solely responsible for your interactions with such website(s).
Ok
CancelWho We Are
Bausch Health is focused on improving people’s lives with our health care products. We are delivering on our commitments to patients, health care providers, other stakeholders and society, as we build an innovative company dedicated to advancing global health.
We manufacture and market a broad range of branded and generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products and medical devices (contact lenses, intraocular lenses, ophthalmic surgical equipment and aesthetic devices) directly or indirectly in more than 90 countries and regions, including the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and Latin America. Each day, our products are used by up to 150 million people around the world.
We have a diversified portfolio of products, with a core focus in the following areas:
Bausch Health serves the following geographic regions:
North America, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Each of these regions offers a different focus for their distinct markets and each market has a unique mix of prescription brands, over-the-counter (OTC) products and medical devices.
To learn more about our global presence, click on a region.
Canada
Product areas: specialty pharmaceutical, OTCs
United States
Product areas: specialty pharmaceutical, OTCs, medical devices
Latin America
Product areas: branded generics, OTCs
Presence in Mexico, Brazil and Argentina
Europe and Middle East
Therapeutic focus: dermatology, eye health, consumer healthcare
Product areas: branded generics, OTCs, medical devices
Presence in Europe, Poland, Russia and CIS, Turkey, Middle East, N. Africa
Asia Pacific
Product areas: pharmaceutical, OTCs, branded generics, medical devices
Presence in China, Japan, S. Korea, India, Australia, S. Africa, SE Asia
Different Focus in Different Markets
Bausch Health Companies Inc.
Laval, Quebec H7L 4A8
Copyright © 2018 Bausch Health. All rights reserved.
Thank you for visiting .
By clicking OK, you will be taken to a third-party website or websites to which our Privacy Policy and other rules do not apply. Bausch Health does not have editorial control over the content of the information provided in such website(s) and therefore does not warrant or otherwise attest to their accuracy and completeness. You are solely responsible for your interactions with such website(s).Our Vision
Our Mission
Improving people’s lives with our health care products
Bausch Health’s mission is supported by five pillars – guiding principles that are foundational to our success and future growth. They provide overall direction for the company and the tools necessary to rise to any challenge.
Quality Health Care Outcomes: We are dedicated to delivering high-value, meaningful products and services that resonate with patients and prescribers. Bringing value to our stakeholders while delivering safe and effective products is at the heart of everything we do.
Customer Focused: We measure ourselves and our actions through the lens of our customers and patients. We build strong relationships with customers and deliver on quality products and service.
Innovation: Innovation is essential, as we search out new ways and continuously identify opportunities to design, develop and advance creative, ethical solutions that are timely and effective.
Efficiency: Focus and execution enables us to drive productivity, leaving no stone unturned in identifying where we can make improvements and deliver value. We address the challenges of a changing market quickly and never compromise on quality.
People: Our employees come to work each day focused on improving people’s lives. They are essential to the success of the organization. We strive to build and retain a strong team by recognizing and rewarding excellence, and by creating development opportunities.
Our Values
Our core values define what we stand for, how we conduct ourselves and how we interact with colleagues, customers, vendors, shareholders and others. Our core values are:
Accountability: Accepting personal responsibility for our actions and focusing on finding solutions and delivering results. We keep our promises and commitments.
Agility: Responding rapidly to changes in the internal and external environment without losing momentum or vision.
Courage: Acting decisively and leading boldly, imagining and pursuing new possibilities for our future. We stand up for what is right and support others who do so.
Integrity: Conducting business with the highest standards of professional behavior and ethics. We are transparent, honest, ethical and fair in all of our interactions; people trust us to adhere to our word.
Teamwork: Achieving common goals through open and honest communication. We show concern for one another and are supportive of each other’s efforts.
Results Orientation: Consistently delivering required business results, meeting deadlines and complying with quality, productivity and performance standards.
Laval, Quebec H7L 4A8
Copyright © 2018 Bausch Health. All rights reserved.
Thank you for visiting .
By clicking OK, you will be taken to a third-party website or websites to which our Privacy Policy and other rules do not apply. Bausch Health does not have editorial control over the content of the information provided in such website(s) and therefore does not warrant or otherwise attest to their accuracy and completeness. You are solely responsible for your interactions with such website(s).