About Us
Meyer Tool is a privately held, high-tech manufacturing company supplying a variety of precision components to the aerospace and gas turbine engine industries. The company began as Meyer Tool & Die in 1951, and has evolved over the years into an industry leader in turbine technologies, vertically integrated and offering all post casting processes as the trusted manufacturing partner. Meyer Tool currently has over 1,100 electrical discharge machining (EDM) machines (wire, ram, and fast hole drilling). Meyer Tool not only specializes in EDM , but also waterjet machining , conventional machining, abrasive grinding , laser machining and welding , EB welding , coating , airflow testing and other processes required to be the trusted manufacturing partner for airfoils and other hot section turbine components.
Meyer Tool is a quality-driven, technology-focused organization with a workforce of over 1,500 team members throughout eleven facilities world-wide. The company’s headquarters is located in Cincinnati, Ohio with supporting sites in Kentucky, Texas, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, New York, Connecticut, Canada and Poland. Meyer Tool supports all of the OEM Primes in the gas turbine engine industry with both new-make and overhaul/repair services. The company holds AS9100 and Nadcap certifications for all special processes.
Ingrained in the Meyer Tool culture is the mindset of continuous improvement. This philosophy is based on the tools and concepts of Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing. All production jobs are monitored and controlled real-time using Statistical Process Control (SPC) techniques through the proprietary Orion data management system. Machine centers and dimensional and visual inspection systems are automated and CNC controlled. With over 1,100 EDM machines, Meyer Tool is North America’s largest EDM shop and remains on the cutting edge of technology through continuing investment in research and development.
The men and women of Meyer Tool take great pride in offering the aerospace and gas turbine engine industries a “one stop” approach to doing business, by providing a range of expertise and world class manufacturing capabilities. Contact us today to find out how Meyer Tool can streamline your supply chain and outsourced production.
Certifications
Social Media
Contact UsFive Axis Vision Inspection
Meyer Tool utilizes Five Axis Vision Inspection Systems for a variety of non-contact dimensional inspections.  Designed and built to support Meyer Tool’s own production, the system has a proven track record for providing accurate and precise measurements on line-of-sight, machined characteristics.
The Five Axis Vision Inspection System is ideal for measuring the position of cooling holes and slots, as well as inspecting diffuser footprints, notches, and diameters.  The variable data feeds directly into the Orion SPC data management package for real-time and off-line analysis.
Meyer Tool created the system to address a key problem facing the industry:  how best to accurately obtain positional measurements for small diameter cooling holes on airfoils. Many competitors and customers use CMMs or manual layouts to verify the true position of these holes.   Both methods rely on a small pin that flexes and bends and can result in false readings.   Meyer Tool’s Five Axis Vision Inspection System successfully passes Gage R&R studies for hole positions held as tight as .010″ – .020″.
Machine Accuracy:
Rotary Axis Positioning: ±30 seconds
Linear Axis Repeatability: ±.0005″
Rotary Axis Repeatability: ±15 seconds
The system is controlled by Meyer Tool’s proprietary software with programs generated from the CAD model. The machine measures the difference between the nominal position and the deviation in X and Y from nominal at the center of the hole.
The Five Axis Vision Inspection System also works like a surface light comparator, allowing a variety of characteristics to be measured, stored and analyzed.  Screen capture images can be generated as documentation to support an inspection result.
eCAD Comparator
Recently, Meyer Tool began working with Certified Comparator Products and their new eCad system, which combines networked CAD data with a state-of-the-art CNC visual comparator.  The eCad system links the CAD data to the product or consumable being inspected, showing the tolerance bands.   Variable and attribute measurements are acquired through the system and managed via the Orion SPC network.
Certifications
Social Media
Contact Us