Microchip Technology Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller, analog, FPGA, connectivity and power management semiconductors. Its easy-to-use development tools and comprehensive product portfolio enable customers to create optimal designs which reduce risk while lowering total system cost and time to market. The company’s solutions serve more than 130,000 customers across the industrial, automotive, consumer, aerospace and defense, communications and computing markets. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.
Relationship
Are you looking for a business partner, not just a vendor? 
Do you want quality components?
Successful companies recognize the value of a strategic supplier relationship to help them deliver innovative products to their markets in a timely manner. They trust their suppliers to furnish quality components for current design opportunities as well as provide technology road maps and innovative solutions to stay ahead of tomorrow’s design trends.
Migrate
Do you need additional memory or peripherals?
Cut down your revision cycle time. Designing in Microchip’s devices allows easy migration throughout our entire portfolio of devices. Upgrading your product with drop-in replacements and reusable code has never been easier with our  MPLAB® Integrated Development Environment (IDE)  and similar pin-to-pin compatible devices*. Our easy-to-use product roadmaps display the migration path for every product family with specifications, peripherals and highlights to pinpoint the best range of devices.
Embed
What is your application?
Microchip’s product line is the solution for your embedded design needs. From cost-competitive Analog and Memory devices to performance PIC®Microcontrollers (MCUs) and dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers (DSCs), our devices provide a custom fit in your cost-sensitive design. Quickly integrate our devices into applications from simple to complex. Our starter kits and free reference designs can help get you going.
Use our new Microchip Advanced Parts Selector (MAPS) tool and Development Tools Selector (DTS) to review the entire Microchip product line and find the right devices wherever you are in the design cycle.
Succeed
Do you want the competitive edge?
In today’s highly competitive market conditions, Microchip’s goal is to provide the best devices, value and support to reduce your risk and streamline your time to market. We’ve added resources to aid in every aspect of your design from start to finish with easy to use product selection tools, 24/7 global technical support, web-based on-line training, Regional Training Centers (RTC) and a well-trained team of field personnel. Our commitment to customer satisfaction is exemplified by the company’s ISO/TS-16949 qualifications. With our free evaluation samples and 24-hour inventory, pricing and ordering through microchipDIRECT, it’s never been easier to meet your product launch schedules.
*Contact Microchip for details on migration strategy and product family compatibility.
Sign up for MicroSolutions , our monthly e-newsletter, to receive the latest product updates and special announcements as well as exclusive discounts.
Microchip Technology Inc. The Embedded Control Solutions Company® Microchip Technology Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller and analog semiconductors, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, Microchip offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality. http://www.microchip.com
This website uses cookies for analytics, personalization, and other purposes. Click to learn more. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookies Statement.