Part Catalogs
FBGA and Part Marking Decoder
Due to space limitations, FBGA-packaged components have an abbreviated part marking that is different from the part number. Use our decoder tool to find your part number.
About Micron Insight
Micron Insight brings you stories about how technology transforms information to enrich lives. Learn, imagine, innovate, solve, and gain insight on the technology trends of today and tomorrow from thought leaders around the world. We've built our technological expertise for over 40 years and now we are sharing that expertise with you. Learn how intelligence is being accelerated to enrich life in science and medicine, at the edge, and through the speed of data access and analysis. Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron Insight.
Register
Get maximum visibility to confidential data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.com account.
Redefining what's possible.
Micron memory and storage solutions define what the world can do with data. Our more than 34,000 team members, in 17 different countries, work with countless customers to innovate every day and pursue the products that will shape how we live and work tomorrow.
Driving technology that shapes...
Transforming how the world uses information.
Memory and storage have moved beyond simply holding data to now unlocking its meaning and value. They transform data into insight that people use. Through our global brands — Micron, Crucial, and Ballistix — we offer the industry's broadest portfolio of memory and storage products for the latest applications.
Micron makes it happen.
A world of ideas, memories, and knowledge — accessed, managed, and connected in ways never imagined. Discover how Micron makes it all possible.
Watch Video
Micron memory is all around you.
Our memory is almost everywhere. Check out our solutions to see where.
Coming together to innovate better.
At Micron we value collaboration and our teams. Because that's where the best ideas and breakthroughs are born. Our team members, partners, customers, and leadership work closely together to deliver — setting a high bar for ourselves and our industry. Because transformation always starts within.
Join our team.
Work with the ones who dream up the technology that drives and changes our world.
Out of the lab. Into the world.
See what the best minds at Micron are thinking up to improve the world around us.
Smartphones are accelerating the personalization of the connected car.
Imagine getting into a rental car, and after a quick data sync with your smartphone, the car has all of your personal preferences, specifically tailored to your individual needs.
Buy into an improved online shopping experience.
Before you make a purchase — before you start browsing and before you even consider a product — online shopping algorithms are making calculated deductions on what you need next, before you even know you need it.
Our day-to-day operations wouldn't be possible without our team members' commitment to business integrity and environmental sustainability. Whether it's adhering to our professional values or valuing the communities we work in, for us, doing business better means doing business right.
Our Stewardship
Our Stewardship
Operating Thoughtfully
Operating Thoughtfully
Reducing our operational impact to the environment and our communities.
Through a blend of corporate global strategy and local adaptation to the unique challenges and opportunities that each of our facilities and operating locations present, we're always working toward making our operations more sustainable.
Empowering People
Empowering People
Valuing our team members and supporting our communities.
Our commitment to team members is reflected in our core value People, and illustrated by our relentless drive to provide an engaging work environment that is ethical, diverse and inclusive.
Sourcing Responsibly
Sourcing Responsibly
Our rigorous sourcing standards maintain the sustainability of our operations while improving social and environmental conditions through our industry's supply chain.
Operating Thoughtfully
Empowering People
Sourcing Responsibly
+
Helping the world work smarter, play more spontaneously, and connect and communicate more efficiently.
At Micron, we solve real challenges for real companies. From OEMs, to IoT developers, to global data center operators--our industry and market landscape is ever-changing, and demand is rapidly expanding. We work side-by-side with customers to drive that change and meet demand.
+Part Catalogs
FBGA and Part Marking Decoder
Due to space limitations, FBGA-packaged components have an abbreviated part marking that is different from the part number. Use our decoder tool to find your part number.
About Micron Insight
Micron Insight brings you stories about how technology transforms information to enrich lives. Learn, imagine, innovate, solve, and gain insight on the technology trends of today and tomorrow from thought leaders around the world. We've built our technological expertise for over 40 years and now we are sharing that expertise with you. Learn how intelligence is being accelerated to enrich life in science and medicine, at the edge, and through the speed of data access and analysis. Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron Insight.
Register
Get maximum visibility to confidential data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.com account.
Our Company
Corporate Profile
We are a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For over 40 years, our company has been instrumental to the world’s most significant technology advancements, delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications.
Worldwide Locations
Nothing is more important than our commitment to integrity. The quality of our reputation is just as important as the quality of our products. Our future is built on continuous innovation, but our day-to-day operations wouldn’t be possible without our team members’ commitment to conducting business with uncompromising integrity and professionalism. We take a proactive approach to environmental stewardship, occupational health and safety, and high-quality product standards. As a result, our award-winning efforts have been recognized internationally.
A Long-Term Innovation Path
We began in 1978 as a four-person semiconductor design company in the basement of a Boise, Idaho, dental office. By 1980 we had broken ground on our first fabrication plant, and then just a few years later we introduced the world’s smallest 256K DRAM. In 1994, we earned a spot on the Fortune 500 and steadily grew into an industry leader through our technology innovations, key partnerships, and strategic acquisitions around the world. Check out the milestones that have made us who we are today.
The primary objective of Micron Ventures is to assist Micron in supporting the long-term needs of its customers. As a key component of Micron’s innovation strategy, early stage equity investments provide Micron with access to technologies, markets, applications, and key innovations influencing the semiconductor space.
+Part Catalogs
FBGA and Part Marking Decoder
Due to space limitations, FBGA-packaged components have an abbreviated part marking that is different from the part number. Use our decoder tool to find your part number.
About Micron Insight
Micron Insight brings you stories about how technology transforms information to enrich lives. Learn, imagine, innovate, solve, and gain insight on the technology trends of today and tomorrow from thought leaders around the world. We've built our technological expertise for over 40 years and now we are sharing that expertise with you. Learn how intelligence is being accelerated to enrich life in science and medicine, at the edge, and through the speed of data access and analysis. Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron Insight.
Register
Get maximum visibility to confidential data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.com account.
Our Innovation
Watch video
+
Helping the world work smarter, play more spontaneously, and communicate more efficiently.
Our team of visionaries and trailblazers has redefined innovation — designing and building advanced memory and semiconductor technologies that transform what’s possible.
Our History of Innovation
Micron Technology Is Founded
Micron started as a four-person semiconductor design company in the basement of a Boise, Idaho dental office. Micron’s first contract was for the design of a 64K memory chip for Mostek Corporation.
Micron Engineers Finalize 64K DRAM Design
While not the first company to make 64K DRAM, Micron’s engineers created a newer, smaller version that was lauded as the smallest 64K DRAM design in the world. This innovative design led to high-volume manufacturing of the company’s first 64K product in 1981.
Micron Ships its First 64K DRAM Product
Micron’s 64K DRAM was the first product manufactured at the company’s newly completed fabrication facility in Boise, Idaho. Micron sold its 64K DRAM into many of the first mass-produced personal computers, including the Commodore 64 home computer.
Micron Unveils World’s Smallest 256K DRAM Chip
In addition to being introduced as the world’s smallest 256K DRAM die, this chip also represented an industry milestone in DRAM density. By using bigger and easier-to-read memory cells, the 256K DRAM was a springboard to future efficiency and profitability for the young memory startup.
Micron Brings 1-Megabit DRAM to Market
A milestone in density, the 1Mb DRAM became a staple for main memory in PCs and graphics cards during the late 1980s and 1990s. Micron’s 1Mb DRAM enabled high-capacity SIMM modules that supported PCs equipped with Microsoft’s new Windows OS.
Micron Introduces First Video RAM and Fast Static RAM Products
The introductions of 256K video RAM and fast static RAM broadened Micron’s product portfolio beyond traditional DRAM, enabling Micron to become a player in differentiated memory types.
Micron 16-Megabit DRAM Enables PCs With New Windows 3.1
A milestone in density, the 16-megabit DRAM replaced Micron's mainstay 4-megabit DRAM lineup. These higher capacity chips coincided with Microsoft’s release of Windows 3.1, which drove minimum PC RAM requirements to 1 megabyte.
Micron Produces Industry’s First DDR DRAM
Micron’s demonstration of the Samurai double data rate (DDR) chipset proved that DDR memory could deliver performance equivalent to the competing Direct RDRAM solution, but at a much lower cost. Ultimately, DDR would become the undisputed industry-standard interface for high-performance DRAM.
Micron's Quad Data Rate SRAM Doubles Memory Bandwidth
Micron’s innovative quad data rate (QDR) architecture effectively doubled the SRAM bandwidth for communication applications such as switches and routers. This unique design used two ports to independently run at a double data rate, resulting in four data items per clock cycle.
Micron Demonstrates Industry's First 1Gigabit DDR on 110nm Process
Micron’s 1Gb DDR was built on the most advanced process technology in the world (110nm), outpacing semiconductor giants Intel and AMD who were still on 130nm. This chip established Micron as the memory industry leader in both density and interface performance.
Micron Develops 1.3-Megapixel CMOS Image Sensor
Micron’s entry into image sensors established the company as an innovator capable of making CMOS technology with image quality rivaling charge coupled device (CCD) sensors. Today, CMOS sensors are the standard in digital cameras of all types, from smartphones to high-end professional gear.
Micron Unveils Pseudo-Static RAM for Cell Phones
Pseudo-Static SRAM (PSRAM) delivered the high bandwidth, capacity and low power necessary to replace SRAM in mobile devices. Micron’s leadership in PSRAM paved the way for future low-power DRAM products that are used in mobile devices today.
Micron Develops the Industry’s First 6F2 DRAM Cell
Micron developed an entirely new 6F2 cell architecture to replace the industry’s 8F2 cell standard, enabling approximately 25% more bits per wafer. This higher-density design enabled Micron to reclaim the title as the industry’s most cost-competitive memory producer.
Micron Introduces High-Capacity, Low-Power Mobile LPDRAM
Micron’s 16MB DRAM — built on a tiny 33mm2 die — enabled higher capacity and lower power in a small footprint. As cell phones transitioned from simple voice to multimedia, LPDRAM requirements increased dramatically, a trend that continues in smartphones today.
Micron Develops Mongoose Tester for Improved Accuracy, Lower Costs
This internally-developed tester is used exclusively by Micron to increase DRAM test throughput and accuracy. Micron continues to evolve this tester platform to meet new and future memory standards.
Micron Unveils the World's Highest-Density Server Memory Module
Micron’s 16GB DDR2 module served the fast-growing server memory footprint of the 2000s as the rise of virtualization technology packed multiple applications onto single servers. These high-density server modules are a trend that continues today.
Micron Develops Industry’s First Pitch-Doubled NAND
Pitch-doubling was introduced as a lithography technique for increasing bit density without a lithography change. This method involved the separation of bit lines into first and second metal layers, allowing Micron to deliver a 16Gb MLC device on existing 50nm technology.
Micron Advances Low-Latency, Low-Power RLDRAM 2 Memory
Originally designed for networking, this high-performance DRAM quickly became the solution of choice for an unexpected application: DLP-based TVs and projectors. While density has increased over time, reduced latency DRAM remains a staple in networking applications today.
Micron and Intel First to Deliver Sub-40nm NAND Flash Memory
This multi-level cell (MLC) NAND flash device was the industry’s first monolithic 32Gb NAND, which enabled high-density solid state storage in very small form factor devices, including digital cameras, personal music players and digital camcorders.
Micron Ships RealSSD™ C300, Industry’s Fastest Client SSD
At the time of launch, the C300 was the industry’s fastest SSD for notebook and desktop PCs. With support for the SATA III interface, this SSD delivered 6 Gb/s which significantly boosted throughput speeds for data transfers, application loads and boot times.
Micron and Intel Announce World’s First 20nm MLC NAND
This 128Gb MLC memory could store 1Tb of data in a single fingertip-size package with just eight die, setting a new storage benchmark. Additionally, this memory was the first to use an innovative planar cell structure that overcame the scaling constraints of standard floating-gate NAND.
Micron Debuts Hybrid Memory Cube (HMC) Architecture
Hybrid Memory Cube (HMC) is a revolutionary DRAM architecture that combines high-speed logic with a stack of memory die using through-silicon via (TSV) technology. Learnings from HMC continue to be applied towards future, emerging memory technologies.
Micron Produces Industry’s First 2.5-Inch PCIe Enterprise SSD
This solution combined a high-performance PCI Express interface with a hot-swappable 2.5-inch form factor and custom Micron controller, creating new options for enterprise performance scalability and serviceability.
Micron Creates New Low-Power DRAM Category for Ultrabook™  Devices
DDR3L-RS memory established a new category of “reduced-power” DRAM solutions, enabling longer battery life for a new generation of high-performance, ultrathin devices like laptops, tablets, and Ultrabook systems.
*Ultrabook is a trademark of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries.
Micron Delivers World’s Smallest 16nm NAND Flash Device
Micron’s 16nm process technology delivered 16GB of storage on a single die, the highest-density planar NAND flash memory ever developed. Using this process, a single 300mm wafer can create nearly 6TB of storage.
Micron Leads Industry With First Monolithic 8Gb DDR3 SDRAM
This single component provided a significant density increase to 1 gigabyte on a single chip. This higher density enables cost-effective, high-capacity solutions optimized to support large-scale, data-intensive workloads.
Micron and Intel Unveil 3D NAND, the Highest-Density Flash Ever Developed
3D NAND marks a significant inflection point in the future of semiconductors. By stacking layers of data storage cells vertically, 3D NAND delivers three times higher capacity than planar NAND technology.
Micron and Intel Announce Breakthrough 3D XPoint™ Technology
3D XPoint represents a major breakthrough in memory process technology and is the first new memory category in decades. This non-volatile memory is up to 1,000 times faster and has up to 1,000 times greater endurance than NAND.
Micron Introduces GDDR5X, the World’s Fastest Graphics DRAM
Micron Forms Xccela™ Consortium to Promote New Type of Interface Bus
Micron Announces Authenta™ Security Technology for IoT Devices
Micron Doubles Capacity of NVDIMM to 32GB
Micron Ships Industry's First Quad-Level Cell NAND SSD
Micron began shipments of the industry’s first SSD built on revolutionary quad-level cell (QLC) NAND technology. The Micron® 5210 ION SSD provides 33 percent more bit density than triple-level cell (TLC) NAND, addressing segments previously services with hard disk drives (HDDs).
Breakthroughs aren't for the faint of mind.
For more than 40 years our innovations have been instrumental to the world’s most significant technology advancements and market transitions. Check out some of our recent inventions and technology breakthroughs.
3D XPoint™ Technology
3D XPoint™ technology is an entirely new class of nonvolatile memory that can help transform immense amounts of data into valuable information in real time. With dramatically improved performance and endurance over traditional nonvolatile storage, it provides an entirely new suite of capabilities to system designers, enabling new ways to deal with the deluge of information in big data applications.
GDDR6 — Micron’s fastest and most powerful graphics memory to date — delivers unprecedented performance. Building on several successful generations of GDDR memory, GDDR6 offers dramatic enhancements to address the ever-increasing bandwidth requirements of advanced graphics, networking and automotive applications.
Micron’s quad-level cell (QLC) NAND technology packs 33% more capacity per NAND cell than its triple-level cell (TLC) counterpart. Using this revolutionary QLC technology to build SATA SSDs puts enterprise solid state storage at a more affordable price point and challenges HDDs in read-intensive environments where performance is critical, like artificial intelligence, big data, business intelligence, content delivery and database systems.
+Products
Products
Part Catalogs
Products
Memory
DRAM
DRAM Modules
Graphics Memory
Hybrid Memory Cube
Managed NAND
Multichip Packages
NAND Flash
NOR Flash
Storage
Memory Cards
Solid State Drives
Advanced Solutions
3D XPoint Technology
Authenta
Advanced Computing Solutions
QLC NAND Technology
Part Catalogs
Choose a catalog
DRAM
DDR4 SDRAM
DDR3 SDRAM
DDR2 SDRAM
DDR SDRAM
SDRAM
RLDRAM Memory
LPDRAM
DRAM Modules
LRDIMM
Mini-DIMM
NVDIMM
RDIMM
SODIMM
SORDIMM
UDIMM
VLP Mini-DIMM
VLP RDIMM
VLP UDIMM
Graphics Memory
GDDR6
GDDR5X
GDDR5
Managed NAND
e-MMC
Embedded USB
Universal Flash Storage
NAND Flash
3D NAND
TLC NAND
MLC NAND
SLC NAND
NOR Flash
Parallel NOR Flash
Serial NOR Flash
Xccela Flash
Hybrid Memory Cube
Short-Reach HMC
Multichip Packages
e.MMC-Based MCP
NAND-Based MCP
NOR-Based MCP
UFS-Based MCP
Storage
SATA SSDs
NVMe SSDs
Industrial microSD Cards
Archive
Obsolete Part Catalogs
Solutions
Applications
Automotive
Client
Consumer
Industrial IoT
Mobile
Networking
Server
Accelerated Solutions
VMWare vSAN Ready Node
Ceph Storage
Excelero NVMesh
Hortonworks Data Platforms
Microsoft Storage Spaces Direct
Ecosystem Partners
Chipset Partner
Channel Partner
Virtually unbeatable. 
See how
Support
Sales
Sales Network
Request a Sample
Sales Support
Authorized Sales Resources
Contact Sales
Technical
Documentation
FAQs
Software and Drivers
Tools and Utilities
Contact Support
Contact
General Inquiries
FBGA and Part Marking Decoder
Learn more
Insight
About Micron Insight

        Micron Insight brings you stories about how technology transforms information to enrich lives. Learn, imagine, innovate, solve, and gain insight on the technology trends of today and tomorrow from thought leaders around the world. We've built our technological expertise for over 40 years and now we are sharing that expertise with you. Learn how intelligence is being accelerated to enrich life in science and medicine, at the edge, and through the speed of data access and analysis. Accelerate your Intelligence at Micron Insight. 
    
Explore Insight
Read more
About
Values
Our Commitment
Business Continuity
Compliance and Ethics
Corporate Governance
Diversity and Inclusion
Environment, Health, and Safety
Micron Foundation
Quality
Supply Chain
Sustainability
Company
Overview
Careers
Innovation
Investors
Locations
Suppliers
Media
Blog
Events
Newsroom
Media Resources
Learn more
US - English
China – 簡體中文
India - English
Japan - 日本語
Singapore - English
Taiwan – 繁體中文
Login
Login
Remember Me
Forgot password?
Register
Get maximum visibility to confidential data sheets, technical documentation, and the latest product and technology developments by registering for a micron.com account. 
Register
Search
Search
Our Commitment
Our future is built on continuous innovation, but our day-to-day operations wouldn’t be possible without our team members’ commitment to conducting business with uncompromising integrity and professionalism.
+
Operating Thoughtfully
Through a blend of corporate global strategy and local adaptation to the unique challenges and opportunities that each of our facilities and operating locations present, we're always working toward making our operations more sustainable.
Learn more
Empowering People
Our commitment to team members is reflected in our core value of People and is illustrated by our relentless drive to provide an engaging work environment that is ethical, diverse, and inclusive.
Learn more
Sourcing Responsibly
Our rigorous sourcing standards maintain the sustainability of our operations while improving social and environmental conditions through our industry's supply chain.
Learn more
Sustainability is
built right in. 
Everything we do is with community and environmental sustainability in mind.
We believe in taking action. 
Our dedication to sustainable  practices is exemplified by the clear, tangible action that we have taken to benefit our environment, our people, and our communities. Read our Sustainability Report to find out how the choices we're making today will help ensure we have the resources and talent we will need in the years ahead.
Download the report
Products
Solutions
Support
Insight
About
Sales
Support
Contact
Legal
Suppliers
Careers
©2018 Micron Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Information, products, and/or specifications are subject to change without notice. All information is provided on an “AS IS” basis without warranties of any kind. Drawings may not be to scale. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
+