MonoSol’s water-soluble film technologies have revolutionized detergent and cleaning industries all over the world. Our water-soluble packaging design helps create products that can deliver exact dosage, easier handling, greater convenience, and safety and sustainability. MonoSol’s growing portfolio of applications includes detergents, countertops and solid surface and ag chem, as well as cosmetics and personal care products, food manufacturing, pool and spa, transfer printing and more. Through our collaborative mindset, global manufacturing footprint, high-quality products and scientific expertise, we partner with our customers to create innovative product packaging solutions that enhance everyday life. Founded in 1953, MonoSol is a division of Kuraray, one of the world’s leading specialty chemical companies, and is based in Merrillville, Indiana.
Delivery Systems
Our selection of dissolvable packaging technologies enable delivery of solid and liquid components in a range of sizes, pH, water content, and other critical factors. We tailor our technologies to meet your needs and we can recommend converters that create delivery systems for solids and liquids.
MonoSol products can deliver exact dosage, easier handling and greater convenience for countless applications including detergents, personal care products, food manufacturing, ag chem and more. Let’s talk about your ideas .
Partnering With Us
We partner with our customers every step of the way, from concept and scale-up to commercial reality, to ensure success. To learn more about collaborating, contact us .
Compatibility testing is very important to new products or ingredients to ensure they can be packaged safely and effectively in water-soluble film technology. By testing product with a variety of films, we can assess viability, compatibility and performance of our films to identify the optimal water-soluble solution. Compatibility testing helps us ensure your product is successful when it hits the shelf. To request compatibility testing,  tell us about your product!
Copacking – Once we have run compatibility testing and are moving towards production, MonoSol has various packaging contacts which will help to take your product from concept to a single-dose delivery system.  At MonoSol we pride ourselves on helping our customers not only purchase the right film, but guiding you to world class pouch manufacturers, delivering a turn-key solution.
Collaborative
Through hands-on collaboration, we will help you deliver category-changing technology with enriched convenience. Whether in soluble-dosing or state-of-the-art fabrication, our total engagement approach backed by our unmatched chemistry, formulating and conversion expertise will be at your disposal every step of the way.
Vision
MonoSol enhances everyday life and enables a sustainable future through innovative water-soluble technology and successful collaboration.
Philosophy
We provide a safe environment for our employees, service providers, partners and customers. Safety is the Cornerstone of all we do. The products we offer are beneficial for mankind and are environmentally friendly. We believe in collaboration, use of best practices, continuous training, and reinvesting in people and infrastructure to support our business together. Above all, the MonoSol team cultivates an ethos of respect for each other and our environment.
Quality
We make it our business to know and understand our customer needs and expectations.
We design product quality into our processes.
We understand service is critical to our customers.
We know that continuous improvement must be embraced at all levels of our organization.
We strive to provide the means for each and every employee to feel a sense of contribution and accomplishment relative to their career and MonoSol’s success.
We treat our customers and fellow employees with respect and dignity.
The advancement of our community, region, environment and country has and always will be considered in all major management decisions.
US/UK Certificates
Americans with Disability Act (ADA)
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)
ISO 9001 : 2008 (UK)
ISO 9001 : 2015 (US)
RC 14001 : 2013 (US)
We adhere to the requirements of the following governing bodies:
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
We voluntarily participate and practice the rules and guidelines for accreditations. We are:
ISO 9001:2000 Certified
Responsible Care CertifiedBest & Brightest Company to Work For 2016 from National Association for Business Resources
January 24, 2017 – MonoSol , a division of Kuraray, has been named a Best and Brightest Company to Work For in the nation in 2016 by the National Association for Business Resources (NABR).
The Best and Brightest Companies to Work For award recognizes organizations that represent best practices in human resources and strong commitments to their employees. The winning companies are assessed by an independent research firm based on key measures like compensation, benefits and employee solutions, employee enrichment, engagement, retention and work-life balance.
“We work hard to create a safe environment where people can thrive,” said P. Scott Bening, MonoSol CEO. “This recognition is a testament to the effort we put into making MonoSol a great place to work and the committed people we have here.”
Companies that see their employees as the keys to success achieve staying power, Jennifer Kluge, president and CEO of NABR , noted in the announcement. “Our 2016 winners create their human resource standards to ensure employee satisfaction and they set standards for every business to aspire toward,” Kluge said.
MonoSol will be featured in the Feb. 2 online edition of Corp! Magazine .
P&G External Business Partner of the Year
P&G External Business Partner of the Year
CINCINNATI–( BUSINESS WIRE )–The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) recognized seven of its top performing External Business Partners with its prestigious Partner of the Year award yesterday. Additionally, P&G also awarded over 50 other companies The External Business Partner Excellence Award, including two for superior performance in Supplier Diversity.
– See more at: http://news.pg.com/press-release/pg-corporate-announcements/pg-recognizes-top-performing-global-partners-0
Responsible Care Management System (RCMS) has been certified to the RC14001:2013 standard
MonoSol chose to be audited against RC 14001:2013, which provided an opportunity to achieve third-party registration to both Responsible Care® and to the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System (EMS) Standard, simultaneously. The certification process included two stages of audits to ensure that our management system has the necessary elements to achieve continuous improvement in the Environmental, Health, Safety and Security (EHSS) areas.
Being certified as compliant with Responsible Care® is a powerful message to our customers. It indicates to them that we are committed to the health and well-being of all our stakeholders. It validates to our customers that our standards are nothing less than world-class in the area of environment, health, safety and security.
Our customers see the Responsible Care® branding and immediately know that our core values are aligned with creating a sustainable supply chain for their products. Many of our customers are continuing to find ways to reduce their environmental footprint and make their products safer. MonoSol / Kuraray is a partner they know they can engage and collaborate to improve in these areas. This creates a strong base for innovation and deep-lasting relationships.
1.800.237.9552Select Language
Afrikaans
Albanian
Amharic
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Basque
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chichewa
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Corsican
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Frisian
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Javanese
Kannada
Kazakh
Khmer
Korean
Kurdish (Kurmanji)
Kyrgyz
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Luxembourgish
Macedonian
Malagasy
Malay
Malayalam
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Myanmar (Burmese)
Nepali
Norwegian
Pashto
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Samoan
Scottish Gaelic
Serbian
Sesotho
Shona
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Sudanese
Swahili
Swedish
Tajik
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uzbek
Vietnamese
Welsh
Xhosa
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
Home
Capabilities
Custom Film Solubility
Mechanical Properties
Film Convertibility
Antistatic and Release
Barrier Properties
Resistant Properties
Biodegradable
Applications
Detergents
Cosmetics and Personal Care
Food Grade
Transfer Printing
Agrochemicals
Countertops and Solid Surface
Water Treatment Chemicals
Laundry Bags
Embroidery
Dust Abatement
Composite Molding
Industrial & Institutional
News
Resources
About Water-Soluble Film
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Compatibility Services
About MonoSol
About MonoSol
CSR
Locations
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Awards
Kuraray
Kuraray Sites
Careers
Contact
MonoSol AF, Ltd – Tax Strategy
This Tax Strategy document sets out our approach to conducting the tax affairs of MonoSol AF Ltd. The Tax Strategy has been approved by the MonoSol Group Board of Directors, covers all UK taxes and relates to the financial year ending 31st December 2017.
DOWNLOAD FULL DOCUMENT
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Careers
MonoSol AF Tax Strategy
MonoSol AF LSAS Policy
This site uses cookies in order to provide functionality and to make our site work more effectively. By continuing to use this website, you agree to us setting cookies as set out in the cookie policy. 
See here for more information.
I accept
I don't accept cookies
Cookie Settings