x
Please enter your name and email address for access to this media
Please enter a valid email address
Note: Please see our holiday shipping page for information about last days for shipping in 2018.
nanoComposix is a world leading manufacturer of precisely engineered and highly characterized nanoparticles. Our mission is to help our customers bring nanotechnology-enabled products to market. Our multi-disciplinary technical teams provide rapid prototyping, characterization, integration, and scale-up solutions to accelerate R&D and commercialization for a wide variety of application areas including biodiagnostics, topical therapeutics, nanomedicine, antimicrobial coatings, and color engineering.
Since 2004, nanoComposix has provided monodisperse and unagglomerated metal and metal-oxide nanomaterials to thousands of customers. Hundreds of different variants of material, size, shape, and surface are available as stock products and we have produced over 2000 custom core/shell, biofunctionalized, fluorescent, and magnetic nanocomposites to meet client specifications. NanoComposix produced the NIST nanosilver reference material and our particles have been utilized in over 400 peer-reviewed publications. All of our materials are supplied with certificates of analysis that include electron microscopy, hydrodynamic diameter, and optical data for each batch to guarantee products meet specifications. Contract manufacturing is performed on scales that range from small beakers to thousands of liters. Nanomaterials for medical devices and clinical trials are produced in our ISO13485 and cGMP compliant cleanroom facility. By leveraging our unique library of nanomaterials, we aim to help our customers rapidly bring nanotechnology-enabled products from conception to commercialization.
The motivation for starting nanoComposix was the frustration I had experienced as a scientist when trying to acquire high quality nanomaterials. Every time I ordered a product from a nanomaterial or chemical company I would spend many hours performing characterization only to realize that the shape, size distribution, agglomeration state, or chemical purity was not what I was expecting. I would be forced to discard the material and try another vendor. This was a time-consuming and completely unnecessary impediment to the development of technologies and products that leverage the new and exciting properties of nanomaterials.
At nanoComposix, we provide extensive characterization data with each product that we sell. Additionally, our diverse team of scientists can provide solutions to the integration problems that are a main challenge for leveraging novel nanoscale properties into commercial products. It is my hope that with improved access to highly characterized nanomaterials, researchers will be able to accelerate the page of nanomaterials research and products that harness the potential of nanotechnology.
Steve Oldenburg
President, nanoComposix
Sign up to get the latest news from nanoComposix
Social