Access resources for you to use during your baby's hospital stay and at home.
Send a Greeting Card
Send a custom card to a child you know or brighten any child's stay with a smile by sending a card.
Health and Wellness Resources
We have more than 150 "Helping Hands" topics for your family written by our own Nationwide Children's experts.
Watch the Video
About Nationwide Children's Hospital
At Nationwide Children’s Hospital, our vision remains unchanged. We aspire to create the best outcomes for children everywhere. This means families come to Nationwide Children’s from around the globe knowing they will get the highest quality care. It means we will reach to cure rare diseases. It means we will sequence a child’s tumor to select the best care pathway. It means we will strive to make an entire population healthier, not just through their physical health, but also in their mental health. It means we will redefine the role of the children’s hospital in the achievement of optimal health.
Life-Saving Global Care
A Leader in Research
Improving Our Neighborhood
There is Something Remarkable Happening Here
Nationwide Children’s began in 1892 with nine beds and a commitment to care for every child in need. Today, with more than 65 sites and over one million patient visits per year, it’s still meeting that promise – from Columbus to Cairo.
Did You Know?
Nationwide Children's is America's Largest Pediatric Hospital with more than 1.4 million patient visits each year. Families travel from around the nation and around the globe to access life-saving treatments – many unavailable anywhere else. We are 68 facilities extending out across Ohio and beyond. Here, we have the pediatric expertise every child needs. Here, the future health and potential of all children, is being shaped.
Meet Our Leadership
The  leadership of Nationwide Children’s is driven by a passion for their work and is constantly striving to make this the best pediatric hospital in the world.
Mission, Vision & Values
At Nationwide Children's we believe that no child should be refused necessary care and attention for lack of ability to pay.
Steve Allen, MD
Nationwide Children's Hospital Chief Executive Officer
Children need a voice to defend their right to well-being. Partnering with families and community advocates, Nationwide Children’s takes a stand to protect and improve child health.
Redefining the Future of Pediatric Care
Nationwide Children’s Hospital is revealing the future of child health because it’s helping define it. Health care that is family-centered and child-focused. Accountable in quality and cost. Equating behavioral and mental health equally with physical health. And dedicated to translating our research discoveries into practice.
Building for the Future
In 2016, we announced a $730 million investment that will accommodate the growth of Nationwide Children's.
Change Through Research
We're seeking answers on behalf of children everywhere.  Our common goal is discovery and innovation that improves the health and quality of life for all kids.
Everyone Matters: Our Commitment to Diversity & Health Equity
Our hospital made a promise to not only acknowledge, but foster and celebrate the diversity of each other, our patients, families, visitors, and many physician and community partners. Why? Because being inclusive and welcoming makes us better-suited to take care of those who need our help.
We're a Diverse Workplace
Our One Team culture fosters and celebrates the diversity of our employees and creates a workforce reflective of our patient population and our community.
We all have different life experiences, skills and knowledge. These differences make us stronger as a team. They make us better equipped to treat our patients.
Steven Allen, MD
Working Together to Achieve Best Outcomes
Collaboration is a critical part of Nationwide Children's Hospital strategy to improve the lives of children everywhere. Programs such as access to healthcare through schools, education of clinical teams, neighborhood safety and healthy home environments are all robust initiatives and cannot happen without strong partnerships.
We know it takes extensive resources to treat children locally, regionally and from all around the world. Our mission is best served when we work together with other organizations to help the future of our children and our own community.
Our History & Milestones
More than 100 years ago, we made a promise. We kept it.
2018
Construction continues on the Big Lots Behavioral Health Pavilion. Nationwide Children's Hospital prepares for a Topping off event to raise the last beam of the structure on Butterfly Gardens Drive. People from all over the country sent in words of support and strength to adorn the beam.
2017
Dr. Jerry Mendell and his team developed a gene therapy to replace the mutated gene responsible for spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) type 1. The team was recognized with Science Magazine’s - People’s Choice, “Breakthrough of the Year.”
The $85 million six-story Livingston Ambulatory Center opens, housing outpatient clinics.
Nationwide Children’s opens its first free-standing pediatric emergency department at Lewis Center Close To Home Center℠ with Emergency Department, in partnership with OhioHealth.
2017
NASCAR Driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Nationwide Children's Hospital announce and launch the Dale and Amy Earnhardt Fund.
2016
World renowned researchers, Dr. Richard Wilson and Dr. Elaine Mardis, are recruited to lead the Institute for Genomic Medicine, marking a transformational milestone. With their expertise and knowledge we will be able to better understand childhood diseases and how to treat those diseases. 
2016
Big Lots and the Big Lots Foundation pledge to support Nationwide Children’s Behavioral Health expansion with a $50 million gift, the largest corporate contribution ever specifically devoted to a pediatric and adolescent behavioral health program.
Ground breaks at The Residences at Career Gateway, a $12 million low-income housing complex that features onsite career development training through Healthy Neighborhoods Healthy Families.
2016
Nationwide Children's announces a phase two master facilities plan to support the growing hospital network. The $730 million investment, expected to be completed in 2022, includes 11 building projects. The centerpiece of the plan is an eight-story Big Lots Behavioral Health Pavilion.
2012
Nationwide Children’s completes the largest U.S pediatric expansion (based on non-replacement facilities) adding more than 1.3 million square feet and over 2,000 hospital and research jobs.
2008
Healthy Neighborhoods Healthy Families, Nationwide Children’s initiative to impact communities’ overall healthy by impacting five key areas in Columbus’ South Side, is launched.
2008
As part of the Zero Hero program, Nationwide Children’s creates the Preventable Harm Index (PHI), now used by more than 100 children’s hospitals.
Columbus Children’s Hospital is proudly renamed Nationwide Children’s Hospital.
2006
Children’s receives an unprecedented transformational $50 million gift from the Nationwide Foundation, the second largest single gift to a children’s hospital in American history.
1994
Partners for Kids (PFK), one of the nation’s oldest and largest pediatric accountable care organizations, is founded in partnership with Nationwide Children’s and more than 1,000 doctors.
1991
Children’s becomes the first pediatric center in Ohio to be certified as a pediatric Level 1 trauma center.
1987
1983
1976
1965
Federal grant dollars open C&Y (Children & Youth) Clinics throughout Columbus. The hospital continues funding these centers, which are now known as the Close To Home℠ network of today.
1961
The first dedicated medical science research building, Ross Hall, is completed, and funded by the hospital’s first research award from the National Institutes of Health.
1954
1943
Dr. Earl H. Baxter, a practicing pediatrician, became the first chairman of The Ohio State University Department of Pediatrics, which was housed at Children’s Hospital.
1924
The new Children’s Hospital opens, accommodating 75 children, with expansion to 150 immediately and eventually to 300.
1892
A dedicated group of 12 central Ohio women came together and established Children’s Hospital with the mission to provide the best care for all children regardless of their family's ability to pay. The hospital opens for the admission of patients with nine beds, and quickly grows to 15. Nationwide Children’s Hospital resides in the same downtown setting where it was founded. 
Awards & Honors
As America's largest pediatric hospital and research center, our doctors and scientists are developing cutting-edge treatment that saves lives - innovations we share to help kids everywhere.
Join Our Community
Get the latest patient and donor stories, research advances and news at Nationwide Children's Hospital.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Zip Code
Sign up now to receive email updates. We promise not to spam you and we will never share your email.
Join the Conversation!Skip to Content
Nationwide Children’s Hospital
Request an Appointment
MyChart
For Medical Professionals
Quality
Research
Giving
Careers
Search Nationwide Children’s
Call Nationwide Children’s
Search
Request an Appointment
MyChart
Search
Find A Doctor
Find a Doctor
Search
The Importance of Having a Relationship With Your Child's Pediatrician
Questions to Ask When Choosing a Pediatrician
View all our medical professionals
If you would like to schedule an appointment with one of our nationally ranked specialists or Primary Care physicians please click or call 800-881-7385.
Request an Appointment
Conditions We Treat
Search Conditions
Search
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
Atrial Septal Defect
Bronchopulmonary Dysplasia (BPD) 
Epilepsy
Hirschsprung Disease
View All Conditions
NICU Parent Booklet
Access resources for you to use during your baby's hospital stay and at home.
NICU Resources
Specialties
Search Specialties
Search
Ear, Nose & Throat (Otolaryngology) Services
Gastroenterology,  Hepatology & Nutrition
Hematology,  Oncology & Blood and Marrow Transplant
Neurology
Pediatric Surgery
Sports Medicine
View All Specialties
The Heart Center
Expertise. Compassion. Advanced technologies. 
Learn how we can help
Locations
Main Campus
Emergency Care Locations
Urgent Care Locations
Close To Home℠ Centers
Primary Care Locations
Laboratory Services
Behavioral Health Care
Radiology Locations
Clinics, Centers and Other
See All Locations
Urgent Care Wait Times
Downtown
The location is closed today.
Canal Winchester
The location is closed today.
East Columbus
The location is closed today.
More Locations and Wait Times
Your Visit
Same-Day Procedures
Overnight and Extended Stays
Visiting the Emergency Room
Patient Forms and Guides
Medical Records
Financial Matters
International Patients and Families
Preparing for a Primary Care or Clinic Visit
Send a Greeting Card
Send a custom card to a child you know or brighten any child's stay with a smile by sending a card.
Create a Card
Family Resources
 & Education
700 Children's Blog
Health, Wellness and Safety Resources 
Patient and Family Centered Care
Mobile Apps
Support Groups
Patient Stories
Courses for Parents and Kids
Helping Hands
Resources for Parents and Kids
Health and Wellness Resources
We have more than 150 "Helping Hands" topics for your family written by our own Nationwide Children's experts. 
Search Topics
For Medical Professionals
Quality
Research
Giving
Careers
Search
Search
Search
Locations
Emergency
Urgent Care
About Nationwide Children's Hospital
Our Story
Future of Pediatric Care
Collaborations
Patient and Family Centered Care
Population Health and Wellness
Community and Advocacy
Everyone Matters: Diversity & Inclusion
Our Story
Hospital Overview
Executive Leadership
Mission, Vision & Values
History and Milestones
Fast Facts
Accreditations, Awards & Honors
Our Story
Our Journey to Best Outcomes
Find out the vision for Nationwide Children's and how we will continue on our journey
Close Video 
Close Video 
Play Video
Our Story
Nationwide Children’s Hospital is a destination academic pediatric medical center designed to manage the most complex of diseases. We treat the sickest of patients from across the country and around the world. We build research programs to assure tomorrow’s breakthroughs help children everywhere. And we train the next generation of physicians, scientists and health care professionals. 
Beyond our walls, we invest in building social equity in our communities, address the social determinants of health, and develop payment models to better serve unique populations of children. Our unparalleled investment in Behavioral Health services and research further cements our role as an ambitious champion for the well-being of children everywhere.
Reimagining the Future of Pediatric Care
Our vision has always been to develop pre-eminent clinical and research programs to create the best outcomes for children everywhere.
View Our Annual Report
Hospital Overview
We are The Children's Hospital, seeing more than 1 million patients annually. We are one of the country’s largest not-for-profit freestanding pediatric health care networks. Our nearly 12,000 hospital staff and 1,000 medical staff have been providing the best possible care since 1892.
Executive Leadership
The staff and leadership of Nationwide Children’s are driven by a passion for their work.  Our leadership team is constantly striving to make Nationwide Children’s the best pediatric hospital in the world.
Mission, Vision & Values
Nationwide Children's believes that no child should be refused necessary care and attention for lack of ability to pay. Upon this fundamental belief, Nationwide Children's is committed to providing the highest quality care.
History and Milestones
When a group of central Ohio women established Children’s Hospital 125 years ago, it was done with the belief everything matters in the care of a child. Now the nation’s largest children’s hospital and pediatric research institute, Nationwide Children’s Hospital resides in the same downtown setting where it was founded in 1892.
Fast Facts
Our mission. Our staff. Our space. Learn the facts about Nationwide Children's Hospital.
Accreditations, Awards & Honors
Nationwide Children's Hospital is nationally recognized among the best children's hospitals and highly funded pediatric research institutes.
Join the Conversation!
Social Media at Nationwide Children’s
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Tumblr
Follow us on YouTube
Nationwide Children’s Hospital
 (614) 722-2000
Download the
myChildren's App
Financial Matters
Learn more about financial assistance.
International Patients
We’re here for you.
About Nationwide Children's Hospital
Toggle Menu
Our Story
Future of Pediatric Care
Collaborations
Patient and Family Centered Care
Population Health and Wellness
Community and Advocacy
Everyone Matters: Diversity & Inclusion
Impact and Quality
Toggle Menu
Do Not Harm Me
Cure Me
Treat Me With Respect 
Navigate My Care 
Keep Us Well
Partners For Kids: Pediatric Accountable Care
Career Opportunities
Toggle Menu
What's Your Passion?
Caring For You: Benefits and Perks
Career Events Calendar
Employee Access
News at Nationwide Children's
Toggle Menu
News Releases
Media Inquiries
Stay Connected
Hospital Publications
Our Experts
Privacy Policy
Site Map
© 2018 Nationwide Children’s Hospital