NeoPhotonics is a leading designer and manufacturer of photonic integrated circuit, or PIC, based modules and subsystems for bandwidth-intensive, high-speed communications networks.
The company’s products are designed to enable cost-effective, high-speed data transmission and efficient allocation of bandwidth over communications networks. NeoPhotonics offers high-speed products that enable data transmission at the highest data rates.
Our 100G and beyond products require our Advanced Hybrid Photonic Integration technology. We produce photonic integrated circuits (PICs) that comprise both arrayed and individual photonic functional elements using optimized materials systems and processes from our in-house Silicon, Indium Phosphide and Gallium Arsenide wafer fabrication. These individual PICs from different materials are then combined using our hybrid integration technology to make complete products, such as our Integrated Coherent Receiver (ICR) for 100G coherent transport applications.
Our Advanced Hybrid Photonic Integration technology progressively increases performance, reduces cost and reduces size of our products. These cost reductions and performance increases are required for the growth of network capacity.
Our high speed 100G and beyond products are based on our Advanced Hybrid Photonic Integration technology and they support encoding 100 gigabits or more per second of information for transmitting over a single channel and decoding the information at the receiver.
Our Network Products and Solutions are designed for use in optical communications networks and a variety of other applications that use data rates that are less than 100Gbps, including 40G, 10G and lower data rates. These products include certain passive products that do not explicitly have a data rate specification, but that are most commonly used in networks at these data rates.
NeoPhotonics maintains headquarters in San Jose, California and ISO 9001:2008 certified engineering and manufacturing facilities in Silicon Valley (USA), Japan and Shenzhen, China.
SolutionsNeoPhotonics is a leading designer and manufacturer of photonic integrated circuit, or PIC, based modules and subsystems for bandwidth-intensive, high-speed communications networks.
NeoPhotonics was incorporated as NanoGram Corporation in October 1996 in the State of Delaware. The company initially developed nanomaterials for a variety of applications, before focusing on telecommunications products and changing its name to NeoPhotonics in 2002. Also during 2002 and 2003, NeoPhotonics spun out two new companies to pursue non-telecom applications, NanoGram Devices Corporation – a medical device battery company, and NanoGram Corporation – a nanomaterials applications company. NanoGram Devices was acquired by Greatbatch Inc. in 2004 and NanoGram Corporation was acquired by Teijin Limited in 2010.
NeoPhotonics has grown rapidly and added customers, achieving a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of more than 15% from 2009 through 2014. In addition to developing its own technology and products, NeoPhotonics has added key technologies and products through a series of acquisitions:
March 2003:
March 2006:
Photon Technology Co., Ltd. (now named NeoPhotonics (China) Co., Ltd.), a manufacturer of active optoelectronics, transceivers, and modules
June 2006:
Lightconnect, Inc., which expanded our product portfolio by adding a line of
microelectromechanical systems (MEMS)-based optical components and modules
June 2006:
August 2006:
November 2006:
February 2008:
October 2011:
Santur Corporation, a leading provider of tunable lasers and high-speed data transmission modules based on innovation laser array technologies
March 2013:
LAPIS Semiconductor Optical Components Unit, a market leader in design and manufacture of GaAs & InP components for high-speed fiber optics networks
January 2015:
EMCORE Telecom Products, a market leader in design and manufacture of External Cavity Laser (ECL)-based tunable products for high-speed fiber optics networks
November 2015:
Solutions