About us
Nordic Technologies A/S began in 2013 with a plan to change the drinking water business in rural areas by supplying standard or tailor-made drinking water solutions based on quality industrial components, remote monitoring systems, long term service contracts and a unique commercial concepts.
Today we are well on the way. We have set up sales and production company in India and the first water kiosks is up and running. We have built a strong Indian network for the next projects and we hope to be up and running at full production in Marts 2018.
In China we have delivered our first "Residential Water system" in Jinan and already 3 new in pipeline. We have seen that our solutions are working well in the market and now it is time for expanding. This is done in setting up a JV with a local partner with whom we will deliver the local market.
Our plan is to deliver safe, clean and affordable drinking water to people in need and we hope to reach a goal of serving more than 5 million people before 2022.
Social media
What we do – Drinking water
Nordic Technologies A/S provides turn-key solutions for drinking water based on any raw water. With our solid experience in designing water treatment plants in sizes ranging from 500 LPH up to 1000+ M3 a day we are able to provide solutions to any environment and need.
In India, we have entered a Joint Venture with a local partner for design, production, sales and O&M contracts. We have developed our own range of “Water Kiosk” WK250, WK500 and WK1000 supplying safe and clean drinking water based on a unique filtration and monitoring system. We have also started promoting one of the world’s best mobile de-salination systems for coastal areas and finally we will be able to secure all our installations with a O&M contract.
In China, we have developed a “Residential Water Concept” for existing or newly build residential areas where we provide many thousands with safe and clean drinking water directly in the tap. We have started a close cooperation with a solid partner with more than 20 years of experience in the business and we will in 2018 start promoting a new BOT concept for drinking water.
We are a small but highly competent company with our HQ in Denmark. All 4 founders bring in a lot of experience from different industries and markets so we are looking forward to expanding our business in the future.
Every day we work hard to make a different and create meaningful projects for people in need as water is the key to new opportunities and a healthier life.
Contact us for more information and possibilities for safe, clean and affordable water in your area.
What’s new?
Want to know more?Sustainable Water Solutions (SWS)
At Nordic Technologies we think sustainability into all our solutions and strive to create our systems to secure the best possible water with minimum ressources, minimal operating costs, maximum water security and re-use solutions where possible.
Water Supply - "Plug & Play" water outlets
Wastewater Treatment - For industries, household or local municipalities
IT Solutions - SCADA, GIS and remote online solutions
Rural Water Supply & Wastewater Treatment
NT is member of several professional networks and partnerships within the international water sector. NT participates in several R&D projects in Denmark and bythat gets access to the newest technologiesincluding 3D mapping methodology.
We often take the role as project developer, and do the master planning or Feasibility studies. We can also take the role as system integrator and project manager, and then use the right expertise to do the projects with in- house staff or staff from our partners. With this business model we are able to join most projects within the water sector.
NT has strong connections with Danish waterutilities, and uses them as experts in utility management, operation and maintenance. The Danish utilities have long experience in twinning and training with other water utilities.
NT has experience in working with several finance instruments for water projects, andcan in some cases assist customers to locatefinance for the projects.
For more information please read our online brochure.
SAFE AND AFFORDABLE DRINKING WATER
By 2030, achieve universal and equitable access to safe and affordable drinking water for all.
For more information on Global Goals please go to  www.globalgoals.org
GET INVOLVED
What are the effects of this?
Water and sanitation- related diseases remain among the major causes of death in children under five; more than 800 children die every day from diarrhoeal diseases linked to poor hygiene.
Proper water and sanitation is a key foundation for achieving the Sustainable Development Goals, including good health and gender equality.
By managing our water sustainably, we are also able to better manage our production of food and energy and contribute to decent work and economic growth. Moreover, we can preserve our water ecosystems, their biodiversity, and act on climate change.
United Nations sustainable development goal 6
What’s new?
Want to know more?