Overview
NW Bio is developing cancer vaccines designed to treat a broad range of solid tumor cancers more effectively than current treatments, and without the side effects of chemotherapy drugs. NW Bio’s proprietary manufacturing technology enables the Company to produce its personalized vaccine in an efficient, cost-effective manner. The Company has a broad platform technology for DCVax dendritic cell-based vaccines. The Company’s lead product, DCVax-L, is currently in a 348-patient Phase III trial for patients with newly diagnosed Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), the most aggressive and lethal brain cancer. The Company’s second product, DCVax-Direct, is currently in a 60-patient Phase I/II trial for direct injection into all types of inoperable solid tumor cancers. The Company has also conducted a Phase I/II trial with DCVax for late stage ovarian cancer together with the University of Pennsylvania. The Company previously received clearance from the FDA for a 612-patient Phase III trial with its third product, DCVax-Prostate, for late stage prostate cancer.
Corporate Presentation
Northwest Bio's CEO presents at SMi's 3rd Cancer Vaccine Conference, detailing progress to-date, as well as the exciting announcement that DCVax-L received the first-ever "Promising Innovative Medicine" (PIM) designation under the UK's "Early Access to Medicines Scheme" (EAMS).
Company Management
Les Goldman
Senior Vice President, Business Development
Mr. Les Goldman joined us as Senior Vice President, Business Development in June 2011. Prior to joining us, Mr. Goldman was a partner at the law firm of Skadden, Arps for over 30 years, specializing in a wide array of advanced technologies and their commercialization.    Mr. Goldman also serves as an advisor to a number of other technology companies. In addition, for eight years, Mr. Goldman served as Chairman of the Board of a group of TV stations in four mid-size cities across the country.
Marnix L. Bosch
Ph.D. Chief Technical Officer
Dr. Bosch joined us in 2000, and has been serving as our Chief Technical Officer for a number of years.  In this capacity, he plays a key role in the preparation and submission of our regulatory applications, as well as ongoing development of our product lines, and ongoing development and/or acquisition of new technologies.  Dr. Bosch led the process of designing the protocols, and managed the successful preparation and submission of our Investigational New Drug (IND) applications for FDA approval to conduct clinical trials for prostate cancer, brain cancer, ovarian cancer and multiple other cancers.  He also led the processes for other regulatory submissions in both the U.S. and abroad (including the successful applications for orphan drug status in both the U.S. and Europe for DCVax-L for brain cancer).  He spearheaded the development of our manufacturing and quality control processes, and is working with Cognate BioServices, Inc. on next-generation further development of these processes.  Prior to joining us in 2000, Dr. Bosch worked at the Dutch National Institutes of Health (RIVM) as head of the Department of Molecular Biology, as well as in academia as a professor of Pathobiology. He has authored more than 40 peer-reviewed research publications in immunology and virology, and is an inventor on several patent applications on dendritic cell product manufacturing.
Alton L. Boynton
Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Boynton co-founded our company, has served as our Chief Scientific Officer and a Director since our inception in 1998, was appointed our Chief Operating Officer in August 2001, was appointed President in May 2003, and served as Chief Executive Officer from June 2007 to June 2011. Prior to founding our company, Dr. Boynton headed the Molecular Oncology research lab at the Pacific Northwest Research Foundation (the original foundation of Bill Hutchinson, from which the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center was spun off). Dr. Boynton also served as Director of the Department of Molecular Medicine of Northwest Hospital from 1995 to 2003 where he coordinated the establishment of a program centered on carcinogenesis. Prior to joining Northwest Hospital, Dr. Boynton was Associate Director of the Cancer Research Center of Hawaii, The University of Hawaii, where he also held the positions of Director of Molecular Oncology of the Cancer Research Center and Professor of Genetics and Molecular Biology. Dr. Boynton received his Ph.D. in Radiation Biology from the University of Iowa in 1972. We believe Dr. Boynton’s background and experience make him well qualified to serve as a Director.
Anthony Maida, Ph.D.
Sr VP, Clinical Research
Dr. Maida joined our company in June 2011, as Chief Operating Officer and brings more than 20 years’ experience in building oncology companies, with expertise in the business, financial, clinical and regulatory aspects of and the underlying science of oncology business.  Over these two decades, Dr. Maida has held positions as Chairman, CEO, COO, CSO, CFO and VP Business Development.  Among these experiences, he served as CEO of CancerVax Corporation, an early leader in cancer vaccines.  In that role, he was responsible for conducting multi-hundred patient, multi-center clinical trials with the company’s cancer vaccines. Prior to joining us, Dr. Maida was serving as global head of oncology for a leading contract research organization that manages clinical trials in the U.S. and internationally.
Follow us On: 
Bethesda, MD 20814