Our strategy leverages our ability to deliver game changing technology and create an exceptional customer experience to help meet the growing consumer demand for polyethylene in the Americas.
In our pursuit, NOVA Chemicals has several key strategic priorities including:
Growing significantly beyond our traditionally Canadian production footprint, which includes gaining additional access to the U.S. Gulf Coast feedstock and supplying our customer markets in the Americas.
Delivering game changing technology that makes tomorrow even better than today.
Being actively sought after by all of our stakeholders.
Purpose
To help shape a world where products vital to our health and happiness are even better tomorrow than they are today.
Mission
To be the leader in innovation that enables our customers to deliver plastic products that make everyday life healthier, easier and safer.​
Values
Polyethylene Overview
NOVA Chemicals polyethylene technology and experience enable us to create high-quality, high-performing resins under three brand families – SURPASS®, SCLAIR®, and NOVAPOL® resins. Our team of experts work closely with customers to solve their most complex business challenges. We are inspired by the opportunity to work together to solve problems and meet their goals.
NOVA Chemicals Expandable Styrenics division provides a complete portfolio of foam resin solutions to our valued customers. We manufacture a robust line of product grades under two brand families - expandable polystyrene (EPS) and ARCEL® resin for a multitude of industries including construction, protective and temperature controlled packaging, cups and containers, material handling, safety and more.
Marks 50th Anniversary of Geismar Olefins Facility Geismar, Louisiana (October 26, 2018) – At ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of the Geismar Olefins facility, NOVA Chemicals Corporation (“NOVA Chemicals”) announced a $50,000 donation to estab...
Total, Borealis and NOVA Chemicals Take Final Investment Decision for New Unit Paris/Vienna/Calgary/Bayport, September 25, 2018 – Bayport Polymers, LLC (“Bayport Polymers”) – a 50/50 joint venture owned by Total S.A. (“Total”) and Novealis Holdings L...
NOVA Chemicals Takes Action to Prevent Plastic Debris from Reaching the Ocean
Calgary, Alberta, Canada (August 28, 2018) – NOVA Chemicals today announced a three-year investment of nearly $2 million (1.5 million EUR) to prevent plastic debris from reaching the ocean. The investment supports Project STOP, a new global initiativ...