COOKIE NOTICE AND CONSENT
We and third parties use cookies to collect information regarding how our website is used for purposes of doing statistics, marketing and navigation on the site etc. By continuing to browse on this website, you consent to this use of cookies. Further information regarding the use of cookies, including a description of how you can avoid cookies on the website, can be found here .
At Novozymes, we are unique in our dedication to enzymes and microbes. For more than 70 years, our work with these biological problem solvers has made a big difference to our shared world.
Uniquely dedicated
Fast facts
Novozymes works with innovative customers across the globe, helping them produce more from less, make their products stand out and reduce costs.
More than 6,000 Zymers are here to make a difference. In Science Magazine's global Top Employer Survey, we’ve ranked top 10 for three years running. We were ranked the second best employer in 2017.
Since 2000, we have brought more than 100 new molecules to market to address specific industry and customer challenges.
We account for 2/3 of the entire global investment in developing enzymes, and dedicate 13-14% of our total revenue to R&D.
With 48% market share in industrial enzymes, we deliver bioinnovation to 130 countries and manufacture across North America, South America, Europe and Asia. In short, we are where you are.
Our technical service team is the world's largest. Our experts are on the ground to make our solutions a success for customers in every industry.
More than 6,000 Zymers are here to make a difference. In Science Magazine's global Top Employer Survey, we’ve ranked top 10 for three years running. We were ranked the second best employer in 2017.
Explore our 2017 Report 
Learn about our results, business model, targets, outlook and so much more
Our purpose explained
Our purpose is deeply rooted in our heritage. It also looks ahead to what we can achieve together with customers, consumers, governments, academia and others around us in terms of finding the sustainable answers that our world needs, as our CEO explains. 
Our approach to sustainability is reflected in our purpose, strategy and long-term targets.
The triple bottom line
For us, sustainability means adding economic, environmental and social value.
Partnering for Impact
We call our strategy, "Partnering for Impact" and at its core is our belief that we make the biggest impact through partnerships.  Our strategy sets out four focus areas.
Rally for change
We will form partnerships and networks with customers, consumers, governments, suppliers, academia and others around us to make a sustainable difference.
Lead innovation
We will inspire and excite our customers by delivering more significant innovation, tailored to their local markets.
Focus on opportunities
We will prioritize the customers, markets and activities that hold the biggest opportunities for creating impact.
Grow people
We want to be better at enabling our employees to develop their professional and leadership skills.
Inspired by the UN's Sustainable Development Goals
Our long-term targets
We measure the success of our purpose and strategic focus areas using a number of financial and non-financial long-term targets. These ambitious targets reflect the belief that the use of our biological solutions will have a real and positive impact on the world.
Reach 6 billion people with our biological solutions
Every time a consumer uses a product that has been made or treated with our technology the world becomes a bit more sustainable. By 2020, we want 6 billion people worldwide to be using products made with our solutions at least once a week. 
This target is closely connected to our sales performance. Increasing our reach therefore depends on the successful execution of our strategy within each of our industries, and on expanding our sales in emerging and developing markets, which have the greatest untapped potential.
Education is crucial for global sustainable development as articulated in Sustainable Development Goal No. 4. Our employees have a wealth of knowledge about science and sustainability, and regularly engage with schools, universities and communities through various outreach programs.  
Catalyze 5 global partnerships for change 
Deliver 10 transformative innovations 
Each innovation we deliver has an impact. Some of our innovations transform markets. By 2020, we aim to deliver 10 transformative innovations, creating significant impact for our customers and making the world more sustainable. 
When evaluating our innovation efforts and pipeline, we consider their financial and transformative potential and measure their impact against the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
Our products help customers improve their environmental performance by reducing their consumption of energy, raw materials and chemicals and by lowering their CO2 emissions.  
Enable our employees to develop 
Great employees make for a great Novozymes. Our ability to grow and contribute to a better world is dependent on our ability to enable our employees to develop both personally and professionally. 
Reach 6 billion people with our biological solutions
Every time a consumer uses a product that has been made or treated with our technology the world becomes a bit more sustainable. By 2020, we want 6 billion people worldwide to be using products made with our solutions at least once a week. 
This target is closely connected to our sales performance. Increasing our reach therefore depends on the successful execution of our strategy within each of our industries, and on expanding our sales in emerging and developing markets, which have the greatest untapped potential.
Educate 1 million people about the potential of biology 
Education is crucial for global sustainable development as articulated in Sustainable Development Goal No. 4. Our employees have a wealth of knowledge about science and sustainability, and regularly engage with schools, universities and communities through various outreach programs.  
Catalyze 5 global partnerships for change 
Deliver 10 transformative innovations 
Each innovation we deliver has an impact. Some of our innovations transform markets. By 2020, we aim to deliver 10 transformative innovations, creating significant impact for our customers and making the world more sustainable. 
When evaluating our innovation efforts and pipeline, we consider their financial and transformative potential and measure their impact against the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 
Save 100 million tons of CO2 
Our products help customers improve their environmental performance by reducing their consumption of energy, raw materials and chemicals and by lowering their CO2 emissions.  
Enable our employees to develop 
Great employees make for a great Novozymes. Our ability to grow and contribute to a better world is dependent on our ability to enable our employees to develop both personally and professionally. 
Measuring our success
Long-term financial targets
Our long-term targets tell us if we are succeeding in helping the world become more sustainable, at the same time as ensuring Novozymes’ continued growth.
Return to historical growth rates
We expect to return to historical organic growth rates once we successfully commercialize the programs in our innovation pipeline.
EBIT Margin
We expect to maintain an annual EBIT margin of ≥ 26% from 2016 through to the end of the decade.
ROIC
We expect to maintain an annual ROIC of ≥ 25% from 2016 through to the end of the decade.
Ownership and management
Novozymes’ stock consists of two types: A and B shares. Both shares have a nominal value of DKK 2 per share, but an A share carries 10 times as many votes as a B share. Management in Novozymes A/S, the parent company, is headed by Novozymes' Board of Directors and the Executive Leadership Team
2000
While our roots stretch back to the foundation of Novo Terapeutisk Laboratorium in 1925, our story really began in 2000 when Novo was split into three independent companies:  Novo A/S, Novo Nordisk A/S, and Novozymes A/S.  We already had a strong portfolio of enzymes at this point, especially for the Food & Beverages and Household Care industries.
2001 – 2011
A number of acquisitions strengthened our business in the bioagriculture sector. In the same decade, we inaugurated the world’s largest enzyme fermentation facility in China.
2011 - 2013
Following the opening of the world’s first commercial-scale cellulosic ethanol plant in Crescentino, Italy, using Novozymes enzymes, the commercial production of cellulosic ethanol continued to broaden globally. In 2012 we inaugurated a plant of our own to produce biofuel enzymes in Nebraska. We now provide enzymatic solutions to the biofuel industry in South and North America and Europe.
2014 - today
The BioAg Alliance - formed with Monsanto in 2013 to develop more sustainable solutions for farmers - became fully operational. We also began to work with Adisseo and Boehringer Ingelheim Animal Health on probiotics as a sustainable potential alternative to antibiotic growth promoters in animal feed. In 2017, the application of our products helped reduce CO2 emissions by an estimated 76 million tons, and the Dow Jones Sustainability Index ranked us among the top 6% of companies in the chemical industry sector.
Positions & Policies
Position papers cover Novozymes’ view on issues that our stakeholders find particularly important. Policies describe how we will conduct our daily work in support of Novozymes' purpose and values.  
From local communities to global challenges, we can make a sustainable difference together. With unrivaled innovation, we advance your business and help you reach your goals.