About Us
Although all blood types are needed, those with O Negative type blood are especially encouraged to donate.
About Oklahoma Blood Institute
Oklahoma Blood Institute (OBI) is the sixth largest, non profit blood collector in America. 
OBI employs nearly 700 Oklahomans and works with 1,000 volunteers and 2,600 blood drive coordinators.  Blood needed by patients in more than 160 medical facilities in Oklahoma is provided by donors with OBI.  This includes exclusive service for every hospital in the metro-OKC area.  More than 125,000 donors provide more than 250,000 gifts of blood yearly for transfusion and associated clinical services. 
Every two seconds, someone needs blood, yet less than ten percent of those eligible to give blood do it. Blood donors with Oklahoma Blood Institute know they are, literally, saving the lives of their friends, family and co-workers, some who may have no idea they will need blood in an urgent situation. One blood donation can save up to three peoples’ lives.
As an organization dependent upon volunteer blood donors, Oklahoma Blood Institute believes strongly in giving back to the community. OBI is able to offer a variety of services to the community.
Industry leader in apheresis blood collection enabling donors to give full units of platelets & plasma to help cancer patients, burn victims & individuals with blood disorders.
Oklahoma’s only marrow donor registry site for the Be the Match® National Marrow Donor Program.
First blood center in the nation to provide cholesterol testing with every blood donation as a donor benefit.
When Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) became a blood supply safety concern in 1985, OBI was instrumental in the development of the original HIV Antigen test eventually used throughout the United States.
OBI physicians train residents and fellows at The University of Oklahoma College of Medicine. Physicians also provide transfusion medicine, education and disaster preparedness training to physicians and hospital blood bank personnel.
Provides the most comprehensive training program on automated phlebotomy technology in the state; In addition, provides comprehensive training programs in component manufacturing laboratory & testing laboratory processes & procedures.
Donor Benefit Plans provide financial reimbursement of blood processing fees, as a supplement to existing insurance coverage, should a donor or his tax dependents use blood within a year of donating. Group Benefit Plans provide coverage for donor groups that reach 25 percent participation in blood drives.
Blood processing fees, similar to those charged by all blood centers, recover the cost of collecting, testing, storing and delivering blood to hospital patients. Special projects are funded through the generous contributions of area businesses, schools, foundations and individuals.
Partners with approximately 2,500 businesses, schools, religious & civic organizations to conduct more than 4,000 blood drives annually.
Maintains a strong 1,000-member volunteer program across the state who give ~28,000 hours in a variety of essential tasks including greeting, labeling supplies and assisting with donor flow at blood drives. New volunteers are always welcome!
Oklahoma Blood Institute was the first center in the United States to offer PSA (prostate-specific antigen) testing for prostate cancer screening as a benefit to men.
Scheduled surgeries are NOT canceled in Oklahoma because of lack of blood, but it is a common problem in other parts of the nation.