Olympus Corporation is an international company operating in industrial, medical and consumer markets, specializing in optics, electronics and precision engineering.
For Financial, Investor Relations, Company Profile and Historical information on Olympus Corporation, please visit the Olympus Global Corporate Information Site.
This site covers an industry-leading portfolio of innovative test, measurement, and imaging instruments. Leading edge testing technologies include remote visual inspection (RVI), microscopy (IE), ultrasound (UT), phased array (PA), eddy current (EC), eddy current array (ECA), X-ray fluorescence (XRF) and optical metrology. Our products include ultrasonic flaw detectors and thickness gages, videoscopes, borescopes, microscopes, in-line and advanced nondestructive testing systems, XRF and XRD             analyzers, interferometers, and a large selection of industrial scanners, probes, software programs, and instrument accessories.
Our goal is to supply reliable, economical systems globally that enhance safety, security, quality and productivity for customers and that contribute to society. We are committed to actively pursuing the development of new technologies, products, and services that offer the best solutions to customers' needs. Our commitment to designing quality products is directly linked to our customers' responsibility to comply with the highest industry standards and regulations in order to ensure             public safety.
Our industrial testing instruments are available from the following companies, either directly or through its subsidiaries and distributors.
For information on other Olympus businesses in your area, please visit the Olympus Global Site.
Olympus Corporation (Scientific Solutions Business Company, Product Planning & Support Division)
Shinjuku Monolith, 3-1 Nishi-Shinjuku 2-chome, Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo, Japan.
Marketing, manufacturing and sales headquarters for Microscopes and Remote Visual Inspection (RVI) instruments.
Olympus Scientific Solutions Americas Inc.
48 Woerd Avenue Waltham, MA, 02453, USA.About the Training Academy
View the full list of available training courses on our  Events page .
Olympus recognizes the important role training plays in the proper use of its instrumentation. Whether the need is theory, general operational training, or certification to a specific industry standard, Olympus is focused on helping you learn to use our technology to the fullest. 
In an effort to support the theory, operational, and code compliant training and consulting needs of our customer base, we have formed the Olympus Training Academy that comprises many of the industry-leading training and certification professionals from around the world.
Regularly scheduled courses include:
Conventional Eddy Current and Eddy Current Array
Guided Wave
Bond Testing
Online Training Options 
Classes are regularly scheduled for frequently requested courses. Custom classes can be arranged directly at the customers’ facility or at the course location of our Training Academy members .
Descriptions, offerings, and contact information can be found on our website along with a planned class schedule. Class registration can be arranged directly with the chosen training member that best accommodates your needs. Many offer several consulting services beyond classroom training. Online training options are also available . 
Online, at our place or yours
Olympus regularly offers equipment-specific training for specific needs by sales, technical support, and product team members. 
Periodically we conduct technical seminars and workshops and participate in technical conferences across the world to demonstrate our newest technology advances. 
For more information on online training, including needs assessment, find your regional contact by contacting us.
Olympus offers many learning options that can be viewed or downloaded from our website:Ethics And Corporate Compliance
ETHICS AND CORPORATE COMPLIANCE
Our Commitment to Integrity
Olympus Corporation of the Americas (OCA) and all of our businesses are subject to the laws, regulations and ethical standards in each industry we serve, some of which are unique to the health care and life sciences areas of our business. 
We are committed to complying with the laws, regulations and highest ethical standards, and adhering to our own Codes of Conduct which guide our business processes, decisions and behavior.
CODE OF ETHICS
Conducting Business Within a Culture of Compliance
For Olympus Group companies worldwide, compliance with the law does not only mean following the letter of the law. It also means operating within a culture of compliance, and conducting our business in the spirit of corporate social responsibility. Earning and keeping the respect of our employees, business partners and our communities is of paramount importance.
To assist in maintaining the highest ethical standards, and to ensure that our core ethical values are embraced and understood at all levels of the Olympus organization and throughout our global operations, Olympus Corporation of the Americas has established a Code of Ethics (“Code”). Upon employment, each OCA employee is required to certify that he or she has read the Code, understands it and agrees to comply with it. Furthermore, on an annual basis, all OCA employees are required             to successfully complete on-line Ethics training and recertify their understanding and agreement to comply with the Code.
The core principles of our Code focus on:
Fostering a culture of compliance
Accomplishing innovation with integrity
Engaging in corporate social responsibility
COMPLIANCE CODE OF CONDUCT
Governing our Interactions with the Health Care and Life Sciences Industries
The Olympus Health Care Compliance Code of Conduct (“Compliance Code”) governs our interactions with our customers and health care professionals (“HCPs”). It also helps define our commitment as a corporation and as individuals to abide by the laws and industry standards that apply to our day-to-day interactions with our customers and HCPs.
Our Compliance Code is based on three fundamental principles:
Medical decisions should be focused on the best interests of patients.
Products must be promoted in a manner consistent with the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) approved uses (indications) as listed in the product labeling.
Training HCPs and others how to utilize our products and services in a safe and effective manner is important to enhance the well-being of the patients they serve.
The Compliance Code for Olympus Corporation of the Americas is summarized in a guide entitled Keeping our Focus: Compliance Summary for Customers and Health Care Professionals (Focus Guide). View or download a copy of Olympus’ Focus Guide .
Olympus's commitment to a culture of compliance is fully supported by senior management and Olympus expects all Olympus Representatives to reflect that commitment through their actions and decision-making. Olympus fosters this culture of compliance by developing clear and consistent policies, conducting regular compliance trainings, encouraging open communication, responding timely to concerns and identified risks and administering corrective action when necessary. In the United                         States, Olympus plays an active role in the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed). The Olympus Compliance Program has been developed based upon published guidance from the U.S. Federal Government, and its foundational elements are also consistent with the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals (AdvaMed Code). Olympus has certified to the AdvaMed Code. Olympus has strict anti-bribery policies in place and is committed to complying with                         anti-corruption laws in every place in which we do business.
INTEGRITY HOTLINE
Olympus is committed to ethical behavior by all employees in compliance with the laws and regulations that govern our industry.  Olympus strives for ethical and compliant behavior.  If there is ever an instance where you believe we have failed to live up to our standards, please let us know so we can take corrective action and address the issue.  Every Olympus Representative (including Company personnel and agents) has a duty to report any actual or suspected                         violations of any laws, regulations, government health care program requirements, internal policies and procedures, or inappropriate actions. To ensure that allegations of improper or illegal conduct, activities or practices are heard and addressed, OCA maintains an anonymous, confidential reporting system (the "Integrity Hotline").
The Integrity Hotline is maintained by a third-party, Ethics Point. Employees, customers, business partners and other third parties may make reports to the Integrity Hotline 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, every day of the year, by telephone or by using the internet. Ethics Point provides issue reporters with multi-lingual Hotline support and translation services.
When using the Integrity Hotline, issue reporters may elect to remain anonymous. In all cases, reports are treated with the utmost discretion. To maintain anonymity, issue reporters are assigned a unique code, called a “report key” within the Ethics Point system after reports are submitted, which is intended for the reporter’s eyes only.
The Integrity Hotline is accessed in the following manner:
Telephone:
Canada-French: 1-855-350-9393
In addition to the Integrity Hotline, OCA welcomes any reporting of concerns about unethical or unlawful conduct directly to management, Human Resources, the OCA Ethics Compliance Officer, the OCA Legal Department and/or the OCA Compliance Department. The OCA Compliance Department can be reached directly via phone at 484-896-4472 or via email at compliance@olympus.com . Company policy prohibits retaliation against any individual for reporting concerns             to the Integrity Hotline or directly to management in good faith.
Sorry, this page is not available in your country
Let us know what you're looking for by filling out the form below.
Copyright OLYMPUS CORPORATION, All rights reserved.
Copyright OLYMPUS CORPORATION, All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies to enhance performance, analyze traffic, and for ads measurement purposes. If you do not change your web settings, cookies will continue to be used on this website. To learn more about how we use cookies on this website, and how you can restrict our use of cookies, please review our Cookie Policy .
OK