Cart
ONE EARTH DESIGNS IS CHANGING BUSINESS AS USUAL
ERIC TYLER, HUFFINGTON POST
WHO WE ARE
At One Earth Designs, we recognise there are better, cleaner and more efficient ways to meet our future energy needs. Nature has already given us inspiration in the form of photosynthesis, which turns sunlight efficiently into energy and storing it in organic molecules for later use. With that inspiration, we have developed technologies that are 92% efficient in turning sunlight into energy (heat) directly. Our SolSource brand of solar cookers are the most efficient on the market. We are also developing technologies that can store this energy in organic compounds. The adoption of these technologies can help us transition into the age of sunlight.
We operate a non-profit organisation, One Earth Designs Inc, that focuses on bringing clean energy solutions to the developing world. Find out more at our non-profit website: www.OneEarthDesigns.org
PEOPLE
PLANET
PERFORMANCE
High-performance products that create measurable impact.
IT ALL BEGAN IN THE HIMALAYAS
One Earth Designs started in a humble home in the Himalayas. We delivered our first 6,000 SolSource solar stoves to rural nomads and farmers by motorcyle, horse-back, yak-back. Today, in addition to grilling up delicious summer picnics, our products provide clean solar energy to families facing extreme fuel scarcity and bring cleaner air to tens of thousands of people across developing regions.
Indoor Air Pollution
Energy poverty and indoor air pollution afflicting the nomadic communities in the Himalayas.
Awesome power of the sun
Inspired by the nomad’s recognition of the awesome power of the sun, Dr Powers set out to research and develop powerful, durable and safe solutions to meet the communities’ energy needs.
54 prototypes
Our product development journey involved hurling yak dung, riding on horseback, and gaining trust of the nomadic communities. The SolSource Classic is the culmination of tireless prototyping, supportive nomadic communities in the Himalayas, and our unflinching desire to develop a clean energy solution that can benefit mankind.
making meaningful improvements to people’s live
To date, we have delivered over 5,000 SolSources to Himalayans on yak and horseback. Consumers can also get their Himalaya-tested SolSource for their outdoor kitchens and off-grid homes.
MEET US
Our mission is to design products that help people thrive within the resources of our one Earth. We believe that, by harnessing small daily activities for good, we can make meaningful change. As both a legal and certified B Corp , we seek to create design solutions that integrate social, environmental, and financial sustainability.
DR. CATLIN POWERS
CO-FOUNDER & CEO
Dr. Catlin Powers is co-founder and CEO of One Earth Designs, which she has led from its humble beginnings in the Himalayas to reach customers on six continents. Dr. Powers received her doctorate from Harvard University, holds two solar energy patents, and serves on the technical advisory committee to the International Standards Organization.
CHRIS FISHER
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
Mr. Fisher comes with a wealth of experience in bringing innovative products to market. His expertise includes product development, business processes and and supply chain management. He is also an impact investor, and recently founded Giinseng promoting sustainable investments in social enterprises.
DR. HIN-YAN WONG
CHIEF MARKETING OFFICER
Dr. Wong has extensive experience in corporate communications, digital marketing and advertising, having worked on many exciting global brand, marketing and communication projects for clients in sectors such as luxury automotive, heating solutions, cultural diplomacy, mobile communications, third-sector and governmental organisations.
DR. JEFFREY GROSSMAN
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT LEAD
Dr Grossman is Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at MIT.
BOB BRADSHAW
Receive news and inspirational idea for solar cooking, disaster preparedness and off grid living, as well as special promotions.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Login