Page Content Section
ENGIE Services U.S. is a national energy infrastructure and building services company that helps education, government, commercial and industrial customers become more efficient, productive and sustainable. Customers benefit from our wide spectrum of highly customizable building system maintenance and facility management services, technical projects and integrated programs. Over the past 40 years, thousands of our customers have captured more than $2.7 billion in savings, while also improving the performance of their facilities in terms of reliability, safety, comfort and resource use.
With the full backing of our parent company, ENGIE, we are driving the energy transition to a low-carbon economy. Our ambition is to build a society that demands less energy and is less dependent on fossil fuels.
As part of the #1 energy services provider in the world, we provide an extensive set of energy and sustainability management services to thousands of customers throughout the United States.
Page Content Section
44+
Mission Statement
Our mission is to advance the sustainable energy economy and positively impact our local communities, institutions, and businesses.
Page Content Section
Drive
We continually drive for the highest operational and financial performance through innovation, efficiency, and financial discipline on behalf of all our stakeholders.
Commitment
We commit to the highest standards of safety in everything we do. As such, we develop our services with respect for the individual and for the planet with transparency and integrity.
Daring
We dare to live in the present with optimism and to build for the future with ambition, creativity and an entrepreneurial mindset.
Cohesion
We mobilize all our strengths in a spirit of teamwork and values-driven behavior to share best practice, learn from each other and create a sustainable business.
Page Content Section
For More Information
Hi,  Please send me more information regarding ENGIE Services U.S..  Thank you!
Send