Corporate Overview
PDF Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: PDFS) is the leading provider of yield improvement technologies and services for the IC manufacturing process life cycle. PDF Solutions offers solutions that are designed to enable clients to lower costs of IC design and manufacture, enhance time to market, and improve profitability by addressing design and manufacturing interactions from product design to initial process ramps to mature manufacturing operations. PDF Solutions' Characterization Vehicle® (CV®) test chips provide the core modeling capabilities, and are used by more leading manufacturers than any other test chips in the industry. Exensio™, PDF Solutions' industry leading yield management and fault detection and classification enterprise software platform, enhances yield improvement and production control activities at leading fabs around the world. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., PDF Solutions operates worldwide with additional offices in China, Europe, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. For the company's latest news and information, visit http://www.pdf.com/ .
Investor PresentationsCorporate Overview
PDF Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: PDFS) is the leading provider of yield improvement technologies and services for the IC manufacturing process life cycle. PDF Solutions offers solutions that are designed to enable clients to lower costs of IC design and manufacture, enhance time to market, and improve profitability by addressing design and manufacturing interactions from product design to initial process ramps to mature manufacturing operations. PDF Solutions' Characterization Vehicle® (CV®) test chips provide the core modeling capabilities, and are used by more leading manufacturers than any other test chips in the industry. Exensio™, PDF Solutions' industry leading yield management and fault detection and classification enterprise software platform, enhances yield improvement and production control activities at leading fabs around the world. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., PDF Solutions operates worldwide with additional offices in China, Europe, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. For the company's latest news and information, visit http://www.pdf.com/ .
Investor Presentations