How We Started. And Where We’re Headed Next.
You might say we were born innovators. Back in 1967, Pentron set a standard for quality and value in the dental consumables marketplace. Our goal was to stay ahead of the curve by creating technologically advanced products that would enhance the practice of dentistry. And that’s exactly what we’ve been doing ever since.
Early on, we introduced our original flowable composite, total etch bonding system, and a line of impression material that has remained popular to this day. More recent introductions have included veneer cement, liquid dentin, solvent free SE adhesive, core build up material and posts. Every day, we look forward to what’s coming next.
Now, more than 40 years of expert research and development later, our product lines have evolved—and so have our customers. Dentists today are accomplishing more and achieving greater results than ever before, in practices that grow increasingly more complex. What we’ve come to realize along the way is that being a cutting edge product manufacturer only satisfies part of the equation.
If we’re to keep true to our roots and continue enhancing the practice of dentistry, we must rise to meet our customers’ ever-changing and ever-broadening needs. Needs that still include—but now go beyond—innovative products. As we move forward, we want to do more for our customers and be more to them than ever before. And as ever, we’re up for the challenge.
Sales & Service
Your time is extremely valuable, inside and outside of your practice. So to make the most of your time, our Customer Service and Technical Support teams are always ready to take your call and answer any questions you have about Pentron Clinical and our products. You should expect nothing less than fast and exemplary service when you contact us.
Similarly, you deserve the best and most reliable products available. That’s why every product we manufacture adheres to the highest standards of quality, conforms to rigorous specifications, and undergoes stringent quality control measures.
Although Pentron originally started as a direct selling company, in 2012 we rechanneled our business to sell through the dealer network. Partnering with our dealers allows us to serve you better and save you time by allowing you to order all of your dental goods through one source. So while you should never hesitate to contact us directly with any questions, your knowledgeable dealer representative can be a dependable resource for you as well.
We acknowledge that any number of manufacturers you do business with can meet your expectations. But we’d prefer to earn your business by exceeding them.
Code of Conduct
The Advanced Medical Technology Association ("AdvaMed") is an association of medical and dental device manufacturers that produce the medical and dental technologies that are transforming health care through earlier disease detection, less invasive procedures and more effective treatments. AdvaMed member companies recognize that adherence to high ethical standards and compliance with laws is critical to the success of the leading dental and medical technology manufacturers, like Pentron.
The AdvaMed Code of Ethics clarifies and distinguishes between appropriate and inappropriate activity between health care professionals and representatives of AdvaMed member companies. AdvaMed’s member companies recognize the importance of ethical interactions with health care professionals and the Code sets guidelines to ensure that treatment decisions are based on the best interests of the patient. Pentron strongly upholds the message and spirit of the  AdvaMed’s Code of Ethics .
Return Policy
100% refund in the form of cash or credit, as elected by Pentron if product is returned within 30 days from date of shipment. Product returned after 30 days and up to 6 months from date of shipment will be subject to a 20% restocking fee and receive account credit only. Product returned after 6 months and up to 1 year from date of shipment will be subject to a 50% restocking fee and receive account credit only. Product returns will not be accepted or credited after a period of one year.
To return or exchange product, call our Customer Service Department at 800-551-0283 to obtain a Return Authorization Number.
Limited Warranty - Limitation of Pentron Clinical’s Liability
Pentron Clinical’s technical advice, whether verbal or in writing, is designed to assist dentists in using Pentron Clinical’s product. The dentist assumes all risk and liability for damages arising out of the improper use of Pentron Clinical’s product. In the event of a defect in material or workmanship, Pentron Clinical’s liability is limited, at Pentron Clinical’s option, to replacement of the defective product or part thereof, or reimbursement of the actual cost of the defective product. In order to take advantage of this limited warranty, the defective product must be returned to Pentron. In no event shall Pentron Clinical be liable for any indirect, incidental, or consequential damages. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED ABOVE, THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, BY PENTRON, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO DESCRIPTION, QUALITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Buyer’s Exclusive Remedy
In the event that this product proves to be defective within a period of one (1) year from the date of shipment to Buyer, Buyer’s exclusive remedy shall be at Pentron Clinical’s option of either replacement of the product or defective part or component, free of charge, or refund of the purchase price. Buyer is only entitled to this remedy upon showing that the product has been stored and used in accordance with Pentron Clinical’s instructions with the exception that this warranty nevertheless extends to products whose expiration dates fall within the one-year limited warranty period.
Disclaimer of Consequential Damages  
Pentron Clinical hereby disclaims any liability for loss or damage, direct or consequential, that result from the use of this product.
Disclaimer of All Other Warranties
THERE ARE NO OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONNECTED WITH THE SALE OF THIS PRODUCT. Pentron Clinical SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.