About Phillips 66
With more than 140 years of experience, we are well-positioned to help fulfill global energy needs. We are a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company with unique businesses in Refining, Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties.
About Phillips 66
With more than 140 years of experience, we are well-positioned to help fulfill global energy needs. We are a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company with unique businesses in Refining, Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties.
​Providing Energy. Improving Lives.®
Close Video
We are excited about the future of energy. Our advantaged and nimble company is full of seasoned leadership and talented people making responsible choices to adapt and explore the opportunities the changing market brings.
We do this while living out our values of safety, honor and commitment, to improve lives by providing access to energy which is essential to a high standard of living and health throughout the world.
Our employees, suppliers, and partners share this vision to provide energy in ways that improve lives. Our hard work, and team work, keeps energy flowing. We do the work that makes the world work.
We Are the Makers and Movers
Watch now
Close Video
Strategy
We deliver on our vision through consistently executing the strategies proven to drive shareholder value since our start in 2012.
By maintaining strong operating excellence, we are committed to safety, reliability and environmental stewardship while protecting shareholder value
We are reshaping the company’s portfolio by capturing growth opportunities in Midstream and Chemicals.
A disciplined capital allocation process ensures that we maximize earnings from existing assets and investing capital efficiently.
Committed to dividend growth, share repurchases and financial strength.
Our employees are committed to building capability, pursuing excellence and doing the right thing.
Our Businesses
Midstream
Whether it’s transporting and storing NGL, crude oil, feedstocks or refined and specialty products, or fractionating NGLs, our Midstream business is essential to the value chain.
Marketing
In the United States, as of Dec. 31, 2017, we marketed gasoline, diesel and aviation fuel through approximately 7,550 independently owned outlets in 48 states. The sites utilize the Phillips 66, Conoco or 76 brands.
The Chemicals segment consists of our 50 percent equity investment in CPChem, which is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas. At the end of 2017, CPChem owned or had joint venture interests in 30 global manufacturing facilities and two U.S. research and development centers.
Vision and Values
Our vision is to provide energy and improve lives, and we back that up with core company values of safety, honor and commitment.
Watch now
Vision and Values
Our vision is to provide energy and improve lives, and we back that up with core company values of safety, honor and commitment.
Watch now
Close Video
History
Our company’s name Phillips 66 reflects our rich history, strong brand recognition and value from being one of the leading fuel brand names in the United States for almost 130 years. Phillips 66 has had great moments that demonstrate its vision and values, and we’ve never been more excited about the future.
Origins
Conoco began as the Continental Oil and Transportation Co., one of the first petroleum marketers in the West, in 1875.
The Big Orange Ball is born
The 76 brand, long familiar in the western U.S., was created by Union Oil Company of California (later Unocal) in 1932.
Helping win the war
During World War II, Phillips Petroleum and Conoco made high-octane aviation fuel possible, boosting the power of Allied airplanes.
During the 50s, 60s and 70s, Conoco and Phillips Petroleum expanded operations and entered new markets. Conoco built a new refinery in Billings, Mont. and expanded overseas. Phillips invented polyethylene plastics and entered the plastics business. It also began producing a polyolefin plastic trademarked as Marlex. Wham-O Manufacturing used Marlex in the production of the hula hoop.
Takeover targets
In 1981, DuPont acquired Conoco after a heated takeover battle, and Conoco became a wholly owned DuPont subsidiary. It was the largest merger in U.S. history at that time. Phillips Petroleum fended off multiple takeover attempts during the 80s as well.
Conoco and Phillips Petroleum officially merged in 2002 to become ConocoPhillips, creating the sixth-largest publicly traded oil company in the world and the third-largest in the U.S.
ConocoPhillips spun off its midstream and downstream businesses to create a publicly traded company called Phillips 66 that began trading under the symbol PSX on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on May 1, 2012.
Today
Phillips 66 has 14,000 employees worldwide committed to safety and operating excellence. In 2016, Phillips 66 moved into its new world headquarters in Houston and completed a multibillion-dollar midstream and export project on the Texas Gulf Coast.Site search
Close search
PSX
PSXP
Contact
Careers
Menu
Menu
About
Customers
Overview
Asphalt
Crude Oil
Interest Owners
Real Estate
Specialties
Sustainability
Overview
#WeLoveFreshAir
Investors
Overview
Stock Information
Financial Information
Events-And Presentations
Corporate Governance
Phillips 66 Partners
Resources
Newsroom
Overview
Feature Stories
Media Request Form
Image Gallery Form
Logo Use
Contact
Careers
PSX 
-3.88
PSXP 
-1.70
Site search
Close search
Customers
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.
search
Customers
Serving the customer is a top priority for Phillips 66, whether offering high quality fuels and lubricants at service stations and retail outlets, or providing businesses with chemicals, specialty products and other solutions.
Customers
Serving the customer is a top priority for Phillips 66, whether offering high quality fuels and lubricants at service stations and retail outlets, or providing businesses with chemicals, specialty products and other solutions.
​
Doing Business With Us
For more than a century, consumers across the globe have come to rely on Phillips 66 branded fuels and services. Our global brands reinforce our commitment to offering superior quality products. Learn more by clicking on a logo below.
​
Station
Finder
Products
Asphalt
Aviation
Crude Oil
Fuels
Lubricants
Specialties
Phillips 66 produces asphalt at its Wood River refinery in Roxana, IL and its Lake Charles Refinery in Lake Charles, LA.
More about Asphalt
Pilots and FBOs have been relying on Phillips 66 Aviation for 90 years as their source for the highest quality jet and aviation gasoline fuels.
More about Aviation
Phillips 66 purchases crude oil and condensate through its North American Supply and Trading business operation.
More abo
ut Crude Oil
Our fuel brands, Phillips 66
®
, Conoco
®
, 76
®
, JET
®
 and Coop, are backed by a network of 11 refineries, 200 terminals and 7,000 branded sites. Our passion is fueled by quality assets, strong operations and excellence customer service.
Phillips 66 Gas
Conoco
76
​
Station Finder
​
Phillips 66 Aviation
JET UK
JET Germany
JET Austria
Coop
​
Phillips 66 Fuel Supplier
Phillips 66 is the fourth-largest lubricants supplier in the U.S. With world-class research and development facilities and eight proprietary blending and packaging facilities, Phillips 66 lubricants are sold in more than 80 countries.
Phillips 66 Lubricants
Kendall Motor Oil
Red Line Synthetic Oil
Phillips 66 also produces state-of-the-art base oils and process oils. 
Group II Base Oils
Group III Base Oils
Process Oil
Phillips 66 manufactures and sells a variety of specialty products designed to support commercial, industrial and wholesale buyers worldwide. The company’s product line includes petroleum coke products, waxes, solvents and polypropylene.
More about Specialties
Services
AP Vendor Relations
Our Procure-to-Pay Process (P2P) automates and streamlines procedures to improve operational efficiency and cost effectiveness. 
AP VENDOR RELATIONS SITE
Real Estate
Phillips 66 owns numerous surplus real estate properties throughout the United States.
REAL ESTATE MAP 
Safety Data Sheets
Safety Data Sheets for all current, commercially sold or traded products are available by searching Name, Synonym or SDS Number.
SDS SEARCH
Interest Owners
We work to answer any questions about ownership interests in a prompt, informative and helpful manner.
INTEREST OWNER TOOLS 
© Phillips 66 Company.
All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions
 and 
Privacy Statement.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Disclosure.
Phillips 66 on Facebook
Phillips 66 on Twitter
Phillips 66 on Instagram
Phillips 66 on Youtube