Piksel has been delivering online video solutions since the birth of the online video space – for over 15 years some of the world’s biggest broadcasters have trusted us to provide them with the solutions they need to deliver on their business objectives while supplying the best experience to their customers.
Our video solutions sit on the foundation of the Piksel Palette™ micro services architecture which enables clients to pick and choose the features that are right for their circumstances. This modular, feature focused approach makes updating and replacing individual components fast, reliable and easy, providing the future proofed value businesses need to get to the next stage in their digital evolution.
The Piksel Fuse suite of products now focus on supplying the tools that broadcasters and platform operators need to move legacy/analogue systems to a digital first workflow. They share a combined mission statement; provide flexibility and adaptability while reducing costs, streamlining workflows and driving revenue.
Leadership Team
Ralf Tillmann
Interim Chief Executive Officer
As Interim Chief Executive Officer, Ralf Tillmann is responsible for the overall management and direction of the Piksel Group.
Ralf joined Piksel Group in September 2012 and brings over 15 years of experience in integration, adaptation and business reconstruction gained as Executive Vice President of Integrated Dynamics Engineering. Prior to joining Piksel Group, he was General Manager for VEECO Instruments Metrology Group Europe in Mannheim, Germany and GM / EVP of Integrated Dynamics Engineering for over 10 years.
Ralf began his education at the Technical University of Munich with MS in Physics and then PhD in Biophysics. He then decided to move away from science into technology commercialization and marketing specializing in augmenting business profitability and cost-effectiveness.
More
As Chief Technology Officer, Mark Christie is responsible for Piksel Group’s client solutions including product strategy, innovation, and management, solution deployment, research and development, and global network infrastructure.
Mark joined Piksel Group in April 2011, after the acquisition of IP video solutions provider ioko, where he was CEO and co-founder, growing the company over fifteen years from a UK-based business with two employees to an international business with 350 staff and operations worldwide. In addition to leading ioko’s management team and overseeing its client accounts, business development, and operational support organization, Mark built the managed service infrastructure to support tier-one customers like ITV, Channel 4, the BBC, and AT&T.
He holds a Masters degree in Electronic Systems Engineering from the University of York.
More
Kris Brown
Co-Managing Director
As joint Managing Director of Piksel’s Media & Entertainment business, Kris holds primary responsibility for the growth of the company’s products, operations and architectural direction.
During almost two decades in enterprise software, Kris has worked on architecture, design and delivery for clients spanning healthcare, financial services, the public sector and, of course, media and entertainment. Having initially joined Piksel in 2010, he returned to the company in 2014 following a period spent in-house at a major media technology company. Prior to his appointment as joint managing director, he served as the company’s Head of Product. Kris is focused on organisational culture, business transformation, metadata management and highly available data intensive systems.
Kris studied at the University of Durham, where he attained a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.
More
Kristan Bullett
Co-Managing Director
As one half of Piksel’s Media & Entertainment leadership team, Kristan is responsible for driving the company’s commercial direction and developing long-lasting, collaborative relationships with our customers. Formerly Piksel’s Head of Solutions, he continues to provide technical leadership and guidance around the company’s architectural approach.
With nearly 20 years’ experience in the media and entertainment industry, Kristan has invaluable experience working directly with many top tier clients including BSkyB, AT&T, BBC, Channel 4, Disney, and Liberty Global. During this time he has helped shape these companies over-the-top (OTT) and online video strategies, galvanizing them as front-runners in the world of online video. A highlight was leading the architecture and delivery for Horizon Go for Liberty Global. Kristan has strong interests in DRM, metadata management, standardizations in the OTT space and understanding how traditional broadcasters can fully transition to IP.
Kristan holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Systems Development.
More
Ruth Patterson
General Counsel
As General Counsel, Ruth Patterson is responsible for Piksel’s global legal and compliance function including managing client and vendor contracts, managing corporate governance and advising the company’s other officers and board members. In addition, Ruth has responsibility for oversight of the global human resources function, including compliance, recruitment and employee development.
Prior to joining Piksel, Ruth trained and practiced at the global law firm Herbert Smith Freehills LLP for five years specialising in corporate, commercial and finance law and working for a number of FTSE 250 clients, before spending eighteen months as legal counsel for a global asset manager.
Ruth studied law at the University of Manchester followed by a Legal Practice Course and masters in Professional Legal Practice at BPP University Law School in London.
More
EVENTS
IBC 2018: September 14 – 15