BIORESORBABLES
With over 25 years of experience pushing the limits in the bioabsorbable marketplace, Poly-Med, Inc. has been granted more than 130 patents for specialty polymers, gels, meshes, fibers, and composites
Poly-Med’s mission is to design, develop, and manufacture custom biotechnology materials to propel specialty product visions into tangible, highly-competitive, and unique product offerings.
A LOOK INTO POLY-MED, INC.
Take a look into the makings of our company.
Our History
July 9, 1993
Dr. Shalaby W. Shalaby founded Poly-Med, Inc. in Pendelton, South Carolina. His vision continues to drive our dedicated approach. Our company remains focused on the advancement of bioresorbable polymers for use in medical device and drug delivery applications.
First Patents
August 13, 1993
Setting the framework for our distinctive strategy in vertical integration and unique product offerings, the first patent applications are filed. US Patents 5,898,040 and 5,969,020 “Microporous polymeric foams and microtextured surfaces” were granted from these initial applications. These original patents disclose novel materials and processes to generate substrates for medical applications.
First Medical Device Release
February 7, 2001
Forming a relationship with a leading partner in the industry, the first product to utilize a Poly-Med, Inc. technology is launched. We worked with our partner to identify materials and process, and continue to support them through contract manufacturing today.
R&D Facility Expansion
August 14, 2003
Poly-Med Inc.’s corporate offices and R&D operations merge under one roof. This expended facility allows growth into new operations; including dedicated extrusion and coating facilities along with enhanced analytical capabilities.
BioE Facility Opened
March 21, 2005
Poly-Med opens a 14,000sf state-of-the-art facility dedicated to expanding manufacturing and quality demands. This new facility allows for more then double the manufacturing capabilities.
Patent Application Milestone
April 23, 2007
Our 100th patent application is submitted to the USPTO. US Patent 7,632,765 is granted from this application, disclosing inorganic-organic melted extruded fibers and constructs for use in advanced medical devices.
First Specialty Mesh Launched
First Polymer for Drug Release
November 9, 2010
The first sustained release pharmaceutical, utilizing a proprietary Poly-Med polymer system, is officially launched in Germany. The polymeric base provides a stable, hydro-setting gel system to release the antibiotic doxycycline for 14 days.
Honored
April 13, 2011
Dr. Shalaby is awarded the Society for Biomaterials, C. William Hall lifetime achievement award. This esteemed award honors significant contributions to biomaterials science and education.
Clemson University Faculty
May 5, 2011
In continuing support of Clemson University’s increased graduate student research and education, Poly-Med Inc. proudly adds three adjunct faculty professors to their curriculum.
Product Release Milestone
January 6, 2013
A molded fastener used for soft tissue fixation prepared from our Max-Prene® 955, is cleared for marketing. This marks the 15th product utilizing Poly-Med’s bioabsorbable technologies released into the marketplace.
Manufacturing Expansion
February 2015
In order to meet the increasing need for specialty engineering and manufacturing support, we are expanding. Our new state-of-the art facility will include additional offices and manufacturing areas for engineering, quality assurance, polymerization, textile conversion, and packaging.
Founding
July 9, 1993
Dr. Shalaby W. Shalaby founded Poly-Med, Inc. in Pendelton, South Carolina. His vision continues to drive our dedicated approach. Our company remains focused on the advancement of bioresorbable polymers for use in medical device and drug delivery applications.
1993
Present
FAMILY OWNED
In 2010, Dave Shalaby took on the role of president after having served on the board of directors for eight years. Under Dave’s leadership, the company has grown into a vertically integrated design, development, and custom manufacturer of bioresorbable medical device and pharmaceutical products.  Before stepping into his role at Poly-Med, Inc., Dave was founder and president of InSource Consulting, providing strategic consulting services to financial service companies to improve process and business efficiencies through the use of process analysis methodologies.
During his tenure, Dave personally led major merger and acquisition integrations for two Fortune 100 insurance companies and has overseen countless key strategic efforts in support of his clients.
He grew InSource Consulting into a multi-million dollar specialty management consulting firm aimed at providing strategic support services to large companies within the healthcare, financial service, and federal government sectors. InSource Consulting was acquired by Virtusa, Inc. (NASDAQ:VRTU) in 2009.
This unique mix of strategic and business acumen has led to significant growth at Poly-Med, Inc. Several key initiatives encouraging the team to achieve elegant solutions are advancing the company to the next level, while staying true to the legacy of Dave’s father, Dr. Shalaby W. Shalaby.
Education
David holds a B.S. in Aeronautical Technology from Purdue University (1992) and an MBA from Loyola University of Chicago (1994).