Polystar enables Communications Service Providers to achieve excellence in CEM, Big Data Analytics, Service Assurance, Network Monitoring and high-performance testing. We help operators to simplify their CEM strategies to deliver a seamless customer experience across multiple touch-points. Polystar’s real-time Network and Customer insights deliver the goldmine of Big Data analytics to CSPs.
Our heritage spans more than 30 years of continuous innovation and sustained success. Our solutions bring tangible and measurable financial benefits to our customers. We are proudly independent, with our financial record and stability recognised by AAA ratings from the industry.
00
Improve customer loyalty and reduce churn
Help avoid and minimise network disruption
Provide information to understand and meet the needs of high revenue subscribers
Enable the launch of more targeted offers and products
Help to implement, support and monetise a successful Big Data Analytics strategy
Our Mission
Polystar’s mission is to bring clarity to an increasingly complex telecommunications ecosystem, delivering actionable intelligence that is adapted to the differing needs of key stakeholders in the operator’s environment.
Our Strategy
Our strategy is to leverage our innovative real-time technology, combined with our deep knowledge of telecommunications standards, to build pre-integrated solutions that deliver network, service and subscriber insights.
Our Global Presence
Since our foundation, our team of professionals has delivered continuous and sustained organic growth in a highly competitive industry. Proudly Swedish, but with a truly global outlook, Polystar has made considerable investments in major international markets. These investments enable our team to address our growing number of international clients and increasing demand for our solutions. Currently, we maintain ten offices around the world in Sweden, USA, Canada, Germany, Australia, Russia, UAE and Singapore. Polystar’s headquarters is located in Stockholm, Sweden.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Over 30 Years of Industry Recognition and Success
Polystar has a proven track record, built over more than 30 years, winning multiple awards for our innovation and outstanding achievements.
Name *
Company *
Title *
E-Mail *Solutions
Business Insights
Marketing Insights
Customer Care Insights
Sales Insights
Network Performance Insights
NOC Insights
Network Management Insights
Device Insights
Roaming Insights
Executive Insights
CxO Insights
Innovation
Capitalising on machine learning and predictive analytics
Evolving from the NOC to the SOC
Monitoring in the RAN
Network OSS data
Big Data Analytics
Internet of Things (IoT)
Products
Service Assurance
Kalix
OSIX Monitoring
OSIX Import
OSIX Export
Jupiter
Service Enablement
Odin
Solver
Solver for NEMs
Solver for CSPs
Professional Services
Company
Management
Our Approach to Security & Quality
News
Events
Careers with Polystar
Contact
Whistleblower
Partners
OEM Partners
Channel Partners
Resources
Search
Menu
Whistleblower
Give us your feedback – anonymously!
Home
//
Polystar
//
Whistleblower
Please send us your input!
The purpose with this page is to allow you to be 
able to anonymously
 send Polystar any feedback you like. Since any input sent via this form will be sent anonymously to Polystar, this will allow you to Whistle Blow. To protect you, we do not require you to sign-in to be able to fill out the form, nor will we track any information about you, like e.g. your IP or any other info.
If you want us to be able to contact you, you however need to provide us with any applicable contact info via the form below.
Whistleblow Form
Your feedback 
*
Company 
About Polystar
Professional Services
Partner Programmes
News
Solutions & Products
Business Insights
Network Performance Insights
Executive Insights
Service Assurance
Service Enablement
Latest News
Polystar announces its participation in the Mobile World Congress 2019
15 November 2018
POLYSTAR ANNOUNCES ISO 9001 AND 27001 CERTIFICATIONS
27 September 2018
Polystar chosen by European Tier 1 operator to provide virtual Solver test solution
21 March 2018
Newsletter
Newsletter SignUp Footer
Name 
*
Company 
*
Title 
*
E-Mail 
*
Scroll to top
© Polystar 2018. All Rights Reserved.      |     
Privacy
 & 
Cookies
     |     
Designed by 2Sinn 
INNOVATION IN NETWORK INTELLIGENCE
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you don't agree, you may change your browser settings accordingly.
Accept
Read More