Company Profile
Founded in 2007 and based in Atlanta, Georgia, Radiance Solar LLC specializes in turnkey solar power installations for commercial, institutional and utility customers. The company also provides customized solutions for Electric Municipal Cooperatives (EMC’s) in addition to Operations & Maintenance services. The company also offers distinct services in system design and engineering, construction, solar energy consulting, and large-scale project development.
Ranked among the nation’s top solar companies, Radiance has installed over over 100 MW of clean, renewable solar power throughout more than 300 sites across the Southeastern US and Mexico. The company has a proven track record of delivering high performing systems of every scale, budget and degree of complexity. We pride ourselves in building long-term assets that promise to deliver a meaningful return on investment for our clients.
We have a vertically-integrated construction process, from design through final QA/QC, that ensures the assets we build will stand the test of time. We consistently met our clients’ interconnection deadlines and have a 100% OSHA safety record.
We lead the industry in driving technical excellence and follow a “built to last” philosophy where we source only Tier 1 warrantied components, upsize key components for real world conditions, torque every bolt to manufacturers specifications, and protect key conductors and components from harsh effects of sunlight and thermal cycling.
Radiance Solar has been named among the nation’s ‘Top 100 Solar Contractors’ for the last five years, and has received multiple awards in the areas of innovation and renewable energy. Twice, Radiance has been recognized by INC Magazine as one of the INC 5000 fastest growing companies in America.
With a relentless focus on performance, reliability and safety, we design, engineer and construct the highest-value solar systems in the marketplace today.
404-885-9898
888-802-1964
Suite 2, Atlanta, GA 30318
Copyright