In 1897, Alfred M. Reynolds solved a problem that had frustrated cycle frame builders for many years. 
By thickening the walls at the end of the tubes, Alfred had discovered a technique that would revolutionise cycle frame engineering to the present day.
A lot has happened in the last 120 years and many milestones have been achieved; by our engineers, our clients and their riders. Not least 27 Tour de France winners.
In 2018, our butted steel tubing technology remains the product of choice for high-performance cycle manufacturers, including De Rosa, Genesis, Mercian and LeMond, to name but a few.
Innovation is the driver behind everything we do. Together with our clients, we’re continually improving the performance of cycling and cyclists – from club level to pro-team.
The next phase of our journey is going to be the most exciting yet – we hope you’ll join us on it.
John Reynolds starts as a nail manufacturer in Birmingham, England.
1897
Alfred M. Reynolds and J.T Hewitt patent the invention of butted tubing.
1898
The predecessor to today’s Reynolds bicycle tubing company is formed, called The Patent Butted Tube Co., Ltd. on 20th December 1898.
1917
Due to increased wartime production, The Patent Butted Tube Co., Ltd relocates to a large Tudor house known as Hay Hall in Tyseley, Birmingham.
1928
Reynolds Tube Co., Ltd. is acquired by Tube Investments, Ltd.
1935
Max Bigford and Austyn Reynolds introduce the legendary Reynolds 531 tubeset, with 5-3-1 ratio of key elements in this manganese-steel alloy.
1958
Luxembourg’s Charly Gaul wins the Tour de France astride a Reynolds 531-built bicycle, completing the 4,319.5km race more than three minutes ahead of Italy’s Vito Favero.
1969
Belgium’s Eddy Merckx wins his first of five Tour de France on his private-label, Reynolds-tubed DeRosa. France’s Walter Pingeon finished a distant second, nearly 18 minutes back in the 4,102km race.
1976
1980
Reynolds receives the coveted Guidon D’or (Golden Handlebar) award for its 531 tubing.
1986
American upstart Greg LeMond wins his first of three Tours de France on his private-label, Reynolds-tubed Hinault. His bike’s namesake finished three minutes behind in the 4,083hm epic race.
1991
Spaniard Miguel Indurain wins the first of his record-setting five consecutive Tours de France, beating rivals Gianni Bungo and Claudio Chiappucci by more than three minutes, astride a Reynolds-tubed Pinarello.
1995
Reynolds introduced 853, the world’s first commercial air-hardening steel for bicycle frame tubes.
1996
Reynolds is named the official tubing supplier to USA Cycling, who provide GT Bicycles through the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Australia.
1998
Reynolds celebrates 100 years as the world’s leading bicycle tubing manufacturer by announcing a complete product range, encompassing steel, aluminium, titanium and carbon fibre materials.
2000
A management buy-out on 24th January led by Keith Noronha takes Reynolds back into private ownership, whilst keeping the employees (and experience) on board.
2002
Reynolds launch the first seamless butted 6AI-4V titanium tubeset, the highest performance tubing metallic material available to the bike industry.
2006
The company is renamed Reynolds Technology Ltd. to reflect the increasing revenues from diversification into “new” sectors for tubing outside the cycle industry.
2007
The new “953” stainless marging steel range becomes commercially available to builders – probably the hardest material in the bike industry at over 1800 MPa tensile strength.
2008
Reynolds installs a plg-bar drawbench at Shaftmoor Lane, adding productions capability and flexibility.
Specialist niche sales sectors now include motorsport, oil down-hole drilling, sports wheelchairs and related tubing based on the high-strength materials developed for the bike industry. A special edition “531” tubeset is launched to mark our 110th year.Toggle navigation
About
Our Brand
Our People
Register for updates
Materials
Steel
Aluminium
Magnesium
Titanium
How is butted tubing made?
Brochure downloads
FAQs
3D Printing
Materials
Butted Tubing
Welding & Joining
Replacement Decals
News & Events
News & Events
Featured Bikes
Social Wall
Contact
United Kingdom
France
Taiwan & China
USA – California
USA – Oregon
Japan
Shop
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Our Brand
We’re proud that our brand is recognised and trusted across world cycling.
For well over a century, our products have been at the forefront of cycling design and engineering, helping manufacturers and cyclists continually push the boundaries of performance.
Our reputation has been built on innovative engineering excellence, which runs through the heart of our brand and our culture. This ensures that today’s cycling manufacturers, teams and riders perform better tomorrow.
In 2018, our famous numbered decals are recognised across the world as a marque of quality and prestige on many types of bike, as well as other products, including ice skates and sports cars.
Innovation remains our driving force to ensure we keep cycling manufacturers and their riders at the front of the peloton.
Learn about our people
About Reynolds
Our Brand
Our People
Register for updates
Search Site
Top
Share this with friends!
Share
Tweet
Share
Pin
Email
News & Events 
Reynolds Turns 120: The History of Reynolds Technology
News & Events 
Reynolds Tubing Guide : Our Very Own ‘Tube Map’
© Copyright 2018 Reynolds Technology Limited. 
Terms and Cookies.
Register for updates
Site by Traffic
Reynolds Technology - United Kingdom, Building 21, Shaftmoor Industrial Estate, 226 Shaftmoor Lane Hall Green, Birmingham B28 85P England.