S&S X-Ray Products/S&S RADX Product Literature (In PDF format)
 Download Here
Home
About Us
Our Products
Our 
Partners
S&S MedCart
Manufacturer of block cutters, compensator filters and patient immobilization products for Radiation Therapy....
About 
Us
Since its founding in 1947, S&S X-Ray Products has brought efficiency to the radiology diagnostic reading room. Having initially manufactured light boxes and darkroom equipment in collaboration with local radiologists, the company designed the first MV200A motorized viewer in the late 1960s, facilitating film reading and improving turnaround times.
In order to offer more motorized viewer models, S&S X-Ray acquired then competitor RADX Technology in 1986.  In the following years, other Par Scientific, a manufacturer or radiation therapy accessories, was added to the product mix. 
The S&S MedCart product line, previously called MMP MedCart, originated at Modern Metal Products in Greensboro, North Carolina, which once served as a manufacturing division for S&S X-Ray. In 1999, all divisions relocated to Houston, where we opened a modern 155,000 square foot manufacturing facility.
 X-Ray Technology
S&S X-Ray and S&S RADX illuminators and motorized viewers help automate film interpretation in radiology reading rooms worldwide. The sophistication of these machines extends to the user interface, as radiologists comfortable with stationary light boxes easily adapt to RADX’s horizontal belt systems and S&S X-Ray’s vertical panel and belt viewers. Most recent product offerings include the Digital Viewing Station and the Mammography Workstation. Both of these products allow radiology departments to transition easily from film to a fully digital environment, using an ergonomically designed, functional workstation. The lower section of these stations support monitors for evaluating digital images, while the upper part holds a motorized viewer or a standard x-ray illuminator for comparing newer images to earlier hard-copy images.
Markets/Customers 
S&S Technology markets its products worldwide through an independent sales organization and via dealer/distributors.
Regulatory Status 
All S&S Technology products are designed and built with the highest quality standards. Moreover, the manufacturing facility in Houston is certified to the FDA’s GMP quality standards. 
About Us
About Us
Factory Surplus Sale!
Home
Our Products
X-Ray Products
Locations
S&S Technology
© All Rights reserved by 
S&S Technology 2015