ABOUT US
We, at Sanofi, are there beside people in need, as a health journey partner
7
Healthcare solutions
Life is a health journey with its ups and downs, and its challenges. These can be big or small, lifelong or momentary.
Everyone, from children to elder people can be facing health challenges and needs, wherever they are.
Our responsibility
Every day, Sanofi’s 100,000 employees are committed to improve the lives of people around the world, with sustainable and responsible solutions and initiatives.
170
is the number of countries in which our healthcare solutions are available
100
is the number of countries in which we are located
© Sanofi 2004-2018 - All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Annual Report on Form 20-F 2017
Document de Référence 2017
Does not include Emerging Markets Sales
Including established Rx products & generics
Including Emerging Markets Sales for DCV & Speciality Care
Rest of the World : Japan, South Korea, Canada, Australia & New Zealand
As of February 2018
© Sanofi 2004-2018 - All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Creating vaccines, protecting life
A mere century ago infectious diseases were the main cause of death worldwide, even in the most developed countries.
Today, alongside clean, safe drinking water, immunization is the most successful public health intervention for combating infectious diseases and reducing global mortality rates.
The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates vaccination saves up to three million lives across the globe every year1.
As a health journey partner, we, at Sanofi, are proud that our vaccines can help to protect us and our loved ones from a wide range of severe infectious diseases, at every stage of life. Sanofi Pasteur, our vaccines global business unit, supply one billion doses to people around the world each year and seek relentlessly to extend the benefits of vaccination to new infectious diseases while improving existing vaccines to enhance health and wellbeing.
Vaccination
Simply put, a vaccine is a biological preparation that improves immunity to a particular disease.
A vaccine typically contains an agent that resembles a disease-causing microorganism. The immune response stimulated by a vaccine is vital to ensure that enough antibodies are made and that the body’s natural defenses are able to fight off any infection in the future.
Sanofi Pasteur
B-roll - Principles of vaccination
Simply put, a vaccine is a biological preparation that improves immunity to a particular disease.
Reducing the burden of influenza
Influenza (the flu) is an acute viral infection that spreads easily from person to person and circulates year-round worldwide. Influenza can lead to severe medical complications, such as pneumonia, and can aggravate underlying medical conditions, including congestive heart failure and diabetes.
The WHO estimates that influenza causes up to 650,000 deaths worldwide every year2.
Vaccination is a vital part of protecting people and communities from the heavy toll that influenza can take. We are the world’s leading supplier of vaccines against influenza and produce approximately 40 percent of influenza vaccines distributed worldwide.
In 2017 alone we provided over 200 million doses of influenza vaccine.
Each year, one in ten individuals will come across influenza on their health journey3
Protecting Babies
130 million babies need to be protected every year4.  This is an immense challenge. The progress in vaccinology has allowed the introduction of vaccines protecting against several diseases, long-time feared as scourges for communities. These new vaccines have been introduced progressively through combined vaccines for childhood vaccination. All national programs today are relying on combination vaccines.
At Sanofi, we are able to provide, through our various combination vaccines, a simple solution helping saving pain for babies, improving the coverage of national programs and simplifying the logistics of the supply chain. We provide combination vaccines for all parts of the world in-line with the local health standards. This is a continuous effort of innovation which eases the access of children to immunization, allowing them to be protected against some of most severe infectious diseases.
Getting closer to eradicating polio
Polio used to paralyze or kill thousands of children worldwide every year5. Nowadays, thanks to vaccination, we are on the verge of eradicating polio. Find out more on our commitment alongside with international organizations in the fight against polio.
© Sanofi 2004-2018 - All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.2015: a new strategic roadmap to respond to market challenges
A number of fundamental trends point to a positive outlook for the pharmaceutical industry.
The global population is growing and aging. Unmet medical needs remain high.
The industry has increased R&D productivity, and has returned to consistently launching a high number of innovative medicines.
Patients around the world, and a rising middle class in emerging markets, are demanding better care, empowered by access to new information.
It is a particularly exciting time scientifically and technologically, with the promise of genomics being realized, immuno-oncology transforming cancer treatments, big data generating new insights into disease, and digital technologies helping to transform care delivery.
At the same time, funding challenges, budget tightening and affordability will continue to put the entire Healthcare value chain under significant pressure. Even though we believe that the pharmaceutical portion will remain a fundamentally attractive business, the bar for innovation will most likely continue to rise.
Innovation must have demonstrable benefit to the system. Payers will continue to put scrutiny on prices and reimbursement and will demand demonstration of real life outcomes, coupled with more innovative pricing and contracting practices.
Biosimilars are now firmly part of the competitive landscape in both the US and Europe. More focused competitors are building leadership positions in their priority therapy areas.
To compete and win in this market, we are implementing our 2020 strategic roadmap, announced in November 2015. We have made significant progress against each of the four pillars of that strategy in 2017: reshape the portfolio, deliver outstanding launches, sustain innovation in R&D, and simplify the organization.
Reshape the portfolio
To reshape the portfolio, we segmented our businesses focusing on three targets:
Sustain our leadership in Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases, Vaccines, Rare Diseases and Emerging Markets
Build competitive positions in Multiple Sclerosis, Oncology, Immunology and Consumer Healthcare
Explore strategic options for Animal Health and European Generics: Sanofi fully exited the Animal Health business in 2017 and announced the implementation of a divestiture process of the Generics business in Europe (following completion of the dialogue with social partners).
Creating a new franchise dedicated to rare blood disorders
With the acquisition of Bioverativ, global leader on the hemophilia market, and the planned acquisition of Ablynx, a biopharmaceutical company specialized in Nanobodies®, Sanofi should expand its presence in specialty care and set up a platform that should ensure its growth in rare blood disorders.
Deliver outstanding launches
Sanofi’s second strategic priority is to deliver outstanding launches of new medicines and vaccines. We have focused the organization on six major product launches: Toujeo®, Praluent®, Dengvaxia®, Soliqua™ 100/33 / Suliqua™, Kevzara®, and Dupixent®.
Immunology
Creating a new Immunology franchise with Dupixent® and Kevzara®
In 2017 Sanofi launched Dupixent®, the first and only biologic medicine for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. Dupixent® uptake to date is being driven by high patient need, healthcare professional engagement and initial market access. Also in 2017, Sanofi launched Kevzara® for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis.
Continued innovation in R&D is at the heart of Sanofi’s strategy. We are committed to responding to patients’ needs through the provision of adapted solutions which improve well-being and prolong life.
Sanofi has continuously adapted its R&D model in recent years to enhance its development excellence, which has had the effect of significantly improving the productivity of its portfolio.
Sanofi's portfolio has been rebalanced and reoriented towards biologics, especially through our collaboration with Regeneron for monoclonal antibodies. At the same time, our teams have worked internally to develop our own proprietary platforms, such as multi-specific antibodies which will allow the design of drugs with a mechanism of action making it possible to reach several targets at once.
Sustain innovation
Sanofi hosted an analyst meeting to discuss Sanofi’s R&D strategy and development pipeline on December 13, 2017 in Paris, France. The company highlighted the progress it has made against “Sustaining Innovation”, and advancing a differentiated portfolio addressing unmet needs.
Establishing a more agile organization through a cost reduction program
Uniting the different parts of the company behind a single vision, a common set of values and a shared culture
In-depth reading
© Sanofi 2004-2018 - All rights reserved
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.