+1-877-501-3369
Get started with 1 month of free services!
management solutions to municipal, industrial, commercial, and multi-residential clients.
Proprietary analytics-based cloud software solutions for energy storage, building control, and energy management.
Advisory services such as peak energy management for small and medium size businesses.
Sales through contractors, local distribution companies, and directly.
​
A thoroughly vetted portfolio of engineers, contractors, technologies, and financial solutions allows us to cost-effectively deliver turnkey, custom-tailored energy management and retrofit packages - all optimized for the best ROI and lowest risk. The way we ensure this is through proper baselining and measuring of the client’s current energy outlook, and subsequent Monitoring and Targeting (M&T) of the Energy Conservation Measures (ECMs) post-implementation.
OUR COMPANY
​
Our Company was founded on a passion to help building owners and tenants become more sustainable in their operations. Our major focus is on optimizing the client’s energy portfolio as well as efficiency gains in other operational areas such as (but not limited to) water use.
With a positive response to our approach in Ontario, we are proud to see growing international interest in our company -- from Panama to Mexico, and United Arab Emirates to India.
OUR TEAM
John Molnar, P.Eng., LEED AP | Co-founder, Director of Engineering
A highly reputable Professional Engineer in Ontario, John is also the President of the Hamilton Chapter of ASHRAE, a LEED Accredited Professional, and a member of the Association of Energy Engineers. Before founding CoEng Advisors, John spent 10 years in design and sales of leading edge Heating, Ventilating, and Air-Conditioning / Refrigeration (HVAC/R) Systems. John’s guiding compass is ensuring that what is being done is in the best interest of the client.
Joe Molnar, BASc, MBA | Board Member
Joe is a graduate of the University of Toronto Engineering Science program and holds an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University. His company, Eastcurve Inc, helps IT leaders transform their IT strategy and operating models, and helps technology companies sell their 3.0 solutions. Prior to founding Eastcurve, Joe held executive positions at Nortel Networks, Xerox, CIBC, Bell Northern Research and the Ontario Centre for Microelectronics. He sits on the University of Toronto Engineering Science Advisory Board, and is Board Vice-chair for Pegasus, a Toronto non profit offering programs for adults with developmental disabilities.
Adam Linton | Business and Engineering Analyst
Adam is a second year Systems Design Engineering student at the University of Waterloo, and is currently working with CoEng Advisors through the co-operative education program. Having had the opportunity to work on UW campus as a research assistant for his previous co-op term, Adam has been exposed to numerous engineering-related projects through his work experience, design team involvement, coursework and side projects. Eager to learn more about real-world engineering and energy projects, Adam is striving to develop his skills and make an impact at CoEng Advisors.
Teresa Tan | Engineering and Business Analyst
Teresa is a Co-operative student from the University of Waterloo, who majors in Financial Analysis and Risk Management. With strong interests in finance and business, Teresa wined the third runner-up prize in a nation-wide business competition – SAGE. She was also the proprietor of Ether Business Club in her school. Teresa is currently assisting CoEng Advisors’ daily business activities and related researches. She is very excited to contribute her most to an environmental conscious company.
Kevin Han | Web Developer
Kevin is a Computer Engineering student from University of Waterloo and work at CoEng Advisors as a co-op. He was previously working on updating a web app and learning frontend programming. Kevin’s main job is to help the senior developer with new features and bug fixing of our new web application REA. As the first developer co-op in the company, Kevin is excited to bring his knowledge of programming to CoEng Advisors as well as gaining more experience in web development.
Greg Young | Manager of Engineering
Greg is a recent mechanical engineering grad from the University of Guelph, with a specialization in sustainable & renewable energy. Greg began his career designing custom automation machines, and made his desired transition to the energy industry in early February 2017 with CoEng Advisors. Greg now manages the day-to-day engineering operations at CoEng Advisors. Greg is a member of Association of Energy Engineers (Southern Ontario Chapter), ASHRAE Toronto, and will soon achieve his P.Eng credentials in late 2019.
STAY AHEAD OF RISING ENERGY COSTS
Electricity costs in Ontario are expected to increase by 10% year over year for the next 5 years. We’ve developed a portfolio of solutions to help reduce your risk to this market fluctuation. Regardless of whether you are a large multi-national corporation or a small business owner, we have solutions that can be implemented in very short periods of time so you can start saving on your energy costs immediately!