About Us
Sion Power is a privately owned company which began as a spin-off from Brookhaven National Laboratory in 1989 as Moltech. Since then, the company has grown attracting an impressive group of scientists, engineers, and partners who relentlessly developed the technology needed to reach the next generation of rechargeable battery technology.
Today the company consists of more than 60 employees, many of which have Ph.D.’s. This impressive group of individuals has acquired 172 patents with 152 pending. The company’s 67,000 square foot production and R&D facility include a dry room for fabrication as well as test, analytical/materials, and electronic assembly labs.
Years of research and development has yielded the Licerion® lithium metal technology which is poised to dramatically change the lithium battery landscape, delivering the highest combination of energy density and specific energy available.
Leadership
Dr. Yuriy Mikhaylik
Dr. Chariclea Scordilis-Kelley
Joseph Lamarre
Angela Kliever
Director of Marketing
Tracy Kelley was assigned Chief Executive Officer July 10, 2017 with over 17 years of battery experience in lithium based battery systems. Tracy previous served as a research scientist at Valence Technology, a developer of lithium polymer batteries for portable applications, heading their failure analysis department. Tracy holds several patents in the area of active cathode materials and battery processing. He attended the University of Alabama majoring in Chemistry and Philosophy.
Prior to joining Sion Power Britt served as Chief Executive Officer of Global Solar in Tucson, Arizona. Jeff has over 30 years’ experience in the thin-film photovoltaic (PV) industry, with a concentrated focus on Copper Indium Gallium diSelenide (CIGS). During his professional career, Jeff has held several leadership positions focusing on technology development to manufacturing, product development, and cost roadmaps.
Britt earned his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering from the University of South Florida, where he also obtained his Master of Science. Britt also holds a Bachelor of Science in Physics from the University of Florida.
Dr. Urs Schoop is Vice President of Research and Engineering and has more than 20 years of thin film process, R&D, and equipment experience.Prior to Sion Power, Dr. Schoop was Chief Technology Officer of Global Solar Energy developing commercial flexible PhotoVoltaic (PV) modules. Responsibilities included efficiency roadmap, cost reductions, product development, as well as engineering oversight for current and future production sites. Before that Dr. Schoop was with American Superconductor in Devens, MA scaling up process and equipment from the R&D stage to production for thin film superconducting wire. Since earning his Ph.D. in Applied Physics from the University of Cologne, Germany he is researching flexible thin-film devices with an emphasis on commercializing products manufactured by utilizing low-cost roll-to-roll processing.
Dr. Yuriy Mikhaylik is Technical Fellow and Senior Director of Materials Development at Sion Power. Dr. Mikhaylik has 30 years experience in research and development of lithium batteries and is a recognized expert in Li-S rechargeable battery chemistry. Dr. Mikhaylik holds over 125 U.S. and foreign patents and patent applications. Prior to joining Sion Power Mikhaylik held various management and research positions at the Ukrainian National Academy of Science, Kiev, Ukraine where he was a principal investigator on programs relating to lithium primary and rechargeable batteries for Ukrainian and Russian National Space Agency. Mikhaylik received his Masters of Science in Chemistry and Ph.D. in Electrochemistry from Moscow State University, Moscow, Russia.
Dr. Chariclea Scordilis-Kelley is Director of Analytical Chemistry with over 18 years of experience in developing lithium-based battery systems. Dr. Scordilis-Kelley previously served as Manager of Chemical Analysis at Valence Technology, a producer of lithium polymer batteries and holds numerous patents in various areas of lithium batteries and several publications in electro-analysis. She received her B.S. in Chemistry and Biology from Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina and her Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry from the University of Alabama specializing in electrochemistry. She also studied electro-analysis under Janet Osteryoung at NCSU as a Post-doctoral research associate.
Michael Laramie is Director of Engineering. An alumnus of the University of Arizona with a major in electrical engineering, Michael has over 16 years experience in the thin film coating field with a focus on the design and development of vacuum deposition systems, and specialty coating packages. His efforts in this area have taken him from Europe to Asia where he has worked with small R&D organizations, and well known production companies to satisfy their coating requirements and equipment concerns.
Robert has over 20 years of experience in intellectual property at both law firms and industry.  After having trained at law firms to draft and prosecute patent applications, he made the transition to in-house IP management at companies ranging from manufacturers of industrial PCB drilling machines to computer hardware to advanced batteries.  Robert has been with Sion Power since 2006 and has been instrumental in securing valuable patents and numerous license agreements.  He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.  Robert is a member of the Licensing Executives Society and volunteers much time and effort for the benefit of the organization.
Joseph Lamarre is Director of Finance. He has more than 35 years of experience in accounting and finance in a variety of industries including property development, medical devices and electronics. Joseph’s career responsibilities include overseeing accounting, finance, risk management, administration, acquisitions and property management.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Bentley University and a Master of Business Administration from Southern New Hampshire University.
Ms. Kliever recently joined Sion Power bringing with her more than 20 years of business-to-business marketing experience in technology industries. Previous to joining Sion Power, Ms. Kliever was with Schletter, Inc. as Director of Marketing and Communications where she established a strong brand, successfully positioning of the company to become the dominant brand in the solar mounting system industry while capturing market leadership year-over-year. Her professional career has focused entirely on technology companies including semiconductor and composites. Ms. Kliever has a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing.
Board of Directors
Board Member
Tracy Kelley
Board Member
Dr. James H. Simons is President of Renaissance Technologies Corp., a private investment firm dedicated to the use of mathematical methods. Previously he was chairman of the Mathematics Department at the State University of New York at Stony Brook. Earlier in his career he was a cryptanalyst at the Institute of Defense Analyses in Princeton, and taught mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University.
Dr. Simons holds a B.S. in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Ph.D. in mathematics from the University of California at Berkeley. His scientific research was in the area of geometry and topology. He received the American Mathematical Society Veblen Prize in Geometry in 1975 for work that involved a recasting of the subject of area minimizing multi-dimensional surfaces. A consequence was the settling of two classical questions, the Bernstein Conjecture and the Plateau Problem. Dr. Simons’ most influential research involved the discovery and application of certain measurements, now called the Chern – Simons Invarients, which have wide use, particularly in theoretical physics.
Dr. Simons is the founder and Chairman of Math for America, a nonprofit organization with a mission to significantly improve math education in our nation’s public schools. He serves as Trustee of Brookhaven National Laboratory, The Institute for Advanced Study, The Rockefeller University, and the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley. He is also a member of the Board of the MIT Corporation. Together with his wife, Marilyn, Dr. Simons manages the Simons Foundation, a charitable organization devoted to scientific research.
Leo Guthart founded Topspin in 2000. Prior to Topspin, he served as Vice Chairman of Pittway Corporation and Chief Executive Officer of its Security Group of companies, including Ademco, up until it was sold to Honeywell in 2000. After Pittway’s sale to Honeywell, he served as Chairman of the Security and Fire Solutions Group of Honeywell International. He was also Chairman of publicly-held Cylink Corporation, a leading U.S. supplier of encryption equipment that was sold to SafeNet Inc. Leo currently serves as a Director of AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR), an international producer of dispensing valves, pumps and closures for pharmaceuticals and perfumes.
Leo is a graduate of Harvard College where he received a BA degree in Physics in 1958, and of Harvard Business School where he was a George F. Baker Scholar and received both an MBA in 1960 and a Doctorate in Business Administration with a specialty in Corporate Finance in 1966.
Evelyn Berezin began working in technology in 1951 when the computer industry had just begun. She designed a wide variety of applications — banking, airline reservations, stock exchange, racetrack, and more. In 1969 she started Redactron, a company that designed, manufactured, and sold Word Processors. She served as CEO and Chairman of the Board until Redactron was sold to the Burroughs Corporation where she continued to work until 1980. Ms. Berezin then became President of Greenhouse Management Company, a firm dedicated to the development of early-stage, high-technology companies. She continues to provide consultation to small technology companies today.
Ms. Berezin received an AB in physics at NYU in 1946 and held an Atomic Energy Commission Fellowship during her work at NYU Graduate School. She is retired from the Boards of CIGNA, Koppers Co., Datapoint, Standard Microsystem Corp., Genetic Systems Inc., DNAP, DNA Plant Technology and others. She has also been on the Boards of a number of non-profit organizations mostly associated with the sciences, including the Science and Technology Foundation of the State of New York, The Boyce Thompson Institute, the Brookhaven National Laboratory and the Board of Stony Brook University. She remains on the Board of Overseers of the Faculty of Arts and Sciences of New York University. She received an honorary Doctorate from Adelphi University and Eastern Michigan University, and has received the Long Island Distinguished Leadership Award.
Mark Heising is a Managing Director of Medley Partners in Palo Alto, CA. He founded the firm in 2004. Previously he was the President of VLSI Cores, which designs and licenses cryptographic integrated circuits. Mark held various positions at Quickturn Design Systems, Cylink and Proximity Designs. Mark currently serves on the Board of Directors of C-Quest Capital and the Bipartisan Policy Center Advocacy Network. He also serves on the Advisory Board to Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Mark earned a BS in physics and a MS in electrical engineering and computer sciences from the University of California at Berkeley.
Dr. Melvin N. Miller founded NUMAR in 1983 and served as CEO and Chairman from inception through going public and subsequent sale to Halliburton for $500 million in 1997. NUMAR under Miller’s technical leadership developed the world’s first commercially successful openhole logging tool for oil and gas exploration based on Magnetic Resonance technology. Miller also founded Geometric Data and under his direction developed for clinical pathology laboratory use the world’s first Automated White Blood Cell Differential Analyzer. The system utilized proprietary pattern recognition technology. He sold the company to Glaxo SmithKline and as President directed its worldwide operation for 11 years where it achieved and maintained market leadership and profitability. He has ten US patents in applications of pattern recognition and magnetic resonance. Miller has a BME from Cornell University and a MS and a Doctorate in Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
Kenneth T. Lane is President of BASF’s Catalysts division headquartered in Iselin, New Jersey. Lane holds a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering from Clemson University and a master’s degree in management from the University of Alabama. He joined BASF in 2006.
Dr. Peter Schuhmacher is President of the BASF Process Research & Chemical Engineering. Schuhmacher studied chemistry at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Germany, and at the University of Amherst, Massachusetts. He earned his doctorate in 1995 at the University of Mainz, following a research fellowship at Scripps Research Institute in San Diego, California. Schumacher has been with BASF since 1995.
Dr. Mangino is Senior Adviser to Sion Power.  Formerly, he was Chief Executive Officer of Sion Power. Prior to joining Sion Power, Dr. Mangino served as President and CEO of NSF International, a global leader in testing, product certification, ISO-9000 registration and standards development. Under his leadership, NSF experienced a fivefold growth in revenue while broadening services provided to companies operating in 85 countries.  Earlier, Dr. Mangino held executive positions with BP America, Inc., Weirton Steel Corp., PPG industries and EniChem America, Inc. where his responsibilities included strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, quality systems management and general management of both commodity and high technology based businesses. He has extensive international experience in the areas of technology licensing and business partner development. Dr. Mangino received his B.S and Ph.D. degrees in ceramic engineering and ceramic science, respectively, from Rutgers University. He also completed the Program for Management Development at the Harvard Business School.
Tracy Kelley was assigned Chief Executive Officer July 10, 2017 with over 17 years of battery experience in lithium based battery systems. Tracy previous served as a research scientist at Valence Technology, a developer of lithium polymer batteries for portable applications, heading their failure analysis department. Tracy holds several patents in the area of active cathode materials and battery processing. He attended the University of Alabama majoring in Chemistry and Philosophy.
Career Opportunities
Sion Power is a rapidly growing company with technology that will revolutionize the rechargeable battery industry. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and exciting career opportunities.
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.