About Solarmer — Solarmer
Check out our Fall Promotional Sale with up to 30% on some of our most popular products!
Holding up a 20 meter long solar panel.
Welcome to Solarmer Energy, Inc. - a world leader in Organic and Printed Electronics. Solarmer was founded with the vision to offer renewable, affordable, and clean energy to all, especially the two billion people who do not have access to electricity. 
Solarmer is developing Organic Photovoltaic or OPV technology, targeting wearable technology, portable power, off-grid power, and building integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) markets. Solarmer will utilize its materials, devices, and roll-to-roll process technology to manufacture OPV modules with strategic partners throughout the world. Solarmer sells and provides OPV modules to product developers and system integrators who will integrate them into various products.
Solarmer and Organic Photovoltaics
WHAT IS IT?
WHY CHOOSE OPV?
First PV technology capable of generating electricity at a cost on par with conventional fuels, making it a cost-effective renewable energy source.
Easily manufactured by roll-to-roll processes.
Better performance in low light.
Can be transparent and colorful.
Greater flexibility and lower weight
THE FUTURE OF OPV
OPV IN WEARABLE TECHNOLOGY
Organic photovoltaics will always be useful in applications involving energy. They are aesthetically appealing and can easily be integrated in applications as a deployable energy generator for rural and urban sectors, military purposes, and natural disaster areas. When it comes to the Wearable Technology industry, one of the biggest challenges that the industry faces is the limited battery life that plagues most of its products. Here, at Solarmer, we are trying to address that issue. OPV will be the most sought after technology for wearables as they are light-weight, thin, beautiful, flexible, and non-toxic. OPV-powered IoT sensors will allow its users to focus on something more important rather than worrying about running out of battery. 