You’ve been in our light.
If you’ve never heard of Soraa before, there’s a good chance it has inspired you in your favorite museum, store, hotel or restaurant. Professionals choose Soraa for an unmatched quality of light, and how it helps bring atmosphere and emotion to life in the spaces they design.
- Marc Langlois, Lighting Designer, Detroit Institute of Arts
The quality of light matters.
Soraa pioneered full spectrum color rendering LED light, the heart of which is our proprietary LED technology manufactured in California, a technological breakthrough that we further enhance by focusing on every aspect of producing the most natural light possible.
Full Spectrum Color
Soraa Natural White™
An expanding portfolio of products.
We began our heritage for high quality light with a line of lamps in 2013 to establish our reputation for full spectrum light. Our expanded product offerings bring superior light to all spaces.
A commitment to research.
We support and conduct research to develop insights and expertise to deliver breakthrough products. We are conscious and curious of how light impacts your well-being, productivity and emotion, and of how to make light look and feel better.
Quality of Light
A heritage of invention and innovation.
Our founder Shuji Nakamura, Nobel Prize winner and the father of modern day LED lighting, wanted to create a light source that would match the characteristics of our most natural illumination: the sun. It is why the company is called SORAA, which means “sky” in kanji.
It was an ambitious endeavor that would take years of invention and effort, a mission we continue today with the passion to innovate products that move the technology of lighting forward to improve lives and lifestyles.
Rafael Aldaz
-->
By clicking "Continue" or continuing to use our site, you acknowledge that you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. We also use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. You can find out more about the cookies we use and learn how to manage them here. Feel free to check out our policies anytime for more information.
Continueclear
SORAA PRO
PRODUCTS
Lamps
Directional Luminaires
Ambient Luminaires
Snap System
Light Engines
TECHNOLOGY
Color and White
PROJECTS
Museum / Gallery
Hospitality / Hotel
Restaurant
Residential / Historical
Retail / Commercial
WHERE TO BUY
Agents
Distributors 
Showrooms
Online Retailers
The bold new trajectory of directional lighting
MORE >
Quickship Products are ready to ship within 48 hours after your order is placed.
MORE >
SORAA HOME
RADIANT
HEALTHY
SHOP
PROJECTS
Museum /
Gallery
Hospitality /
Hotel
Restaurant
Residential /
Historical
Retail /
Commercial
LEARN
Beautiful
Healthy
Technology
Science
View All
clear
SORAA PRO
SORAA HOME
PROJECTS
LEARN
Lighting history museum
Technology
Lighting Revives 2 Million Years of History
August 2017 - by Soraa
I like this
Western Australian Museum
 in Perth, Western Australia.
Exhibit – A History of the World in 100 Objects, a collection of the British Museum.
From the earliest tools made of humble stone to colorful Javanese shadow puppets, the objects in the exhibit provide an unwritten insight into human cultures across time, from two million years ago to the present. The challenge was to find the right lighting to accurately render colors and whiteness while meeting specific lighting guidelines to keep artefacts safe.
To meet these guidelines, Soraa’s Australian partners, 
Lighting Options Australia
, and lighting designers at Illuminated Design installed Soraa lamps throughout the exhibit after rigorous tests and evaluations of several brands. Utilizing every color in the rainbow, especially deep red emission, Soraa’s lamps render warm tones beautifully and accurately, and achieve a color-rendering index (CRI) of 95 and deep red (R9) rendering of 95. And unlike blue-based white LEDs without any violet emission, the company’s lamps have violet emissions to properly excite fluorescing brightening agents, including natural objects and white materials, such as textiles and paper. Plus, with no UV and IR radiation, low heat output and the ability to dim to specified light levels the precious objects were protected.
“This is one of the best known exhibits on loan to the museum. Soraa’s Vivid™ lamps and accompanying 
Soraa Snap System™
 provided the flexibility needed with this exhibition to protect these rare artifacts and illuminate them perfectly,” said Ben Conick, Lighting Options Australia. “Soraa delivered the rights options and simply the best lighting for this project.”
“Soraa’s VIVID lamps are excellent, with great color rendering, color temperature, beam angles and additional lenses to change the distribution. The magnetic Soraa Snap system is quite impressive,” said Frederika Perey of Illuminated Design. “They are easy to apply, allowing me the flexibility to change the approach during the focusing process. This is critical when lighting exhibits, such as the History of the World in 100 Objects exhibition.”
Soraa’s SNAP System allowed for distinct beam spreads and CTO filters gave the Museum the options needed to properly illuminate the exhibit. The 
SNAP SYSTEM
 is the first magnetic attachment accessory system for LED lighting. Due to its bright, single LED light source and breakthrough prismatic optic, the company’s lamps can accept a magnet in the center of the lens without any effect on light output. The system allows users to customize light directly on MR/PAR/AR111 lamps and light engines, rather than on fixtures, transforming the user experience and the economics of accessorizing lighting designs.
Photo credit: Matt Devlin Photography 
Related Products
More Technology Articles
The Streetlight of the Future
Technology
Is Technology Making Us More Paranoid?
Technology
Is Emerging Technology Changing the Way We Learn...
Technology
How Will the Communications Platform of the Futu...
Technology
Search all Articles
Stay connected with Soraa
Sign Up
Soraa Pro
Lamps
Luminaires
Snap System
Light Engines
Resources
Quick Ship
Distributors
Sales Agents
Showrooms
Online Retailers 
Customer Login
Soraa Home
Shop Soraa Home
Order Status
Returns
Shipping Policy
Warranty
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Soraa Home
Soraa Home FAQs
Company
About Soraa
Media & Events
Contact Soraa
Careers
Patents
Legal
FAQs
Terms of Use
 and 
Privacy