ABOUT SPICE SOLAR
With over 35 years of rooftop solar experience, we took a holistic view of how solar modules should be installed and created a complete integrated solar mounting solution. To build a better mounting system, rather than designing mounting components that attach to standard panels, we focused on the solar panel manufacturing process. By redesigning the solar panels to incorporate Built-in Racking, higher load capacities can be achieved — while at the same time reducing costs and supporting installations in all wind and snow zones, in all orientations roof types, using industry-standard roof mounts, flashings and tile hooks. Now in its 3rd generation, the Spice Solar solution has proven to reduce design, equipment and labor costs on every job.
SPICE SOLAR MISSION
Spice Solar designs the industry leading, cost effective integrated solar mounting solution that simplify rooftop solar design and installation, making it easier, faster and less expensive to implement solar power technology around the world.
SPICE SOLAR TEAM
Barry Cinnamon, CEO
A long-time advocate of solar power and a widely recognized solar power expert, Mr. Cinnamon started his career in solar energy in the late 1970’s as a researcher into new flat plate and concentrating collector designs. In 2001 he founded Akeena Solar—which grew to become the largest national residential solar installer by the middle of the decade. He partnered with Westinghouse to create Westinghouse Solar in 2010, and merged the company with CBD Energy in 2012. His pioneering work on reducing costs of rooftop solar power systems led to over 30 issued or applied-for patents, including products that transformed the solar industry: Andalay, the first integrated solar mounting solution; the first UL listed AC solar panel; and the first fully “plug and play” AC solar panel. His work to reduce rooftop solar soft costs have continued at Spice Solar, where his team developed and patented the next generation of low cost solar modules with Built-in Racking.
Christy Nguyen Cinnamon, Managing Director
Christy Nguyen Cinnamon serves as Managing Director of Spice Solar, focusing on the financial and international trade aspects of the firm. Previously she held various accounting positions in the Bay area, most recently as Senior Accountant for a San Francisco based private equity firm. Christy holds a bachelors degree in Business Administration, with a concentration in Accounting from San Francisco State University.
Gary Mull, Vice President of Marketing
Gary Mull has over twenty-five years of experience in the design, development, sales and marketing of technology based solutions for consumer and commercial markets. Previously, Gary served as CEO of Solar Exchange, and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Westinghouse Solar, where he helped introduce the industry’s first integrated solar mounting solution. Prior to Westinghouse, Mr. Mull held senior leadership positions in sales and marketing roles with Emptoris/IBM, Siebel Systems/Oracle, OnLink Technologies and Software Publishing Corporation. Gary holds a Bachelors degree from San Francisco State University.
Scott Oswald, Partner Sales
Scott has been selling rooftop solar systems to homeowners in California since 2012. His familiarity with solar modules, racking, inverters and wiring — along with the most cost effective sales and installation techniques — has helped him guide the growing network of Spice Solar dealers. Previously, Scott worked in the Semiconductor industry for a capital equipment supplier, and served in the Army as a member of an elite team of highly trained service members with both mechanical and electrical troubleshooting skills. Scott graduated from DeVry Institute of Technology with a degree in Electrical Engineering.
ADVISORS
Jeff Wolfe, Senior Advisor
Jeff Wolfe has held senior roles in renewable energy strategy development and execution broadly across the sector. Previous positions include SVP of Strategy at Just Energy Group, a multinational electricity retailer, where he was also President of Just Energy Solar and TerraPass. Prior to Just Energy, Jeff consulted on business, products, micro-grids, storage, and PV development for major US utilities, technology startups, and African solar developers. Previously, Jeff founded groSolar, a nationwide solar energy installation company, where he remained as Chairman until its sale in 2016 to an international energy company. For over a decade, Jeff has held various positions as a board member of the Solar Energy Industries Association ( SEIA.org ). He also serves on the Union of Concerned Scientists National Advisory Board ( UCSUSA.org ). Prior to groSolar, Jeff was a Partner in a national engineering firm, providing services for over $1 Billion of construction. He designed cogeneration, industrial process, laboratory (international award winning), healthcare, academic, and commercial facilities. He has a BSME from Cornell University and is a Registered Professional Engineer.
Chris Earl, Advisor
Over the past decade, Mr. Earl has been developing and implementing strategic marketing and sales efforts, and bringing numerous products and services to market across the solar industry. He was constructive in the rapid growth of residential and commercial business segments with Akeena Solar, generating demand and driving conversions in leading national markets. Mr. Earl was also pivotal in launching Andalay Solar and Westinghouse Solar nationally and internationally through the execution of multi-channel campaigns across consumer, business and certified dealer audiences. As the first graduate from the Institute of Sustainable Development at California State University Chico, Mr. Earl has a unique educational blend between the colleges of business and sciences. He received a BS in business, majoring in entrepreneurship with focuses in marketing, international business and sustainability.
Campbell, CA 95008