This website uses cookies. Some of them are essentials while others help us improve your user experience. Depending on your preferences, we will also use cookies for analytical purposes and to offer you personalised content and relevant advertising.
You can find out more about cookies and how we use them in our Cookie Policy
Change your cookie settings
You can set your cookie settings by clicking below.
Essential
Preferences
Analytics
Marketing
The renewable materials company, Stora Enso develops and produces solutions based on wood and biomass for a range of industries and applications worldwide.
Building on our heritage and know-how in forestry and trees, Stora Enso is committed to the development of products and technologies based on renewable materials and creating value in a sustainable bioeconomy. Our products, in many cases, provide a low-carbon alternative to many products made from fossil-based or other non-renewable materials.
Today our solutions are found in such segments as building, retail, food and beverages, manufacturing, publishing, pharmaceutical, cosmetics, confectionary, hygiene and textiles. Tomorrow, we believe there is the potential to produce anything that’s made with fossil-based materials from a tree.
Our responsibility
Respect and responsibility for nature and the communities where we operate underpin our approach in every aspect. We work to ensure that forests and plantations are sustainably managed and that every effort is made to ensure more trees are grown than harvested. Inside and out, we are constantly looking for ways to improve processes, save energy and use raw material as efficiently as possible.
The Stora Enso group has some 26 000 employees in more than 30 countries, and is publicly listed on the Helsinki and Stockholm stock exchanges. Our sales in 2017 were EUR 10 billion, with an operational EBIT of EUR 1004 million.
Find out more
Subject
Message
Stora Enso processes personal information responsibly. For more information, please review our Privacy Notice. Privacy notice page link
I agree, that Stora Enso may collect and store my personal data to be used for providing me with an answer to my question or feed-back. I am aware that I may withdraw my consent by contacting Stora Enso as stated in the Privacy Notice.
Submit