Made for every business.
Our 3D expertise has helped scores of companies embrace the future and advance their business with our innovative solutions. See some of our successful partnerships in action.
Visions made real.
We love hearing success stories. Here, Prefix reveal how they achieved maximum efficiency from their 3D printer to serve the automotive, aircraft, and medical industries.
Made from experience.
Thanks to Stratasys, engineers at United Launch Alliance can now go from idea to hardware in the blink of an eye. Here’s how we get huge cost savings on their launch pad too.
Every challenge is different, but we can help you find the right solution. Here’s how 3D printing enabled one medical team to tackle a complex problem and help a little girl.
There’s a reason Stratasys is a world leader.
For over 30 years we’ve been pioneering 3D Printing technology, solving problems, questioning, inventing and reinventing. Continually asking, “How can we help our customers turn a great idea into a great success?”
It’s what drives us. Because we want you to succeed.
Making it easier, faster, better, cheaper than ever before to do the things you always wanted to, but never thought you could.
We provide the best products, services and support great thinking deserves. Giving your ideas the best possible chance of making it.
Make it better. Make it with Stratasys.
Cost Savings
By using Stratasys 3D printing technology, Axon enjoyed a huge reduction in time and tooling costs.
30 Years
A Trusted Partner
Since 1988, Stratasys has worked closely with thousands of companies around the world, helping them develop perfect 3D printing solutions.
“We are consistently modifying and improving our Formula 1 car designs, so the ability to test new designs quickly is critical.”
Neil Oatley , Design and Development Director, McLaren Racing Limited
Recycling and Returns Program
Return your used cartridges, canisters, spools, print engines and containers. It is easy being green.
We believe in the value and power of 3D printing solutions. And the market agrees.
Careers
Stratasys is changing the world for the better. Become a catalyst of that change.
Go Now