Sumitomo Rubber Industries (SRI), with corporate headquarters located in Kobe, Japan, is a global manufacturer of rubber products, including medical devices, sporting goods, industrial rubber, and tires.
With a rich history dating back to 1909, SRI has been manufacturing tires and other rubber products for over 100 years.  With manufacturing operations in over twenty locations throughout the world, including Japan, Brazil, and South America, SRI is dedicated to providing world class value to its customers, its people, and to the communities in which it operations.  SRI will continue this tradition with the transition of the former Goodyear Dunlop Tires facility, located in Tonawanda, NY, to Sumitomo Rubber USA, LLC (SRUSA), as SRI’s North American headquarters for manufacturing and research and development.
Located alongside the Niagara River in Tonawanda, NY SRUSA’s vast 2 million square foot manufacturing facility has a long and proud history in Western, NY dating back to 1920. The transition in October 2015 to SRUSA has brought exciting prospects to the entire SRI family, as well as the local community. SRUSA’s initial 1,200 employee workforce has grown to nearly 1,300 and counting in less than two years. With over $87 million in planned investments over the next few years, SRUSA’s facility will see drastic increases in its capacity by adding 5,000 tires per day to the production count to serve the North American tire market.
 Fast Facts about SRUSA:
The North American headquarters for research and development and manufacturing
Manufacturer of passenger, motorcycle, truck, and bus tires for many large, well-known vehicle manufacturers
The only manufacturer of motorcycle tires in North America
SRUSA brands include Falken tires and Dunlop motorcycle tires
SRUSA’s state-of-the-art, 68-acre test track, located in Huntsville, Alabama, tests motorcycle and four-wheel tires in real life conditions, including motorcycle tires in development for racingThe “SRI Way” is one of social responsibility, integrity, reliability, and innovation. SRI strives to push the boundaries of its business and capabilities, while always keeping in mind its much larger role in contributing positively to its people and communities.
At SRUSA, our mission is to become the most reliable tire manufacturer in the USA.  SRUSA will accomplish this by continued focus on our customers, striving for continuous improvement, and exhibiting the highest commitment to safety, communication, and team work. Focusing on these core values will enable SRUSA to achieve its plans for growth at the Tonawanda facility and in North America, the rewards from which SRUSA plans to share with its people and the surrounding community.
At SRUSA, we believe in hard work and recognize that it is our people that make a difference in our business. As the SRUSA facility expands, and SRUSA faces the many challenges that accompany this, the dedication and hard work from our employees, which comes from pride in our history and what we do, will continue to drive SRUSA toward meeting its objectives as it has throughout the changes and challenges already faced over the past 100 years. This means embracing the diversity of our workforce as an international company and sharing ideas across the globe.First Falken Tire
On January 14th, 2016, SRUSA in Tonawanda made its first Falken tire.
2016
100% Ownership
On October 1st, 2015; through its dissolution of a joint venture with another major tire manufacturer, SRI regained 100% ownership of the Tonawanda facility.
2015
25% Ownership
SRI entered into a joint venture with another major tire manufacturer, whereby SRI owned 25% of the Tonawanda facility, and the other manufacturer owned 75%.
1999
Sumitomo Rubber
Sumitomo Rubber became majority owner of the Tonawanda facility for the first time, maintaining the Dunlop USA name.
1986
Sold to British Holding Company
In the early 1980’s Dunlop USA was sold to British Holding Company, BTR
1980
The Early Years
In its initial years, the Tonawanda facility produced ammunition for the US military. Today, the facility’s layout is reminiscent of its design and growth during a period of international turbulence, war, and the threat of bombings.
1923
Ground Breaking
Ground is broken in Tonawanda, NY for what would become Dunlop’s first manufacturing facility in the United States.
1920