Our History
December 2015 I Sundrop Fuels begins commissioning and operation of its Integrated BioReforming Demonstration Facility (IBDF) at the company’s headquarters in Longmont, Colorado.
March 2015 I Sundrop Fuels receives approval for Part 1 of its application for a US Department of Energy (DOE) loan guarantee.  If ultimately approved the guarantee will provide financing to build the company’s first commercial plant, located near Alexandria, Louisiana.  Once completed and full operational, the Sundrop Fuels facility will represent the single largest bio-gasoline production plant in the world.
January 2015 I Sundrop Fuels begins expansion of its advanced R&D laboratory and simulation facility at its Longmont, Colorado headquarters, including a new fully integrated pilot plant system. The facility is capable of testing a wide variety of feedstocks from around the world.
August 2014 I Sundrop Fuels begins testing of its high-temperature BioReforming Reactor at its newly constructed testing facilities at the Energy and Environmental Resource Center (EERC) in North Dakota.  
April 2014 I Sundrop Fuels expands plans to build biofuels plants globally, with focus on Asia and North America. Perry Smith joins the company as SVP and Managing Director for the Asia Pacific, bringing 40 years of senior-level experience with multinational Asian corporations.
March 2014 | Sundrop Fuels President and CEO Dr. Wayne Simmons is re-elected as Board Chairman of the Advanced Biofuels Association (ABFA), an influential industry coalition working to advance America’s transformation to a low-carbon economy.
June 2013 |Sundrop Fuels begins engineering of a new process unit for large-scale demonstration of its high-temperature BioReforming Reactor at the Energy and Enviromental Resource Center(EERC) in North Dakota.
March 2013 | Sundrop Fuels President and CEO, Dr. Wayne Simmons is named Board Chairman of the Advanced Biofuels Association (ABFA).  
February 2013 | Sundrop Fuels acquires 1,213 acres off Interstate 49 northwest of Alexandria in Boyce, Louisiana for the company’s inaugural facility.  When operational, the plant will produce 15,000 barrels per day, marking the first phase in Sundrop Fuels’ path toward becoming a large-scale provider of renewable, drop-in biogasoline.
December 2012 | Sundrop Fuels purchases the 27.5-acre property, formerly known as “Cowboy Town,” adjacent to its future Louisiana biogasoline production facility, which will be used for the company’s regional headquarters, a new research laboratory and a biomass feedstock warehouse facility.
June 2012 | Sundrop Fuels announces a licensing agreement to use ExxonMobil Research and Engineering Company’s Methanol to Gasoline (MTG) technology.
November 2011 | Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal joins Sundrop Fuels in announcing the selection of a site near Alexandria, Louisiana for the company’s first planned production facility.
July 2011 | Sundrop Fuels announces a $155 million strategic investment by Chesapeake Energy Company and an additional $20 million investment from Oak Investment Partners.
September 2009 | Sundrop Fuels begins operation of its first large-scale pilot plant, processing up to 1 ton of biomass per day.
June 2008 | Sundrop Fuels acquires Copernican Energy, Inc., a University of Colorado technology transfer spinoff.
About Sundrop Fuels
Privately-held Sundrop Fuels is a globally-focused bio-based fuel and chemicals company, with headquarters in Longmont, Colorado.  The company is building what will be the world’s single-largest biogasoline production facility, located near Alexandria, Louisiana. 
Sundrop Fuels’ inaugural plant will incorporate its proprietary high-temperature Sundrop BioReforming Reactor system, which transforms cellulosic biomass from almost any type of plant material into affordable, renewable fuels for immediate use in today’s automobiles, diesel engines and aircraft. The technology is also well-suited for the production of bio-based chemicals, from biomass alone and with natural gas or other carbon feedstocks.
In a world where it is increasingly critical to combine fuel supply security, economic stability and environmental stewardship, Sundrop Fuels provides an elegant and commercially viable solution that is as timely as it is innovative.
Formed in 2008, Sundrop Fuels is backed by its strategic partner, Chesapeake Energy Corp., and by two of the world’s premier venture capital groups, Oak Investment Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. 
The company has assembled a committed team of industry leaders with proven, experienced senior executives and engineers from Exxon, Sasol, Eastman Chemicals, ConocoPhillips, Sonoco and many other of the world’s leading energy and technology companies.
Incorporating its unique facility design, Sundrop Fuels’ first “greenfield” biorefinery in Lousiana will produce more than 225 million gallons (more than 675,000 tonnes) of 87-octane biogasoline.
Future full-scale biorefineries will also annually produce more than 200 million gallons (more than 600,000 tonnes) of fuel that is fully compatible with fuel industry quality standards and available at an unsubsidized cost of about $2 per gallon (~$0.53 per liter). For emerging global markets, the scalability of the Sundrop Fuels process allows for smaller, efficient facilities as required to match local feedstock conditions.
As importantly, the Sundrop Fuels biofuels production path significantly reduces greenhouse gas emissions as compared to conventional petroleum processes.
Every gallon of Sundrop Fuels drop-in cellulosic advanced biofuel – or biogasoline – has been produced with at least 60% less life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions as compared to petroleum fuel.  As such, the biogasoline will generate RIN credits under the U.S. Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). Internationally, this also enables Sundrop Fuels to comply with important local clean energy and fuel standards.
In Your Email
Enter your email address to receive announcements and news from Sundrop Fuels:
Subscribe