Our Vision
We power lives with sunshine. By designing beautiful home solar systems and providing flexible financing plans, we enable people to generate their own energy and save money.
Sunshine improves the environment by tons
When you decide to power your life with sunshine, it can be a bit hard to fathom the actual difference you make for the environment. So we put some numbers to it. The solar energy generated by an average 6 kW Sungevity Energy System over 20 years is estimated to offset about 118 metric tons of CO2.* That’s equivalent to:
63
282,500
Tree seedlings absorbing CO2 for 10 years
Now, imagine an entire network of customers making the same difference.
Find out what you could save
Let's Go
System size, cost, and availability vary according to location, electricity usage, and utility company. A 6.5 kilowatt system lease starts at $65-155 per month with an annual increase of 0-2.9% each year for 20 years on approved credit. Payment terms vary by location and are not available in all areas. Zero due at lease signing. No security deposit required. Sungevity is not a lender. All loan terms are determined and subject to approval by third party lenders. MA HIC 168430.
© 2017 SungevityCustom
Quality
We source materials from the top companies in the world.
Flexibility
As your life evolves, your system can evolve with you.
Reliability
A system designed around the way you live
We don’t limit you to what one manufacturer wants you to have. Instead, we look at your life, your house and how you use energy. Then we custom-design Sungevity Energy System options that meet your specific energy needs, and help you choose the best one for your life.
You get advanced solar technology
We source solar technology from the world’s top companies, ensuring you have high-quality panels and low-impact mounting hardware. Then a top local solar installation professional will ensure your system is installed to the highest standards.
Flexibility for the future
Over the 20-year life of your system, your own life is likely to evolve. Your Sungevity Energy System is designed to evolve with you. Our solar systems can accommodate multiple storage options and other functionality like an EV charger when the time is right.*
Watch your system perform in real-time
Intelligence is built into your Sungevity Energy System. Online or on your phone, you can view information like power generation in real-time. And your system is guaranteed to perform as promised for 20 years.
A window into savings
You also get transparency into your ongoing savings, with on-demand solar savings reports.** These reports allow you to track your savings over the life of your agreement.
Let's Go
System size, cost, and availability vary according to location, electricity usage, and utility company. A 6.5 kilowatt system lease starts at $65-155 per month with an annual increase of 0-2.9% each year for 20 years on approved credit. Payment terms vary by location and are not available in all areas. Zero due at lease signing. No security deposit required. Sungevity is not a lender. All loan terms are determined and subject to approval by third party lenders. MA HIC 168430.
*Currently available for California customers with purchased solar systems only.