Synthetic Genomics is a San Diego biotechnology company harnessing the power of living cells — nature’s most efficient machines — to create transformative medicines and bio-based products. Our teams of data and biological engineers have developed the leading set of synthetic biology capabilities, tools, and intellectual property to design and build biological systems.
Synthetic Genomics was founded in 2005 by genomics pioneers J. Craig Venter, Ph.D., and Nobel Laureate Hamilton O. Smith, M.D., shortly after the completion of the Human Genome Project, which for the first time mapped the DNA sequence of the human genome.
Today, we are on the front line of the next great genomics revolution. By utilizing rapid advances in DNA sequencing, computing, and bioinformatics — together with our foundational intellectual property and proprietary DNA synthesis technologies — Synthetic Genomics is partnering with industry-leading companies to reprogram cells for the next-generation of medicines and bio-based products.
Our lead R&D programs focus on self-amplifying RNA for vaccines and therapeutics and novel cell factories for discovery and biomanufacturing. Many of our innovations already are taking shape through our partnerships with industry-leading companies.
DNA synthesis products and services, including the world’s first DNA printer, are offered through our subsidiary, SGI-DNA .
We are biologists and engineers who build bioproducts from DNA. We take DNA apart and put it back together to understand how it works. We can edit and program DNA, just like coders program a computer. But our “apps” are very different.
Technology
At Synthetic Genomics, we think of a genome as the operating system of life, with cells containing the hardware to “boot up” the genome. To reprogram cells for added or improved function, data is our blueprint. Every product, solution, and innovation we create starts with data.
We have sequenced and annotated thousands of genomes of different organisms from around the globe. Using our integrated technology platform, including our proprietary Archetype ® genomic sequence annotation platform, we analyze and visualize complex datasets — distilling specific genomic information and phenotypic predictions into actionable information. This advanced genomics and cell-engineering approach, combined with a tool chest of genome design and synthetic biology tools, creates the SGI inside.
Characteristics and functions of all biological entities, including viruses and living cells, are written into the code of DNA. These entities can be reconstructed if we can read and write the sequence of their DNA code. Our proprietary tools and capabilities enable us to engineer nearly any type of cell or design and build synthetic genes and pathways.
Synthetic Genomics continues to build on its legacy of scientific firsts
Synthetic Genomics founded by J. Craig Venter, Ph.D., and Nobel Laureate Hamilton O. Smith, M.D. Using reprogrammed cells as bio-factories, founders sought to provide transformative new products across industries.
First Genome Transplanted
First bacterial genome transplantation. As a key proof of principle in synthetic biology, the project was an important step towards realizing the ultimate goal of creating a synthetic organism that can solve global health and sustainability challenges.
First Bacterial Genome Synthesized
Created the largest man-made DNA structure. This synthetic genome was regarded as a striking technical accomplishment and formed the groundwork of Synthetic Genomics’ synthetic biology platform.
Isothermal DNA Assembly
This assembly method, first published in Nature Methods , can be used to seamlessly construct synthetic and natural genes, genetic pathways, and entire genomes, and could be a useful molecular engineering tool.
First Synthetic Cell Created
Developed the first self-replicating synthetic cell, a bacterial cell that was designed in the computer and brought to life through chemical synthesis, without using any pieces of natural DNA. This enables the development of many important cell-based applications including vaccines, pharmaceuticals, biofuels, and food products.
Synthetic Flu Vaccine
Responding to a global health threat posed by the H7N9 bird flu, Synthetic Genomics developed a synthetic approach that rapidly generated a vaccine seed from downloadable sequence data.
Automated DNA, RNA, and Protein Production
Synthetic Genomics’ BioXp System releases its cloning module. This new capability automates and expedites DNA cloning, a procedure used in nearly every academic and commercial molecular biology laboratory worldwide.
Engineered Phage
Developed “supercharged” phages, a type of virus, to combat antibiotic-resistant strains of Pseudomonas, a bug that causes skin infections, sepsis, and potentially-fatal pneumonia.
First Minimal Cell
Built the first minimal synthetic bacterial cell. This is the smallest genome of any organism that can be grown in laboratory media. This feat leads to new tools and semi-automated processes for whole genome synthesis, aiding in more efficient development of biologic drugs.
Leadership