I Accept We use cookies to improve your user experience and for web traffic statistics purposes. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Our Privacy & Cookies Policy contains more information on such use and explains how to disable cookies.
Values and Business Philosophy
Integrity
Integrity is our most basic and most important core value. We tell the truth. We believe that the record of our accomplishments is the best proof of our merit. Hence, we do not brag. We do not make commitments lightly. Once we make a commitment, we devote ourselves completely to meeting that commitment. We compete to our fullest within the law, but we do not slander our competitors and we respect the intellectual property rights of others. With vendors, we maintain an objective, consistent, and impartial attitude. We do not tolerate any form of corrupt behavior or politicking. When selecting new employees, we place emphasis on the candidates' qualifications and character, not connections or access.
Commitment
TSMC is committed to the welfare of customers, suppliers, employees, shareholders, and society. These stakeholders all contribute to TSMC's success, and TSMC is dedicated to serving their best interests. In return, TSMC hopes all these stakeholders will make a mutual commitment to the Company.
Innovation
Innovation is the wellspring of TSMC's growth, and is a part of all aspects of our business, from strategic planning, marketing and management, to technology and manufacturing. At TSMC, innovation means more than new ideas, it means putting ideas into practice.
Customer Trust
At TSMC, customers come first. Their success is our success, and we value their ability to compete as we value our own. We strive to build deep and enduring relationships with our customers, who trust and rely on us to be part of their success over the long term.
Business Philosophy
We tell the truth
We believe that the record of our achievements is the best proof of our merit. Hence, we do not brag or boast.
We do not make commitments lightly. Therefore, once we make a commitment, we devote ourselves completely to meeting that commitment.
With competitors, we compete to our fullest within the limits of the law, but we do not slander them in order to gain benefit for ourselves. We also respect intellectual property rights of others.
With vendors, we maintain an objective, consistent, and impartial attitude.
We do not tolerate any form of corrupt behavior or politicking. At TSMC, company politics are forbidden. When selecting new employees, we place emphasis on the candidates' qualifications and character, not connections or "guan-xi"
2.
We must focus on our business at all times, which is dedicated IC foundry, and not distract ourselves with other pursuits.
3.
Globalization
Our target is and always has been the global market. We do not limit ourselves to Taiwan or any other specific geographical region. We recognize that the semiconductor business has no national boundaries, and that to be competitive anywhere we must be competitive worldwide.
4.
An enterprise whose success endures is much like a successful marathon runner, whose skills and objectives are quite different from a short-distance sprinter. We truly believe that a person or company that does not plan carefully for the future will soon have problems in the present. We are confident that if we do a good job of long term planning and execution, we will greatly reduce the need for crisis management.
5.
Since the company was founded, we have treated our customers as partners and have never competed against them. This policy is the key to our current success and will be crucial to our continued growth. At TSMC, customers come first. Their success is our success, and we value their ability to compete as we value our own.
6.
Every TSMC employee is responsible for providing the highest quality  service. To achieve this, each person continuously evaluates and improves the  quality of his or her own work. Our greatest goal is to achieve and maintain complete  customer satisfaction.
7.
Innovation is the wellspring of TSMC's growth. It is vital to all sectors of our business, from strategic planning to marketing to management to technology and production.
8.
For most people who work at TSMC, participating in a challenging and enjoyable work environment full of opportunities to learn new skills is even more important than monetary rewards. To retain talented people who share our goals and interests, we work hard to foster a dynamic and enjoyable work environment.
9.
TSMC has implemented an open-style management system designed to keep all lines of communication open. Employees openly cooperate with one another, while treating each other with honesty and sincerity. Everyone welcomes constructive criticism and is willing to seek improvement. This management style allows all opinions to be expressed before a final decision is made. Once a decision is made, everyone works together to achieve the set goal.
10.
Employees and shareholders are both important constituents of our company. Our goal is to provide salary and benefits packages for employees that are above the industry average. TSMC also aims to earn a return on investment for shareholders above the industry average. We clearly understand that the success of our company depends greatly on the well-being of society and the environment where the company is established. Therefore, it is essential that we give back to society, consistently within our means, and serve as a model corporate citizen.I Accept We use cookies to improve your user experience and for web traffic statistics purposes. By continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies. Our Privacy & Cookies Policy contains more information on such use and explains how to disable cookies.
Vision and Mission
Vision
Our vision is to be the most advanced and largest technology and foundry services provider to fabless companies and IDMs, and in partnership with them, to forge a powerful competitive force in the semiconductor industry.
To realize our vision, we must have the following strengths:
1. be a technology leader, competitive with the leading IDMs
2. be the manufacturing leader
3. be the most reputable, service-oriented and maximum-total-benefits silicon foundry
Mission
Our mission is to be the trusted technology and capacity provider of the global logic IC industry for years to come.TSMC-Online™
  |  
Site Map
  |  
English
繁中
簡中
日本語
Dedicated IC Foundry
Investors
Press Center
Careers
Corporate Social Responsibility
About TSMC
Technology
Manufacturing
Services
Open Innovation Platform®
Grand Alliance
Press Releases
News Archives
Events
Photo Gallery
Document Center
Executives
Financials
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance
Shareholder Services
Financial Calendar
FAQ
Why TSMC
Find Your Fit
Join TSMC
Vision and Mission
Values and Business Philosophy
Company Profile
Quality Policy
Business Contacts
Fab Locations
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation
Contact Us
Home
 > 
About TSMC
 > Company Profile
Company Profile
Vision and Mission
Values and Business Philosophy
Company Profile
Organization
Executives
Board of Directors
Business Conduct
Quality  Policy
Business Contacts
Fab Locations
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation
Contact Us
Established in 1987 and headquartered in Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan, TSMC pioneered the pure-play foundry business model by focusing solely on manufacturing customers’ products. By choosing not to design, manufacture or market any semiconductor products under its own name, the Company ensures that it never competes directly with its customers. Today, TSMC is the world’s largest semiconductor foundry, manufacturing 9,920 different products using 258 distinct technologies for 465 different customers in 2017. 

                            With a large and diverse global customer base, TSMC-manufactured semiconductors are used in a wide variety of applications covering many segments of the computer, communications, consumer, industrial and standard semiconductor markets. Strong diversification helps to smooth fluctuations in demand, which, in turn, helps TSMC maintain higher levels of capacity utilization and profitability. 

                            Annual capacity of the manufacturing facilities managed by TSMC and its subsidiaries exceeded 11 million 12-inch equivalent wafers in 2017. These facilities include three 12-inch wafer GIGAFAB® fabs, four 8-inch wafer fabs, and one 6-inch wafer fab in Taiwan, as well as one 12-inch wafer fab at a wholly owned subsidiary: TSMC Nanjing Company Limited, and two 8-inch wafer fabs at wholly owned subsidiaries: WaferTech in the United States and TSMC China Company Limited. In 2016, TSMC Nanjing Company Limited was established, managing a 12-inch wafer fab and a design service center. 

                            TSMC provides customer service through its account management and engineering services offices in North America, Europe, Japan, China, and South Korea. At the end of 2017, the Company employed more than 48,000 people. 

                            The Company is listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (TWSE) under ticker number 2330, and its American Depositary Shares (ADSs) are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol TSM.
Organization
Organization...
Executives
The TSMC management team profiles...
Board of Directors
TSMC's Board of Directors consists of nine members. Their careers span a wide breadth of technology...
Business Conduct
TSMC is committed to act ethically in all aspects of our business, and will not condone any form of corruption...
(2018/12/10)
(2018/12/06)
Company Profile
Corporate Governance
Financial Results
Hot Jobs
Business Contacts
Online information and transaction for our customers.
The web-based portal for smarter supplier interactions.
Find more information about TSMC.
Home
Contact Us
Site Map
FAQ
Legal Notice & Trademark Information
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Copyright© Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited 2010-2018, All Rights Reserved.