About Us
Careers
Press room
Give to Jax
Jackson Laboratory
About Us
Careers
Press room
Give to Jax
JAX Home
About The Jackson Laboratory
Imagine a world free of devastating disease.  A world where cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's – many of the conditions that undermine human health – are understood and can be stopped.
Imagine a world free from devastating disease
A world where where 
cancer
, 
diabetes
, 
Alzheimer’s
 — many of the conditions that undermine human health — are understood and can be stopped.
At The Jackson Laboratory (JAX), we apply passion, innovation and ever-increasing precision to make this vision a reality. We are accelerating disruptive scientific breakthroughs tailored to the needs of individual patients and closing in on the genetic and molecular courses of disease. We also 
educate current and future scientists
 and empower the global biomedical community by providing critical resources, data, tools and services. 
JAX has its mammalian genetics headquarters in 
Bar Harbor, Maine
; a Genomic Medicine institute in 
Farmington, Conn
.;
 and facilities in 
Sacramento, Calif.
 and Ellsworth, Maine. 
use of mice in biomedical research has contributed dramatically to medical progress.
Research Partnerships
For inquiries about collaborating with JAX research, please contact 
BJ Bormann, Vice President for Translational Science and Network Alliances
. 
Learn
Facts and Financials
Connect
Social Media Directory
Visit
Tour Schedule
Our Mission
To discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower the global biomedical community in the shared quest to improve human health. 
Leadership
Our leadership team drives the strategic direction of the organization. As a nonprofit organization, The Jackson Laboratory is governed by its Board of Trustees.
Careers
Join The Jackson Laboratory and help lead the search for cures through genetics, genomics and precision medicine.  We invite all interested scientists to submit applications for faculty positions.
Accelerating Discovery
The Jackson Laboratory is leading the search for cures through the science of genetics, genomics and precision medicine. Learn more about how the Laboratory’s scientists are accelerating discovery.
Cancer/Tumors
Precision medicine
Leukemia
Breast Cancer
Our mice, our hope
For more than a century, scientists have used the mouse as a genetic model of the human being to understand our fundamental biology and to identify and test better treatments and cures for the most devastating diseases.
By The Numbers 
90
Years
2,200+
Employees
75+
Principal Investigators
1
Mission
Give to JAX
Research and Faculty
Support the education of tomorrow's scientists
Support cutting-edge technology and resources
Your gift to The Jackson Laboratory supports our mission to discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower the global biomedical community in our shared quest to improve human health.
Make a Gift
Related
Bar Harbor, Maine 
Our 43-acre Bar Harbor campus is nestled between the Gulf of Maine and the mountains of Acadia National Park. Scientists here research the...
Farmington, Connecticut 
JAX Genomic Medicine sits on a 17-acre site on the campus of the University of Connecticut Health Center. Scientists here investigate how...
Our Research 
Research overview of The Jackson Laboratory
Isabela Gerdes Gyuricza 
I'm interested in using computational biology to understand how genetic variation influences diseases and aging.
The Whole Scientist 
Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
The Whole Scientist 
Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
The Whole Scientist 
PAST EVENT: Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
JAX Postdoctoral Scholars 
The JAX Scholar award offers exceptional early-career scientists the opportunity to develop their independent research program at The...
PostBacc at JAX 
A one- to two-year research and education program for students intending on pursuing an advanced degree in science or...
PostBacc at JAX 
A one- to two-year research and education program for students intending on pursuing an advanced degree in science or...
Rawan Olayan, Ph.D. 
Model disease through aligning human-mouse phenotype data : case study in Alzheimer disease (AD)
Mouse Genome Informatics 
International database resource for the laboratory mouse, providing integrated genetic, genomic, and biological data. 
The Palucka Lab 
Studying the mechanisms of human immunity and developing cancer immunotherapies.
Patsy Nishina, Ph.D. 
Employs mouse models of human eye disease to study gene function and mechanisms underlying disease pathology.
Gregory Carter, Ph.D. 
Develops computational strategies using genetic data to understand complex genetic systems involving multiple genes and environmental...
The Nishina Lab 
Employs mouse models of human eye disease to study gene function and mechanisms underlying disease pathology.
Space
Quick Links
Contact
Donate
Subscribe
Utility Menu
JAX Home
Careers
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Send Feedback
Research Centers
Mouse Genome Informatics
Mouse Phenome Database
Leading the search for
tomorrow's cures
Follow
Follow on 
Facebook
Follow on 
Twitter
Follow on 
LinkedIn
Follow on 
YouTube
Follow on 
Instagram
©2018 The Jackson Laboratory
Choose other country or region
France
Germany
UK
We use cookies to give you the best online experience.
By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. 
ok
Privacy policy