We are scientists, consultants, collaborators, plant breeders, greenhouse assistants, agricultural economists, forage agronomists, beef producers, soils and crops specialists, wildlife biologists, biochemists, mycologists, genomicists, community members, teachers, life-long learners.
Nearly 400 of us come together from 20-plus countries to work at Noble Research Institute headquarters in Ardmore, Oklahoma, and research farms in the surrounding area, to carry out the vision of Lloyd Noble.
Just like Noble, we hold a deep appreciation for agriculture and the people who produce our food. We combine our various backgrounds and expertise to find solutions to problems faced by farmers and ranchers. This, we believe, will produce lasting benefits for all mankind and the natural resources upon which we depend.
Our activities are organized into four interconnected areas:
Research
We focus on research that will help farmers and ranchers improve land stewardship and productivity regionally, nationally and internationally. Our approach considers all spectrums of agricultural research, including the basic, translational and applied. We study the basic molecular and genetic levels of how plants grow and interact with the microbial world around them, develop stronger plants more tolerant to drought and resistant against diseases and pests, and evaluate how well cattle perform in various grazing systems.
Producer Relations
We keep the heart of agriculture – its farmers, ranchers and other land stewards – at the forefront of our activities. They are our friends and neighbors, and we help them meet their goals through one-on-one, no-cost consultation. These relationships keep us connected to real-life producer needs so research remains focused on answering relevant, pressing questions. We also provide leadership and training for other agricultural organizations so that together we can better serve agriculture.
Applied Agricultural Systems Research and Technology
We are producers, too. We live out what we teach, and we know challenges facing agriculture first-hand. We raise forage-based beef cattle, grow horticultural crops like pecans, and manage natural resources on seven research and demonstration farms that span 14,000 acres of southern Oklahoma. These farms provide a place for researchers to apply their work in a real-world environment. Producers can also visit our farms to see innovation in action.
Education
We share our knowledge and expertise, including what we've learned from our research, with students of all ages. We host adult agricultural seminars and workshops related to cattle, forages, natural resources and economics. We also foster an awareness and appreciation for agriculture in the next generation, our future problem-solvers. We offer a variety of interactive learning opportunities, including tours and internships.