Assess Performance, Benchmark Best Practices and Corporate Governance
480-998-1081
Products
The Board Index ™
The Audit Committee Index ™
The Compensation Committee Index™
The Governance Committee Index ™
The Director Index™
TBI Protiviti® Board Risk Oversight Meter™
The Fiduciary Board Index™ module
The Norwegian Board Index™
Benefits
Testimonials
Methodology
Small Sample Methodology
Validation
Partners
News
Articles
Company
Management Bios
Contact
Login
Company
You can Build a Better Board
The Board Institute Can Show You How
A board can make or break your business. Using the industry’s first and only accredited web-based solutions for board education and board evaluation, The Board Institute’s validated tools are proven to improve the effectiveness of your board, your committees, and your company.
Your better board is just a few clicks away.
Applying New Thinking to the Board Evaluation Process
The Board Institute provides directors with independent, world-class evaluation tools to assess, enhance, educate and benchmark the effectiveness of their boards, committees and directors. As a director, you must be able to assess your board’s strengths, weaknesses and opportunities based on a valid industry standard.
Created in collaboration with the leading market experts in evaluation, survey research and board governance, our scientific, accredited and comprehensive solutions will provide you with a clearer understanding of how your board is performing, will enhance your entire evaluation process, deliver targeted education, and ultimately lead to improved corporate governance and better financial results.
We understand the risks faced by board members. Those who ignore best practices for effective board management do so at their own peril. Those who improve their boards will reap the rewards of higher performance.
We provide a diagnostic system to help directors stay current, identify priorities, and benchmark the effectiveness of your board. Now, you can fulfill assessment and director education mandates with a single, easy to use, independent, web-based solution.
Let us show you how.
Founded:
July 2002
Headquarters:
4350 East Camelback Road, Suite B200, Phoenix, Arizona 85018
Contact Us
PHONE: 480-998-1081
EMAIL: 
The Board Institute Inc.
Recent Posts
John Boehner’s ‘Evolution’ On Marijuana Could Come With A Huge Payday – For Him And The Weed Industry
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink’s Annual Letter to CEOs
Vanguard CEO Open Governance Letter to Companies
How Private Equity Can Help Build Your Board Of Directors
The Case for Global Boards
Links
FAQ
Resources
Client Login
Contact The Board Institute
 Your Name (required)
 Your Email (required)
 Subject
 Your Message
Free demo