We're sorry. You’re using an outdated browser. For the best experience, please consider upgrading to the most current version of your browser.
Get to know the brand that's devoted to driving excellence.
For over 100 years, Goodyear has been changing the way we move. From the tires made for your drive to the tires we put on the moon, we're always focused on what's next. Visit our corporate site to see our proud history and to see what we're working on now.
Get emails with special savings and helpful tips from tire experts.
Signup form component title
Signup Form Component - Submit
× ×
You are leaving Goodyear.com, and are being directed to a website run by a company other than Goodyear.
You are leaving the Goodyear.com Website and you are being directed to a website run by Citigroup, which issues the Goodyear Credit Card.
You are leaving the Goodyear.com Website and you are being directed to a website run by Citigroup, which issues the Goodyear Credit Card.
Goodyear Credit Card
Pay your bill, manage your tire financing and review your account.
Signup form component footer title
Submit signup footer form
Goodyear Tires
*TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE ON WWW.GOODYEAR.COM
THESE TERMS OF SALE (THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE") GOVERN YOUR PURCHASE OF ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED BY THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY ("Goodyear") ON THE WWW.GOODYEAR.COM WEBSITE (THE "Website"). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE CAREFULLY. THEY CONTAIN VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, AS WELL AS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU. THEY ALSO CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
BY CLICKING ON THE "I AGREE BUTTON" OR BY PLACING AN ORDER, YOU ("YOU" AND/OR "CUSTOMER" HEREIN) ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, ACCEPTED, AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATIONS. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE ARE SUBJECT TO MODIFICATION, SO PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE EACH TIME YOU MAKE A PURCHASE.
1. Products. Goodyear is authorized to sell the products and/or services offered for sale on the Website. Goodyear may discontinue any product and/or service at any time without notice. The prices advertised on the Website for the products and services do not include shipping and handling or sales taxes, if applicable, which will be added to your total invoice price.
2. Orders. Orders are not binding upon Goodyear until the installation of products and/or services is complete. Acceptance of Customer's orders shall be communicated to Customer on the Website, and via electronic mail at the address provided by the Customer. Goodyear reserves the right, without prior notification, to cancel the Order, limit the quantity of any item ordered and/or refuse service to any customer. Verification of information may be required prior to the acceptance of any order.
3. Payment. Goodyear accepts valid Goodyear, Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover credit cards. Customer's credit card will be charged in full when Customer's order is processed.
4. Cancellations. Once an order is placed, orders may only be cancelled pursuant to the cancellation process as described on the Website and/or via electronic mail to Customer.
5. Delivery. Goodyear or one of its authorized resellers, as appropriate, will ship Customer's orders to the selected installer location in accordance with Customer's selection of available shipping options when Customer's order is processed on the Website. While Goodyear or the authorized reseller will make every reasonable effort to ship Customer's orders within the selected timeframe, neither Goodyear nor the authorized reseller is responsible or liable for any delay in receiving or completing Customer's order that is caused by an event beyond the Goodyear's reasonable control. Such events may include, but are not limited to, fire, flood, accident, strike, riot, civil commotion, act of God, war or other hostilities, acts or omissions of carriers, transmitters, phone companies, Internet Service Providers or Internet backbone providers or a failure, interruption, or delay of the server or Website caused by an event outside the direct control of the Goodyear, including without limitation, power outages or attacks on the Website such as by persons known as "hackers." Customers may not pick up orders delivered to an installer -- items must be mounted on the vehicle by the installer, or they will be returned.
6. Title to Products. Goodyear or its authorized reseller retains all right, title, and interest in and to the ordered products until the products and/or services have been installed.
7. Shipping Charges. Goodyear does not charge for shipping. Goodyear reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior written notice.
8. Installation. Installation prices as listed on the Website cover most vehicles with standard equipment. Customized vehicles may result in additional installation fees at the point of installation. Additional fees may be required at the point of installation of products to accommodate for customized vehicles or to accommodate for pre-existing vehicle conditions such as severe misalignment, damaged lug bolts, or other conditions that limit the ability to install the products as reasonably anticipated at the point of sale. You have selected products by either indicating your vehicle make, model, and trim or by indicating no make and model at all. Goodyear cannot be held responsible for tires that are improperly sized or rated for your individual vehicle. In the case of incorrect product selection, Customer’s selected installer may refuse to install products for your safety. Re-stocking fees may be applied for product returns in accordance with the Website. In accordance with applicable law, all vehicles manufactured after September 2007 have Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems (“TPMS”). Applicable law may require TPMS sensors to be rebuilt and/or re-calibrated at the point of installation of new tires. Goodyear has attempted to include this cost into Customer’s Order, however where for any reason this cost has not been included there may be an additional charge at the installer to service TPMS sensors in accordance with applicable law. Certain states have graduated tire disposal fees. Goodyear has attempted to include these fees into Customer’s Order, however where for any reason those fees have not been included, it may be necessary for the installer to charge additional state mandated disposal fees at time of installation. In the event that the products purchased through this Website include vehicle suspension lowering products, additional suspension items may be necessary to properly align the vehicle after it has been lowered and may result in additional fees at time of installation. Wheel sizing for products purchased on this Website is based on information provided by the Customer and is based on original equipment manufacturer factory specifications. If your vehicle is highly customized and/or has raised or lowered suspension, Goodyear cannot guarantee fitment, and additional fees may be required at the point of installation for safe and proper fit and alignment. Despite Goodyear’s thorough and conscientious control of all data utilized and gathered to perform the services and provide the products through this Website, Goodyear cannot guarantee the completeness and accuracy of the provided information. CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT THE INSTALLER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS RELATED TO THE INSTALLATION OF THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES. CUSTOMER AGREES THAT GOODYEAR HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY AT LAW OR EQUITY FOR ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS RELATED TO THE INSTALLATION OF THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES
9. Warranties. Goodyear’s standard limited warranties govern all purchases of products and/or services. Those warranties can be found at www.goodyear.com.
10. Return/Refund Policy. Goodyear cannot accept any returns or refunds for any purchase of products and/or services. Customer may cancel an Order at any time prior to installation, pursuant to the procedure outlined on the Website and/or in electronic mail to the Customer. Goodyear does not accept returns for products that have been installed, used, mounted, or driven on.
11. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, GOODYEAR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST OR ANTICIPATED REVENUES OR PROFITS RELATING TO THE SAME), ARISING FROM ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THE WEBSITE, THESE TERMS OF SALE, THE CATALOG, PRODUCT(S), SERVICES (INCLUDING INSTALLATION), OR ORDER(S), WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF GOODYEAR EXCEED THE AMOUNT CUSTOMER HAS PAID TO GOODYEAR FOR THE APPLICABLE ORDER OR PRODUCT OUT OF WHICH LIABILITY AROSE. THE PRICES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ADVERTISED ON THE WEBSITE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE, AND PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any remedy.
12. Severability. If any provision of these Terms of Sale are held illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any law by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed severed from these Terms of Sale and the validity of the remainder of these Terms of Sale shall not be affected thereby.
13. Governing Law. These Terms of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ohio, without regard to Ohio’s choice of law provisions, applicable to contracts made and to be enforced wholly within such state.
14. BINDING ARBITRATION
ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR PURCHASE OF ANY GOODYEAR PRODUCT OR SERVICE OR THESE TERMS OF SALE SHALL BE SUBMITTED TO CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION, except that either party may seek interim relief from any state or federal court in the party’s state of residence to protect the party’s intellectual property rights. ARBITRATION WOULD REMOVE YOUR RIGHT TO LITIGATE A CLAIM IN COURT OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON THAT CLAIM. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THIS PROVISION CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SALE. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its then-current arbitration rules. If any AAA rule conflicts with these Terms of Sale, these Terms of Sale shall control. You can obtain procedures, rules, and fee information from the AAA at www.adr.org or 1-800-778-7879 . Any participatory arbitration hearing that you attend shall take place in Summit County, Ohio. Ohio state law will apply during the arbitration. The judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Unless inconsistent with applicable law, each party shall bear the expense of their respective attorneys’, experts’ and witness fees, regardless of which party prevails in the arbitration.
NO CLASS ACTIONS
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES ON A CONSOLIDATED OR CLASSWIDE BASIS; THAT IS, TO EITHER JOIN A CLAIM WITH THE CLAIM OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, OR ASSERT A CLAIM IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF ANYONE ELSE IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER, YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST GOODYEAR IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
15. Waivers and Amendments. The waiver by either Party of any provision of these Terms of Sale on any occasion and upon any particular circumstances shall not operate as a waiver of such provision of these Terms of Sale on any other occasion or upon any other circumstances. These Terms of Sale may be waived or amended only in a writing signed the Parties.
16. Other Terms. The Website Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and all such terms and conditions set forth therein are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
Goodyear Credit Card
Goodyear Credit Card transactions: the terms of the offer and applicable law governs this transaction including increasing APRs and fees.
ALASKA
Motor vehicle repair trade practices are regulated by Alaska statutes 45.45.130 - 45.45.240, administered by the consumer protection section, Alaska department of law.
COLORADO
Section 25-17-202, Colorado revised statutes, requires retailers to collect a $1.50 waste tire recycling development fee on the sale of each new motor vehicle tire.
MISSISSIPPI
If applicable, the charge on the invoice for Mississippi Waste Tire Fee is a Reimbursement of the Mississippi Waste Tire Fee.
NEW YORK
If applicable, the charge on the invoice for New York Tire Fee is imposed at the sole discretion of the seller.
NORTH CAROLINA
Oil change discounts using the Goodyear Credit Card:
∞ Redeem at participating dealer locations only. Offer applies to most vehicles. No other discounts or offers for similar services apply. One coupon per customer per vehicle. Discount will be deducted from participating retailer's regular price at time of purchase. Includes up to 5 quarts of oil. Includes Durablend Dexos oil changes required for GM vehicles 2011 and newer. Synthetic Blend High Mileage, Durablend, or Full Synthetic oil changes also include a four tire rotation. Cartridge filter and/or diesel oil extra. Fluid/filter disposal charge may apply. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Special state exceptions: FL - Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY - no fluid disposal fee or additional charge for shop supplies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢
Tire Rebate Details:
Ϯ Mail-In Rebate for a Goodyear MasterCard® Prepaid Card valid on purchases between October 1 and December 31, 2018.   One Mail-In Rebate for a Prepaid Card per qualifying purchase and per invoice.  Limit one (1) rebate form per tire purchase, per envelope. Offers available only at authorized participating U.S. Goodyear Retailers and websites. Offer valid only for U.S. residents who are individual consumers with mailing addresses in the U.S. and U.S. territories. Commercial fleets are not eligible for these rebates. Not valid on previous purchases.  Rebates are on a set of four tires.  If your vehicle requires six tires, rebates are available on a prorated basis for the two additional tires.  The prorated rebate amount, per additional tire, is 25% of the rebate amount listed above.  The minimum purchase is a set of four tires and the maximum purchase is six tires per invoice.  Purchases made on the Goodyear Credit Card are subject to credit approval.  WITH THE PURCHASE OF A SET OF 4 OF THE FOLLOWING TIRES: Get a $100 Prepaid Card with purchase or $200 Prepaid Card with purchase on the Goodyear Credit Card of:  ** Assurance WeatherReady, Wrangler DuraTrac, Ultra Grip Ice, Ultra Grip Ice WRT. Get a $80 Prepaid Card with purchase or $160 Prepaid Card with purchase on the Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance ComforTred Touring, Wrangler All-Terrain Adventure with Kevlar, Wrangler MT/R with Kevlar. Get a $60 Prepaid Card with purchase or $120 Prepaid Card with purchase on Goodyear Credit Card of:  Assurance MaxLife, Eagle F1 Asymmetric All-Season, ROF & SCT, Eagle Sport All-Season & ROF, Wrangler Fortitude HT, Dunlop SP Winter Sport 3D & ROF, Dunlop SP Winter Sport 4D, ROF & NST, Dunlop Winter Maxx 2, Dunlop Winter Maxx SJ8.  Get a $40 Prepaid Card with purchase or $80 Prepaid Card with purchase on Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance All-Season, Eagle Touring, Wrangler SR-A, Wrangler TrailRunner AT, Ultra Grip Winter, Fierce Attitude M/T, Kelly Edge AT, Kelly Safari TSR. 
Base portion of rebate offered by Goodyear and doubled portion of rebate offered by Citibank, N.A.  The Goodyear Credit Card is issued by Citibank, N.A. Completed rebate form must be postmarked or submitted online no later than January 31, 2019. Allow 6 to 8 weeks for Prepaid Card delivery. Goodyear reserves the right to substitute a check of equal value in lieu of a Prepaid Card at its discretion.  For additional questions, or to check the status of your rebate, you may visit www.GoodyearTireRebates.com or call the Goodyear Rebate Customer Service at 1-844-539-5503 weekdays, 8am to 8pm EST; Saturday 8 am to 1 pm EST. Fraudulent submissions will not be honored and may be prosecuted. Sponsor is not responsible for noncomplying rebate submissions or for lost, late, illegible, postage-due or undeliverable mail. Noncomplying rebate submissions will not be honored, acknowledged or returned. Void where taxed, restricted or prohibited by law.  All decisions made by Goodyear (or its authorized representatives) relating to the validity of any submissions are final and binding.  This promotion is subject to all federal, state, and local laws and regulations.  Retain copies of the materials you submit. Additional terms and conditions apply. Ask participating retailer for complete details and rebate form. 
Rebate paid in the form of a Goodyear Prepaid MasterCard® Card. This Card is issued by Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from MasterCard International Incorporated. MasterCard is a registered trademark of MasterCard International Incorporated. This card may be used everywhere MasterCard debit cards are accepted. Registration, activation, acceptance, or use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the Prepaid Card Agreement. Goodyear is not affiliated with MasterCard. Prepaid Cards will not have cash access. Each time you use the Card the amount of the transaction will be deducted from the amount of your available balance.  Card will be issued in the name on the redemption form only.  Card expires after 6 months, subject to applicable law.  Terms and conditions apply to the Prepaid Card. Certain fees may apply. See Prepaid Card for details.  To check the balance of your Card or receive the terms and conditions, visit www.prepaid.citi.com/goodyearrebates or call 1-800-522-7458. 
DuPont™ and Kevlar® are trademarks or registered trademarks of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company used under license by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and affiliates. 
©2018 The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company. All rights reserved. 
Goodyear Cavs Gift with Purchase & Sweepstakes Official Rules
¢NO PURCHASE NECESSARY FOR SWEEPSTAKES. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING THE SWEEPSTAKES.
1. Eligibility: Goodyear Cavs Gift with Purchase & Sweepstakes (the “Promotion”) is comprised of a special offer (“Special Offer”) and a sweepstakes (“Sweepstakes”). The Special Offer is open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry. The Sweepstakes is open only to legal residents of Ohio, except those residing in the zip codes listed HERE , who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry. Employees of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Cavaliers Operating Company, LLC (“COC”), the National Basketball Association and its Member Teams, NBA Properties, Inc., HelloWorld, Inc. and their parent and affiliate companies as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children) and household members of each such employee are not eligible for the Sweepstakes. The Promotion is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited. The Sweepstakes is void in the zip codes listed HERE and outside of Ohio. Participation constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and Sponsor’s and Administrator’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Promotion. Winning a Sweepstakes prize and receiving a Special Offer is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein.
2. Sponsor: The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, 200 Innovation Way, Akron, OH 44316.
Administrator: Cavaliers Operating Company, LLC, One Center Court, Cleveland, OH 44115.
3. Timing: The Special Offer begins on October 1, 2018 at 12:00 a.m. Eastern Time (“ET”) and ends on November 1, 2018 at 5:59 a.m. ET (the “Special Offer Period”). The Sweepstakes begins on October 1, 2018 at 12:00 a.m. ET and ends on November 1, 2018 at 5:59 a.m. ET (the "Sweepstakes Period"). Third-Party Digitas’s computer is the official time-keeping device for the Promotion.
4. How to Receive the Special Offer: During the Special Offer Period, visit goodyear.com and purchase four (4) or more Goodyear, Dunlop or Kelly tires using the promo code 100YEARS and schedule installation with a Goodyear authorized installer (“Tire Purchase”). Then visit https://www.goodyear.com/en-US/company/cavs-partnership/gwp-entry-form to register for the Special Offer, including your full name, mailing address, phone number, valid email address, order number, date of birth and size preference.
SPECIAL OFFER: one (1) Goodyear and Cavs co-branded limited edition hoodie. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”): $49.99. All details, including style and color, will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Participants will be required to provide their preferred hoodie size but final size determination will be made by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Special Offer is available while supplies last. Special Offers are non-transferable and no substitution will be made except as provided herein at the Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a Special Offer for one of equal or greater value if the designated Special Offer should become unavailable for any reason. Special Offers will be fulfilled by mail and within approximately 6-8 weeks after conclusion of the Special Offer Period. Special Offers are void where purchases are cancelled or installation by a Goodyear authorized installer does not occur within thirty (30) days of purchase.
Limit: Up to two (2) Special Offers per person. Multiple participants are not permitted to share the same email address. Any attempt by any participant to obtain more than the stated number of Special Offers by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void that participant’s Offer and that participant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification.
5. How to Enter the Sweepstakes: There are two (2) ways to enter the Sweepstakes:
a. Via Tire Purchase: During the Sweepstakes Period, visit goodyear.com and purchase four (4) or more Goodyear, Dunlop or Kelly tires (“Tire Purchase”). For each qualifying Tire Purchase, you will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes.
b. Via Online Alternate Method of Entry: During the Sweepstakes Period, to enter without making a Tire Purchase, visit https://www.goodyear.com/en-US/company/cavs-partnership and follow the links and instructions to complete and submit the registration form, including your full name, valid mailing address and valid email address. P.O. Boxes are not permitted. Upon submitting the complete registration form, you automatically will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes.
Limit: You may enter the Sweepstakes one (1) time per day during the Sweepstakes Period. Multiple entrants are not permitted to share the same email address. Any attempt by any entrant to obtain more than the stated number of entries by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. In the event of a dispute as to any registration, the authorized account holder of the email address used to register will be deemed to be the entrant. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Each potential winner may be required to show proof of being an authorized account holder. Limit of one (1) Sweepstakes prize per person.
6. Sweepstakes Drawing: Administrator will randomly select the potential Sweepstakes winners from all eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period, on or around November 15, 2018. The selection of the potential winners are final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes. The potential winners will be notified by email and by phone by Administrator. Each potential winner of a prize value of $600 or over must supply Administrator with their social security number and complete the Affidavit of Eligibility and Release provided by Administrator. An IRS Form 1099 will be issued in the name of winner for the actual value of the prize awarded if the actual value of prize is $600 or over. If a potential winner of any prize cannot be contacted, fails to complete and return the Affidavit of Eligibility and Release or provide any requested information within the required time period (if applicable), or the prize is returned as undeliverable, the potential winner is disqualified and forfeits his/her prize. Receiving a prize is contingent upon compliance with these Official Rules. In the event that a potential winner is disqualified for any reason, Sponsor will award the applicable prize to an alternate winner by random drawing from among all remaining eligible entries. Only three (3) alternate drawings will be held, after which the prize will remain un-awarded.
7. Sweepstakes Prizes: THREE (3) GRAND PRIZES: A Cleveland Cavaliers VIP Experience (“VIP Experience”). VIP Experience includes four (4) tickets to one (1) 2018-2019 regular season Cavaliers home game (“the Game”); four (4) benchwarmer passes for the Game; four (4) post-Game press conference passes; $50 Cavaliers Team Shop physical gift card; and one (1) night’s accommodations at a hotel in the Cleveland area (single room, quad occupancy) if winner lives 50 miles or more from Quicken Loans Arena. All details of the VIP Experience, including seats, dates and hotel, will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Terms, conditions and restrictions of gift card apply. Gift card will be fulfilled on the Game day; the tickets/passes will be fulfilled digitally before the Game day.
Winner must travel and attend the Game on the date(s) determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion or prize will be forfeited in its entirety. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sponsor will make reasonable efforts to select a Game date acceptable to winner. Accommodations are subject to availability and blackout dates. If, in Sponsor’s sole discretion, winner lives less than 50 miles from the Quicken Loans Arena, then hotel accommodations will not be awarded and no substitution or reimbursement will be provided. All expenses and incidental travel costs not expressly stated in the VIP Experience description above, including but not limited to, air or ground transportation, parking, meals, incidentals, gratuities, passenger tariffs or duties, surcharges, service charges or facility charges, personal charges at lodging, security fees, taxes or other expenses, are the responsibility solely of winner. All necessary travel arrangements shall be made by winner. Unless child of winner, travel companions must be eighteen (18) years of age or older as of the date of the Game. Sponsor will not replace any lost, mutilated, or stolen tickets, gift cards or certificates. Sponsor is not responsible if the Game or any other event is delayed, postponed or cancelled for any reason, in which event that portion of prize is forfeited in its entirety and no substitution or reimbursement will be provided except as in Sponsor’s sole discretion. Seating and timing to be determined in the sole discretion of Sponsor. Tickets may be subject to Sponsor’s standard rain-check policies and procedures. By accepting ticket prize, winner agrees to abide by any terms, conditions and restrictions provided by the ticket. The Sponsor is not responsible if winner does not use ticket on day of event. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”) range: $250.00 to $650.00. Actual value may vary based on ticket fluctuations. Winner will not receive difference between actual and approximate retail value.
8. All Sweepstakes Prizes: Prize is non-transferable and no substitutions, cash equivalents or redemptions will be made except as provided herein at the Administrator’s sole discretion. Administrator reserves the right to substitute the prize or any prize component for one of equal or greater value in the event of prize unavailability. Winner is responsible for all taxes and fees associated with prize receipt and/or use. Odds of winning the Sweepstakes prize depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period.
9. Release: By participation in the Promotion, participants agree to release, discharge, agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sponsor, Administrator, HelloWorld, Inc., Digitas, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, distributors, advertising/promotion agencies, and prize suppliers, and each of their respective parent companies and each such company’s officers, directors, employees and agents (including but not limited to Cavaliers Operating Company, LLC, the National Basketball Association and its Member Teams, NBA Properties, Inc., and their respective owners, members, directors, officers, managers, employees, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, successors and assigns) (collectively, the “Released Parties”) from and against any claim or cause of action, including, but not limited to, personal injury, death, or damage to or loss of property, arising out of participation in the Special Offer and/or Sweepstakes or receipt or use or misuse of any Special Offer or prize.
10. Publicity: Except where prohibited, participation in the Promotion constitutes each recipient’s/winner’s consent to Administrator’s and Sponsor’s, and their agents’, use of recipient’s/winner’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment or consideration.
11. General Conditions: Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Promotion, or any part of it, if any fraud, technical failures, human error or any other factor impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Promotion, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. In such event related to Sweepstakes, Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may elect to hold, or have Administrator hold, a random drawing from among all eligible entries received up to the date of discontinuance for any or all of the prizes offered herein. Sponsor and Administrator both reserve the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the Special Offer, Sweepstakes, or entry process or the operation of the Promotion or to be acting in violation of the Official Rules of this or any other promotion or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Promotion may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
12. Limitations of Liability: The Released Parties are not responsible for: (1) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by entrants, printing errors or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotion; (2) technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or software; (3) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the Special Offer, Sweepstakes or entry process or the Promotion; (4) technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Promotion or the processing of Special Offers, Sweepstakes prizes or entries; (5) late, lost, undeliverable, damaged or stolen mail; or (6) any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant’s participation in the Promotion or receipt or use or misuse of any Special Offer or prize. If for any reason a Sweepstakes entrant's entry is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, entrant’s sole remedy is another entry in the Sweepstakes, if it is possible. No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded. In the event that production, technical, seeding, programming or any other reasons cause more than the stated number of prizes as set forth in these Official Rules to be available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the stated number of prizes by a random drawing among all legitimate, un-awarded, eligible prize claims.
13. Disputes: THIS OFFER IS GOVERNED BY, AND WILL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF OHIO, AND THE FORUM AND VENUE FOR ANY DISPUTE SHALL BE IN SUMMIT COUNTY, OHIO. IF THE CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM IS NOT OTHERWISE RESOLVED THROUGH DIRECT DISCUSSIONS OR MEDIATION, IT SHALL THEN BE RESOLVED BY FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION ADMINISTERED BY THE JUDICIAL ARBITRATION AND MEDIATION SERVICES IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS ARBITRATION RULES AND PROCEDURES OR SUBSEQUENT VERSIONS THEREOF (“JAMS RULES”). THE JAMS RULES FOR SELECTION OF AN ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FOLLOWED, EXCEPT THAT THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE EXPERIENCED AND LICENSED TO PRACTICE LAW IN OHIO. ALL PROCEEDINGS BROUGHT PURSUANT TO THIS PARAGRAPH WILL BE CONDUCTED IN SUMMITCOUNTY, OHIO. THE REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM SHALL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL DAMAGES, AND IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCREASED, INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES OR OTHER SUCH RELATED COSTS OF BRINGING A CLAIM, OR TO RESCIND THIS AGREEMENT OR SEEK INJUNCTIVE OR ANY OTHER EQUITABLE RELIEF. PARTICIPANTS AGREE THAT THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTICIPANT AND/OR PROGRAM ENTITIES AND/OR ANY OTHER PARTY SHALL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY, WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION. ANY DEMAND FOR ARBITRATION MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR FROM THE END OF THE PROGRAM PERIOD, OR THE CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE FOREVER BARRED.
14. Participant’s Personal Information: Information collected from participants is subject to the Sponsor’s Privacy Policy ( http://www.goodyear.com/en-US/terms-conditions-privacy-policy ) and Administrator’s Privacy Policy ( http://www.nba.com/news/privacy_policy.html ). By participating in the Promotion, entrants hereby agree that Sponsor and Administrator may collect and use their personal information in compliance with their respective Privacy Polices and acknowledge that they have read and accepted each Privacy Policy. By submitting an entry, each entrant expressly grants to Administrator a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable and transferable right and license to use, and share with its affiliates and any partner(s) of this Promotion to use, however Administrator, its affiliates, and any partner(s) of this Promotion may deem fit in its sole and absolute discretion, whether in connection with the Promotion or otherwise, all content submitted in connection with an entry.
Service Coupon Details:
‡ Offer expires 01/16/19. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. One coupon per customer per vehicle. May not be used in combination with other coupons. No other discounts apply. Will be deducted from participating retailer's price at the time of purchase. Savings off regular price. Fluid/filter disposal charge may apply. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Redeem at participating Goodyear retailers only. See store for complete details. Special state exceptions: FL – Waste fluid fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA – no fluid disposal charges apply; NY – no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies applies. Cash value 1/50¢.
Full Synthetic Oil Change: Offer expires 01/16/19. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only.  Must present coupon. Offer applies to most vehicles. No other discounts or offers for similar services apply.  One coupon per customer per vehicle. Discount will be deducted from participating retailer's regular price at time of purchase.   Includes up to 5 quarts of oil. Full Synthetic oil changes also include a four tire rotation. Cartridge filter and/or diesel oil extra. Fluid/filter disposal charge may apply.  Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added.  Special state exceptions:  FL - Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY - no fluid disposal fee or additional charge for shop supplies.   Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply.  See store for complete details.  Cash value 1/50¢. 
Conventional/Synthetic Blend Oil Change: Offer expires 01/16/19. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only.  Must present coupon. Offer applies to most vehicles. No other discounts or offers for similar services apply.  One coupon per customer per vehicle. Discount will be deducted from participating retailer's regular price at time of purchase.  Includes up to 5 quarts of oil. Synthetic Blend or Full Synthetic oil changes also include a four tire rotation. Cartridge filter and/or diesel oil extra. Fluid/filter disposal charge may apply.  Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added.  Special state exceptions:  FL - Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY - no fluid disposal fee or additional charge for shop supplies.  Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply.  See store for complete details.  Cash value 1/50¢. 
Preventive Maintenance: Offer expires 01/16/19. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply.  Will be deducted from participating retailer's price at the time of purchase. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only. See store for complete details. Special state exceptions: FL - Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY - no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies apply.  Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply.  See store for complete details.  Cash value 1/50¢.
Computerized Alignment: Offer expires 01/16/19. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply. Will be deducted from participating retailer's price at the time of purchase. Adjust to manufacturer's specifications where applicable. Vehicles with Electronic Stability Control are extra. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only. See store for complete details. Special state exceptions: CA and NY – no Additional charge for shop supplies applies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply.  See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢
Battery Savings: Offer expires 01/16/19. Must present coupon to get this offer. Pricing applies to most vehicles. No other discounts apply. May not be used in combination with other coupons. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only.  One coupon per customer per vehicle. Discount only applies to one (1) service of $50 or more.  Minimum purchase of $50 is required before sales tax and disposal fees.  Will be deducted from participating retailer's price at the time of purchase. Savings off regular price. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added.  Special state exceptions: FL - Waste fluid fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY – no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies applies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply.  See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢.
Discount Codes:
Must purchase on Goodyear.com with applicable promotional code to get this offer. Discount does not apply to installation, taxes, or fees where applicable. May be used in combination with Goodyear rebate offer. May not be combined with promotional codes. Limit one redemption per transaction. Cannot be applied to previous purchases. Limited quantities, no rainchecks. All other standard terms and conditions apply. Offer may be modified or cancelled at any time without prior notice.
NASCAR Details:
NASCAR® is a registered trademark of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. NHRA and the NHRA logos are registered trademarks of the National Hot Rod Association and used with permission. All rights reserved.
© 2016 Hendrick Motorsports, LLC
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
or
Enter the second number on your tire's sidewall as highlighted below.
Enter the second number on your tire's sidewall as highlighted below.
Heads up: Some tires might show a number like 12.5 as 1250.
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
State
search for vehicle
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
Searching our database...
Tire Finder
Looks like you previously searched for tires for a:
Would you like to see tires for this VEHICLE or start a new search?
Tire Finder
How to Find Your Tire Size
Finding your size is simple. Once you are at your       vehicle, write down the following highlighted numbers located on your sidewall in the order shown below.
Passenger Tires
High Floatation Tires
× Close modal button - Goodyear need help vehicle modal
Tire Finder
Find your version/option
Find your version/option
You can usually find your vehicle's version/option in one of the following places.
Example: The version/option of a Honda Accord EX V6 is EX V6.
DRIVER'S DOOR JAMB
Find your tire size instead
Can't find your version/option? Try searching by your vehicle's tire size instead.
Finding your tire size is simple. Once you are at your vehicle, write down the following highlighted numbers located on your sidewall in the order shown below.
Example: The size of the tire below is 215/60/16.
QUICK NOTE
Not all tires fit every vehicle or tire size.
If you change your vehicle or tire size, the tire in your cart will be removed.
Updating your cart ...
You entered a Canadian address. We're sending you to Goodyear's Canada site to see results - don't worry, we saved your tire information.
We couldn't find this location in the U.S. or Canada. Please enter a valid U.S. or Canadian address and try again.
We couldn't find this location in the U.S. Please enter a valid U.S. address and try again.
Please choose the correct address
vehicle or tire
size
Would you like to see tires for this VEHICLE or start a new search?
Would you like to see tires for this SIZE or start a new search?
Full Address or ZIP
trailer