Headquartered in Seattle, Theraclone Sciences is a discovery-stage biotech developing novel therapeutic antibodies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases. Our proprietary discovery platform allows us to comprehensively screen and identify the rare antibodies that select individuals produce to successfully ward off disease.
Central to our discovery approach, we identify antibodies produced naturally by human memory B cells in response to disease-causing agents or conditions. This allows us to identify monoclonal antibodies that are likely to be highly effective in combating disease in a broad patient population. The antibodies identified through our discovery process can be further studied as tools for vaccine development, and can yield novel targets.
Our primary research focus is to discover novel targets and antibodies, and develop therapeutic monoclonal antibodies, by using our proprietary B-cell technology platform to mine the immune system of cancer patients who have responded to cancer immunotherapies.
Other advanced development programs are focused on infectious disease including novel antibodies to fight pandemic and seasonal influenza. Our flu program is in partnership with Zenyaku Kogyo Co., Ltd. Also, in partnership with the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative, we have identified the most potent and broadly neutralizing anti-HIV antibodies; Gilead has licensed these antibodies for clinical development and commercialization.
Theraclone is a venture-funded company founded in 2005. Our investors include ARCH Venture Partners, Canaan Partners, Healthcare Ventures, Amgen Ventures, MPM, and AREE. We are actively seeking development partners in the U.S., Europe, and Japan to help us create and commercialize antibody therapeutic products.
Theraclone SciencesClifford J. Stocks
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Stocks joined Theraclone Sciences in December 2011 as Chief Executive Officer. Most recently Mr. Stocks served as Chief Business Officer of Calistoga Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he led the partnering activities and M&A teamwork that resulted in the acquisition of Calistoga by Gilead for $600 million in Q2 2011. Mr. Stocks brings more than two decades of experience in the biotech industry, including 15 years at ICOS Corporation where he served as an Executive Officer and Vice President of Business Development. While at ICOS, he led acquisitions and joint venture activities, as well as alliance formation, strategy, licensing and deal making. He played an instrumental role on the leadership team that developed and launched Cialis®, and was a key architect of the Lilly ICOS joint venture partnership leading to the $2.3 billion acquisition of ICOS in 2007. Mr. Stocks's early career includes a turn as a management consultant in the Health Services practice of Booz, Allen & Hamilton, as well as academic research in the department of immunology at the University of Utah and the department of molecular genetics and cell biology at the University of Chicago. He received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago, Booth Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor of Science degree in biology from the University of Utah.
Kristine Swiderek, Ph.D.
Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Swiderek joined Theraclone Sciences in January 2011 as Vice President of Research. She has over 18 years of research and leadership experience in the Biopharmaceutical Industry and a proven track record of discovering and developing a wide variety of protein therapeutics. Prior to joining Theraclone, Dr. Swiderek was Vice President of Protein Science at Zymogenetics, a Seattle based public biotechnology company specializing in development of protein therapeutics, where she successfully built a world-class protein science department that advanced over a dozen therapeutic molecule candidates to be partnered, out-licensed and into clinical development. Prior to ZymoGenetics, Dr. Swiderek established a state-of-the-art analytical core facility at the City of Hope, National Cancer Center where she collaborated with a group of prestigious scientists. She has authored and co-authored over 60 peer reviewed articles and book chapters and has been a guest speaker at international scientific meetings and conventions. Dr. Swiderek holds a Ph.D. in Protein Biochemistry from the Ruhr-Universität in Bochum, Germany. She did post doctoral studies at City of Hope, Beckman Research Institute, in Duarte, CA. and the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN.
Russ Hawkinson
Chief Financial Officer
Russ Hawkinson joins Theraclone from Cell Therapeutics, where he was Vice President, Finance and Accounting from 2006 to 2007. From 1995 to 2005, Mr. Hawkinson was Vice President, Finance at Corixa Corporation, where he directed the finance and accounting functions, including all aspects of planning and reporting, operational accounting, and oversight of all SEC-related activities. Prior to Corixa, Mr. Hawkinson was an audit senior manager at Ernst & Young. Mr. Hawkinson received his B.A. from the University of Washington.
Theraclone Sciences