Toray Plastics (America), Inc., is a subsidiary of Toray Industries, Inc., headquartered in Tokyo, Japan and the world leader in high-performance films, synthetic fibers and textiles, carbon fibers, plastics, chemicals, and pharmaceuticals. Toray Industries, Inc., was established in 1926 as Toyo Rayon Co., Ltd. and today operates 254 facilities in 26 countries and regions with nearly 46,000 employees and annual sales of approximately US$18 billion. The company’s diversity of businesses, depth of resources, and sound global market perspective, along with an unwavering commitment to corporate social responsibility, is a reflection of its corporate philosophy: “Contributing to society through the creation of new value with innovative ideas, technologies, and products.”
Toray Plastics (America), Inc., was founded in 1985 and consists of the Torayfan® Polypropylene Film and Lumirror® Polyester Film Divisions, located in North Kingstown, Rhode Island, and the Toraypef® Olefin Foams Division, located in Front Royal, Virginia. As the only U.S. manufacturer of precision-performance polyester, polypropylene, metallized, and bio-based films, we produce 188 million pounds of film annually for flexible and rigid packaging, lidding, graphic, industrial, optical, and electronic applications. The Toraypef Division, which invented cross-linked polyolefin foams and now also produces polypropylene and polyethylene foams, is a leading global supplier to the automotive and flooring industries. This dynamic, unified, synergistic group is relentless in its pursuit of product innovation and quality on behalf of customers. Process and product management teams engage regularly to promote a healthy cross-fertilization of ideas and systems that drive efficiencies and innovation. Plants are streamlined, technologically advanced, and equipped with the capability to add value well beyond basic film and foam production.
At Toray Plastics (America), Inc., our commitment to innovation and the future of our business, as well as that of our customers, is also demonstrated by our consistent reinvestment of annual sales, and the dedication of 15 percent of our workforce, to research and development. To date, we have invested more than $700 million in our operations, increasing our production capacity by over 1,000% in the past 20 years. Significant green initiatives, such as the installation of Rhode Island’s largest solar farm on our North Kingstown campus, a zero-landfill program, water and energy conservation, and extensive recycling have been undertaken and are constantly monitored for the well-being of our business, society, and the environment.
The rapid pace of change in today’s world will continue to present society with many complex challenges. At Toray Plastics (America), Inc., we focus our thinking and actions every day on finding solutions that will usher in the new ideas, technologies, and quality products that help grow business and help make life better for all.
Contact Us: 1.800.453.6866
Toray Plastics (America), Inc is a subsidiary of Toray Industries Inc., the world leader in synthetic fibers and textiles, carbon fibers, plastics, chemicals, pharmaceuticals and high performance films