Powerful solutions since 1984
EVERY YEAR WE SHIP MORE THAN 400000 BATTERY CHARGERS AND POWER SUPPLY UNITS TO CUSTOMERS AND RETAILERS ALL OVER THE WORLD.
Long term industrial partner
Micropower is an independent manufacturer of battery chargers, lithium-ion batteries and systems for industrial use. The business was started up in 1984 and is today market leader in northern Europe for battery chargers in forklift truck applications. We benefit from the vertical integration in our organization, whereas we keep control of all important steps of the production process – including the manufacturing of the control cards and the testing/quality control of the final product. The Micropower Group is run by operative owners, which guarantees continuity, quality and know-how in all the companies.
Our customers are found all over the world and the global success comes from long term commitment and responsibility.
Research and development
Around 30 engineers work at our R&D centres in Sweden and Finland. The centres are all equipped with test facilities for EMC measurements and we are also able to test all kinds of moisture and hot/cold conditions in lab environment. We can also simulate variations in voltage and frequency.
High priority is given to research and development within the Micropower Group.
Short facts
Established 1984
CEO Torbjörn Gustafsson
Chairman of the Board Jan Sandberg                                                                                                                                                           
Ångaren Thor, steamer from 1887 operating on Lake Helgasjön, nearby Micropower's head office in Växjö.
Financial info about owners
Micropower is a profitable, privately owned group. A number of operative owners maintain a majority of the share capital, and a number of key persons within the different companies own minor shares. Several other employees also own shares. One target is to offer the shareholders a good yield through dividend. Another is to return part of the profit to the employees in different ways.
The Board for the Micropower Group
Vision
We intend, with a strong brand name, innovative product development, efficient customer support, competitive production and distribution, to be market leaders on advanced high frequency battery chargers and innovative power supply solutions.
We shall be market leaders on advanced high frequency battery chargers and innovative power supply solutions.
History
An ever-present entrepreneurial spirit and a conviction that quality at every moment pays off, has characterized the history of Micropower. Ever since the first day, focused work, supplemented with curiosity, creativity and responsivness, has made the brand widely known in North America, Asia and Europe. It all started off in a small garage in the village of Tävelsås, province of Småland, Southern Sweden, in April 1984, whenas Thomas Svensson, Tomas Lindgren and Bengt Gylling decided to revolutionize the battery charger business.
Most of Micropower´s activity and head office is located in Växjö.
I understand