For six decades, the U.S. Department of Energy’s (DOE’s) Argonne National Laboratory has excelled in integrating world-class science, engineering, and user facilities to deliver innovative research and technologies and new knowledge that addresses the scientific and societal needs of our nation.
From Argonne’s inception, the University of Chicago has managed and operated the laboratory—a laboratory that has become a scientific leader for DOE and the country. Achievements and honors earned by Argonne researchers include three Nobel Prizes, 90 R&D 100 awards, 700 national and international awards and honors, 750 patents and the start of over 30 small businesses.
Today, Argonne’s future is even brighter.
Through UChicago Argonne, LLC, the University of Chicago brings the best of commercial practices and marshals the talent of Illinois’ leading research universities to lead Argonne into the future. Argonne is operated by UChicago Argonne, LLC together with team member Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. This partnership underscores the University’s commitment to delivering world-class research through the safe and efficient management and operation of Argonne National Laboratory.
Jacobs is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical, professional and construction services, including all aspects of architecture, engineering and construction, operations and maintenance, as well as scientific and specialty consulting. UChicago Argonne, LLC combines the finest scientific leadership with best management practices to support innovation and discovery at Argonne that serves the national interest.
UChicago Argonne, LLC manages the Laboratory through its Board of Governors , which consists of two dozen academic and industry leaders. The Science Policy Council is responsible for guiding the interactions and scientific directions of Argonne and its Illinois academic partners and for addressing such issues as joint appointments, student and faculty access, and the development of new scientific directions for Argonne. The Science Policy Council has been approved by the UChicago Argonne, LLC Board of Governors for Argonne and the University of Chicago Board of Trustees.
The Council consists of the Vice-Presidents of Research for the University of Chicago, Northwestern, and the University of Illinois, and the Director of Argonne.
Argonne scientist Nancy Dietz Rago analyzes results in the Battery Post-Test Facility. Argonne’s all-encompassing battery research program spans the continuum from basic materials research and diagnostics to scale-up processes and ultimate deployment by industry.
One of the world’s premier academic and research institutions, the University of Chicago has driven new ways of thinking since its 1890 founding.
P. (630) 252-2500 F: (630) 252-5329
© 2018 Argonne LLC UChicago