Veeco’s proven metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD), molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) lithography, laser spike annealing, ion beam, single wafer etch and clean technologies play an integral role in producing LEDs for solid-state lighting and displays and in the fabrication of power electronics, photonics, optics and advanced semiconductor devices. The company also offers solutions to the semiconductor wafer inspection market that leverages proprietary coherent gradient sensing (CGS) technology, and provides atomic layer deposition (ALD) tools to leading research organizations.
We Make Process Equipment
Decades of expertise growing, depositing, etching and processing thin film technologies is our core competency.
Innovator in advanced packaging lithography and laser annealing for advanced semiconductor devices
Our Technology Makes a Difference
Cutting-edge systems and components support energy efficiency, mobility, consumer electronics, and network storage applications
High-Growth Market Focus
Our process equipment enables the manufacture of LEDs, power electronics, advanced packaging, MEMS, wireless chips, semiconductor devices and optical system components.
We are the Industry Leader
Our technology leadership includes MOCVD, MBE, IBE/IBD and advanced film process technologies.
Our R&D Is Best-in-Class
Veeco provides process equipment solutions that drive tomorrow’s technology breakthroughs today.
A More Productive, Cleaner and Sustainable World
We help customers make products for a more productive world and a cleaner and sustainable environment.
Dynamic, Innovative and High-Growth
We are a dynamic, innovative and high-growth company recognized as the best in the markets we serve.
Company
Follow Us1945
Vacuum Electronic Equipment Co., Veeco was founded specializing in leak detector equipment.
1989
Veeco’s then-COO Edward H. Braun, together with a group of senior executives, led a management buy-out to create a new equipment company for the semiconductor and data storage industries. Mr. Braun was named CEO.
1994
Veeco completed an Initial Public Offering on the NASDAQ stock market. At the time, Veeco’s sales were approximately $30 million.
1999
Veeco purchased Ion Tech, Inc. and entered into the optical coating market.
2001
Veeco purchased Applied EPI, its present-day Molecular Beam Epitaxy group in St. Paul, MN.
2003
Veeco purchased Emcore in Somerset, NJ, paving the way for its leading Metal Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition System business for the LED market.
2007
John Peeler named CEO and steered Veeco towards accelerated product development, a flexible operations strategy, and high growth markets.
2008 – 2010
Veeco launched multiple industry-changing system innovations including GEN10™ and GEN2000™ MBE systems and TurboDisc® K465i™ MOCVD System. Veeco sold its metrology business to focus exclusively on Process Equipment.
2011
Veeco introduced NEXUS® DLC-X™ and Optium® ADS-800™ for data storage and TurboDisc MaxBright™ Multi-Reactor MOCVD system. Veeco became the #1 provider of MOCVD systems, critical to making LEDs.
2012
Veeco introduced SPECTOR-HT Ion Beam Sputtering system for high throughput optical coating applications.
2013
Veeco launched GENxplor™ R&D MBE System, the industry’s first fully integrated system.
2014
Veeco launched two MOCVD systems:  The TurboDisc EPIK700 GaN MOCVD System to accelerate adoption of solid-state lighting and the Propel™ PowerGaN™ GaN MOCVD system to enable transition from R&D to production of highly-efficient GaN power electronic devices.
Veeco purchased Solid State Equipment LLC (SSEC) to extend its footprint into high growth markets; renamed SSEC to Veeco Precision Surface Processing (PSP) business unit.
2015
Veeco shipped its 50th EPIK 700 MOCVD reactor in less than one year and received multiple orders from a leading foundry in Asia for its Precision Surface Processing (PSP) WaferStorm™ System. 
2016
Veeco launched the TurboDisc K475i™ As/P MOCVD System for the production of red, orange, yellow (R/O/Y) light emitting diodes (LEDs), as well as multi-junction III-V solar cells, laser diodes and transistors. 
Veeco GENxplor MBE System recorded the largest tool installed base surpassing the competition among R&D universities worldwide.
Veeco consolidated its New York (Plainview, Kingston and Poughkeepsie) manufacturing operations into one facility in Somerset, New Jersey to improve operational efficiency and meet customer needs.
2017
Veeco acquired Ultratech, Inc, a recognized leader of lithography products for Advanced Packaging applications and for LEDs and is a pioneer for laser spike anneal technology used for production of semiconductor devices.
2018
Follow Us