We moved beyond the hype.
At Vorbeck the potential of graphene is not theoretical, it’s tangible, you can see it in the solutions we are engineering to solve real-world problems, and in the groundbreaking products that we are bringing to market with our partners all over the world.
Our patented graphene products are enhancing products for growing list of globally recognized brands. We develop Vor-x®, our proprietary graphene material, which was developed in the Chemical Engineering Laboratories of Princeton University by Dr. Ilhan A. Aksay, Dr. Robert K. Prud'homme, and their coworkers.
The Princeton team's pioneering work enables large-scale production of graphene. Vorbeck owns an exclusive license on the patented Princeton University graphene technology. Dr. Aksay serves an advisor to Vorbeck and on the Vorbeck Board of Directors.
Our line of patented graphene products and solutions includes:
Vor-x
Vor-ink
Vor-flex
ShareThis Copy and PasteAbout Vorbeck
Vorbeck is the global leader in graphene products and solutions. Born out of a Princeton Research Lab, Vorbeck is now bringing products to market with some of the most well recognized brands and institutions in the world.
As the first company with EPA approval to sell commercial graphene-based products, Vorbeck has the capability to integrate this groundbreaking material seamlessly into products that are ready to ship. In terms of pure capacity, our team has the largest production capability of high-quality graphene anywhere in the world.
Vorbeck’s patented technology is based on single-atom thick graphene sheets: it has applicability for Antennas, RFID, Wearables, Next Generation Battery Development, Composites, and Conductive Inks
Products at Vorbeck are based on two core technologies Vor-x® as a multi-functional additive and Vor-ink™ as a preferred solution for new and existing applications in the printed electronics industry through its ease of processing, durability, and exceptional conductivity.
Our Awards & Recognition
2012 R&D 100 Award
2012 Under Armour Innovation Challenge
2011 Printed Electronics USA, Product Development
2010 World Technology Award
ShareThis Copy and Paste