Vision
Our vision is to develop systems and strategies by which all humanity has the energy it needs to sustain life.
Key Personnel
Brian Cunningham
CO-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Former NASA, Goddard Physicist turned serial entrepreneur, Brian co-founded Electronic Sales Associates(ESA) in 1965. ESA specialized in sale of high-speed computer printers, tape drives, mini computers and digital acquisition systems and had annual sales of $7M. In 1969, and for the next 2 decades, Brian founded Computer Entry Systems Corporation (CESC) which designed, manufactured and sold optical character reading (OCR) hardware and software. CESC started with himself and eventually employing more than 1,000 Associates on 5 Continents with over $70M in annual sales. Brian Has a knack for entrepreneurship and a passion for developing companies into well respected and highly valuable businesses.
Dan Morley
President, Director and Chief Operating Officer
Dan has over 30 years of success in the field of finance. Mr. Morley was a cofounder of Federal Leasing, Inc., Bostionia Federal Leasing, and a Managing Director of ABN AMRO North America, and an US Export – Import Bank certified lessor. Mr. Morley was responsible for the structuring and finance of over $610,000,000 of energy capital acquisitions and leases and $460,000,000 of aircraft, buildings, information technology and software, medical equipment, and vehicle capital acquisitions and leases. Mr. Morley has served on the Board of Directors of public and private companies and the Board of Trustees of several educational institutions.
David R.B. Kraemer, Ph.D.
Mechanical Engineer, Senior Lecturer, Johns Hopkins University
Dr. Kraemer holds a Ph. D in Civil Engineering from the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD USA, advised by Dr. Michael McCormick, a noted pioneer in the study of Wave Energy Conversion. His dissertation was, “Motions of Hinged-barge Systems in Regular Seas”. Dr. Kraemer took part with Drs. McCormick and McCabe, both world-renowned ocean wave authorities, on the WECS that withstood a rigorous nine year test in the Shannon River Estuary.
Sarah E. Mouring, Ph.D., P.E.
Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering, Professor, U.S. Naval Academy
Dr. Mouring received her Ph.D. in Civil Engineering from the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, MD USA.  Her research includes both structural and model testing. Currently she is performing model testing of a 1/25th scale McCabe Wave Pump. 
Joe Newberger
Project Manager
Joe Newberger has 35 years experience in Logistics Technology and Management, working for leading technology companies servicing corporate, military, other government and institutional clients.
John Ringwood
Control System Consultant
Educated at Strathclyde University in Scotland, where he was awarded the PhD in 1985. He was a Senior Lecturer in the School of Electronic Engineering in Dublin City University until 2000, when he was appointed Professor and Head of the Dept. of Electronic Engineering at NUI Maynooth, serving as Head for a five year term to July 2005. He was a visiting Research Fellow at Massey University in New Zealand in 1991/92 and a visiting Senior Lecturer at the University of Auckland in 1999. His research interests focus on the development and application of modeling and control systems techniques. John has acted as a control systems consultant to a number of companies, both in Ireland and abroad. He is a Fellow of the IEE, a Fellow of the IEI and a Chartered Engineer. John served as Dean of the Engineering at NUI Maynooth from 2001 to 2006.
Live Wave Activity
About
The Wave Energy Conversion Corporation of America (WECCA) is a start-up company located in Potomac, MD. WECCA has associates working around the United States, and World, to develop a wave energy conversion device that will revolutionize the way humanity collects energy.
About
The Wave Energy Conversion Corporation of America (WECCA) is a start-up company located in Potomac, MD. WECCA has associates working around the United States, and World, to develop a wave energy conversion device that will revolutionize the way humanity collects energy.
Media
Contact
11021 Rosemont Dr.