Sign in
Remember me
About Wenger Corporation
Watch our 30-second Music Education Product Video
Products that perform year after year
Nobody builds a better value than Wenger. Nobody puts more careful thought and effort into quality or more emphasis on durability, versatility and ease-of-use. Wenger understands how important it is to have products that last; products that provide flexibility with how you apply them; and products that transport easily and set up fast. We've learned this by listening to our customers — the driving force behind every product we build.
In addition to Wenger's commitment to innovation is a tradition of outstanding customer service and support. Wenger stands behind each product with expert technical support, great warranties and customer service that's responsive, thorough and dedicated to your individual needs.
Wenger offers products that can save you time, enhance your rehearsals and contribute to the success of every performance. While we started in the music practice room, today you'll find Wenger products in performance halls, theatres, gymnasiums, and outdoors. Wenger products can be found just about anywhere music and theatre is practiced and performed. And more recently, in the locker rooms and equipment storage facilities of high school, college and professional sports teams. It's hard to find a musician, teacher, actor, coach or athlete today – at any level – whose passion to teach and perform hasn't been touched by a Wenger product.
Take some time with our website to familiarize yourself with Wenger products, and check out our Installations page to see and read about many of our customers. You'll begin to see why Wenger has the reputation it has earned over the last 70 years.
Share this page
About Wenger Corporation
Nobody builds a better value than Wenger. Nobody puts more careful thought and effort into quality or more emphasis on durability, versatility and ease-of-use. Wenger understands how important it is to have products that last. We've learned this by listening to our customers — the driving force behind every product we build.
Latest Tweets
Now Hiring! Metal Machine Operator - 1st Shift - Owatonna, MN The Metal Machine Operator in the Sound Module Fabric… https://t.co/UGKHUFA9hW
Dec. 22, 2018