About Us
In its quest to develop a convenient, affordable, wireless closet light, Wireless Environment quickly established a vision that took lighting completely off grid, using battery-powered lights. In the last 8 years, the company has created two successful, innovative product lines that provide light without relying on electrical power and are versatile enough for home or commercial applications.  In addition, two of the latest technologies will be integrated into new product lines launching in 2014-2015.
Mr Beams
A line of indoor/outdoor, portable LED light fixtures that can be attached anywhere in minutes without an electrician or wires. Using motion and light sensors, these lights provide light when you need it for better safety and security.  Mr Beams® continues to come out with new products to help consumers light up every dark space they can find.  One of the top selling wireless lighting products on Amazon.com. Surprisingly Bright Light Anywhere!
ReadyBright
A wireless power outage system that runs on batteries and installs in minutes. The system senses when a power outage strikes and provides hours of light when you need it. ReadyBright was selected as one of Good Housekeeping’s VIPs in 2013.
SwitchSense
Coming in 2015, SwitchSense® is a module that turns LED luminaires and lamps into power failure lights. SwitchSense modules detect a power outage without wiring to the main power and provide instant power to the light source so your lights aren’t affected by the outage.
NetBright
NetBright® – Networked Wireless Spotlight System.  The technology will enable networked lights to communicate with each other, so when any one light detects motion, all NetBright Lights will activate.  The line will launch with a 200 lumen Wireless Outdoor Spotlight, followed by other wireless lights, including Path Lights, to create a variety of battery-operated lights that work in coordination with others in their network.
Visit our Products section to learn more about each of our product lines.
Profile of Founders:
David Levine, President, has successfully launched 28 consumer products from initial development to national retail. A Senior Product Manager at Black & Decker and DeWalt from 1995 until 1999, he launched the rotary tool business. In 2000, he co-founded Igo Home Products and launched 11 Kitchen Drawer Power Tools,™ including the first miniature powered screwdriver. In October 2005, David founded Wireless Lighting Technologies, LLC (WLT) with Michael Recker and developed eight unique LED-based indoor lights. In October 2006, WLT licensed the product line to a significant manufacturer of LED and RF products. David earned an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BA in History from Washington University.
Michael Recker, Chief Technology Officer, has been designing on the cutting edge of wireless technology for the past 15 years. He worked on a satellite communication platform and a variety of voice over IP (VoIP) products for Telogy Networks. He was the lead hardware architect on a variety of solutions for the mobile Internet for Ericsson. Michael was the co-founder and President of AirRover Networks, a public wireless Internet service provider. Michael is co-founder and CTO of Wireless Lighting Technologies, LLC. He earned a Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University and a BS in EE from Lafayette College.
brianmac2021About Us