What We Do
Kinetech Power Systems (KPS) has developed a low-cost, flexible duration  - long or short - flywheel energy storage system (FESS), also known as a mechanical battery, that provides non-toxic, environmentally friendly power for up to 30 years with little maintenance required.
How We Do It
Constant innovation and hard work are behind our FESS. We've managed to create our own technology and designs for our high speed hybrid composite flywheel system, which allows us to drive our costs down without sacrificing efficiency. 
Why We Do It
We strongly believe energy storage to be essential for more widespread renewable energy adoption. We are committed to the development of technology that can put us all one step closer to a clean future for all generations to come.
Our Core Technology and Key Advantages
Innovative FESS Design
Our patented FESS design has been tested and proven to provide long duration energy delivery in several prototype systems. KPS is constantly developing new innovations to further our technology and its applications.
High Speed / Small Volume
KPS's high speed hybrid composite carbon fibre flywheel is much smaller than other similar steel flywheels, decreasing instalation costs and making it suitable for commercial and residential applications.
Unique Bearing Technology
The RingLube™ bearing technology is an efficient alternative to magnetic bearing systems without suffering from standby power losses.
Efficient
Clean
Secure
Telecom
Telecom flywheel energy storage backup systems that can operate outdoors at low and high temperatures with minimal O&M.
Utilities + Renewables
Flexible and fast responsive energy storage for frequency regulation, peak management, T&D deferral and renewables intregration. 
Microgrids
Modular flywheel energy storage arrays that can adjust for the needs of residential, commercial and/or industrial applications. 
150 Wh prototype test run
WINNERS OF CLEANTECH CHALLENGE MEXICO 2017
In November, we were recognized by GreenMomentum as one of the most promising clean technology companies in Mexico.
Send
Feeling energetic? Please share your energy storage project ideas with us.
Kinetech Power Systems is a multi-national company with offices in both Mexico and the United States.
Kinetech Power Systems
info@kinetechpower.com
