Qualifies for one P.A.C.E contact hour
Not Yet Registered?
Patients on Anticoagulation Therapy
The i-STAT System is a portable blood analyzer that delivers
easier access to
vas and evas
Qualifies for one P.A.C.E contact hour
Not Yet Registered?
 Transform the Delivery of Care
 Abbott Point of Care is making a notable difference in people's lives across the world's healthcare delivery settings.
care
on a single with-patient platform
Support For success
We are dedicated to helping you achieve fast, accurate, and cost-effective point-of-care testing in your facility with the i-STAT System. 
© 2016, 2017 Abbott. All Rights Reserved. Please read the Legal Notice for further details. i-STAT is a trademark of Abbott.
Unless otherwise specified, all product and service names appearing in this Internet site are trademarks owned by or licensed to Abbott, its subsidiaries or affiliates. No use of any Abbott trademark, trade name, or trade dress in this site may be made without the prior written authorization of Abbott, except to identify the product or services of the company. Other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Not all products are available in all regions. Check with your local representative for availability in specific markets. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only
Abbott Point of Care Inc. | 400 College Road East | Princeton, NJ 08540
Coumadin® is a registered trademark of Bristol-Myers Squibb.
038670 Rev B 12/16
You are about to exit the Abbott family of websites for a 3rd party website
Links which take you out of Abbott worldwide websites are not under the control of Abbott, and Abbott is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. Abbott is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by Abbott. The website that you have requested also may not be optimised for your screen size.
Do you wish to continue and exit this website?
You are about to enter an Abbott country or region specific website.
Please be aware that the website you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions.
Do you wish to continue and enter this website?
Not optimized for your device
The page you are trying to access is best viewed on a desktop or laptop computer.
Sorry, we couldn't send you the link. Please resubmit your email, or try again later.
Please enter a valid email
Email a link to view later