“It has been 15 years since a treatment was approved in the U.S. for people with Fabry disease. We’re excited to have a second option available for some people living with Fabry Disease.”
Jerry Walter
Founder & President
of our technology platforms.
Innov
tion
We are at the forefront of developing therapies to potentially address significant unmet needs for devastating rare and orphan diseases.
November 12, 2018
October 11, 2018
International News
A Rare Company – Persistence & Resilience
At Amicus Therapeutics, we believe that we should never give up on our mission to help people with rare diseases. This video in our #RareCompany series talks about the importance of persistence & resilience in our daily work of developing medicines and serving the rare disease community.
A Rare Company – Extraordinary Patient Focus
At Amicus, patient-centricity is in our DNA. See how our commitment to patients goes further than just our medicines and expands out to the rare disease community at large.
Working with Amicus provides numerous opportunities to be inventive and purposeful, and where bold thinking and collaboration are highly valued—and expected.
We are currently seeking passionate and qualified candidates in various departments at our global locations.
Our Pipeline
At Amicus we are business led and science driven to deliver meaningful benefits to patients. We believe that our advanced product pipeline and platform technologies uniquely position us at the forefront of developing therapies to potentially address significant unmet needs for devastating rare and orphan diseases.
We are leveraging our innovative technology platforms to develop treatments for human genetic diseases. The scientists researching these methods are dedicated to finding enhanced treatments for patients suffering from these rare diseases. Their passion fuels progress as we work to deliver meaningful benefits.
Committed to delivering meaningful benefits to the rare and orphan disease community, our dedicated leadership team is the driving force behind our developments. They are constantly inspired by others in the rare disease community, and continually aspire to reach new heights.
We are a global biotechnology company at the forefront of advancing therapies for a range of rare and devastating diseases and our excellent team has a very big and a very bold vision.
Each program that we invest in has to have three key characteristics. It has to be in the rare diseases for a devastating disorder, the technology has to have the potential to be first in class or best in class, and the clinical data must be able to provide meaningful benefit for patients.
John F. Crowley
Please confirm you are a US healthcare professional.