This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Your Software Solution to Scale
Our technology platform is your solution to unlock new markets and sell more products — from solar lighting systems to clean cookstoves.
Angaza is revolutionizing product distribution by removing upfront price barriers, enabling 1 billion consumers in emerging markets to pay for life-changing products in affordable amounts. Learn how.
PausePlay
% buffered
00:00
-02:12
UnmuteMute
0.5×
0.75×
Normal
1.25×
1.5×
2×
Optimize your sales performance. Develop lasting relationships with your clients. Accelerate business growth.
The Angaza software platform is a flexible solution for product distributors to catalyze unprecedented growth in emerging markets.
The Angaza Hub
Customizable and designed for ease of use, Angaza’s software enables you to digitize and automate your distribution business and gain powerful data insights about your operations.
Empower your sales agents with mobile tools to sell more products, manage client accounts, and process cash or mobile money payments — even while offline.
Offer your clients top-of-the-line household and income-generating products from leading manufacturers. Sell them on an affordable installment basis or as a cash sale. Angaza’s platform can support any life-changing product, from clean cookstoves to smartphones — and more. Our pay-as-you-go metering and monitoring technology is integrated with a large and growing portfolio of best-in-class solar devices.
Powerful. Flexible. Scalable.
Software built for businesses and optimized for the unique realities of last-mile distribution. Sell more products to more people, whether they live in urban or remote regions.
100+ Partners in Over 30 Countries
Angaza has a growing network of distribution customers across the globe from Nicaragua to Myanmar — and everywhere in between.
The Angaza system is secure, it’s efficient and it’s a game changer for our sales.
Teddy Odindo, Mwezi, Kenya
Why Distributors Use Pay-As-You-Go
Why Distributors Use Pay-As-You-Go Written by Alex Chiang, Software Engineering Manager, Angaza This is a continuing series on using keycode systems to deliver Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) [...]
Engineering Internship: Impacting the Poverty Ladder Written by Colby Harper, Summer 2017 Engineering Intern, Angaza During summer 2017, Colby Harper participated in a software engineering [...]
Discover Angaza’s Engineering Constitution
Written by Bill Finn, Senior Software Engineer, Angaza Here at Angaza, we appreciate the craft in our engineering work. We strive to deliver life-changing products, while [...]
You're now subscribed to the Angaza newsletter