Worldwide Sites
Learn more on a particular business or product by visiting the sites below.Select Region / Language
Avery Dennison Corporation
All Of Us, Every Day
Sustainability requires a team effort. And at Avery Dennison, we're all in.
Transforming our company, supply chain and industry requires collaboration and innovation from our employees, suppliers, customers and partners. Working together, we’ve made progress toward our 2025 sustainability goals.
Girls in STEM
We are a proud sponsor of Cleveland’s Channel 3 WKYC-TV Girls in STEM and encourage today’s young women and all students to explore the rewarding career opportunities in manufacturing and science.
The Avery Dennison Foundation & Corporate Social Responsibility
Anne Hill, SVP/CHRO, shares what community means to her and why she supports the Lily Projecy, an organization dedicated to educating women in Nicaragua about health care, self care, and empowerment.
Our Label and Packaging Materials (LPM) division offers pressure-sensitive label and packaging materials that combines creative expertise and engineering with best-in-class automation techniques to produce solutions whose beauty and performance help enhance some of the world’s most successful brands.
Avery Dennison sets the industry standard in vinyl graphic design and automotive wrap graphics worldwide. From architectural design to vehicle wraps and fleets, our graphic solutions promote creativity and deliver the highest performance for your brand.
Avery Dennison’s technology has been making highway and street safety solutions brighter with prismatic signs since 1924. Our products are all engineered with omni-directional performance allowing for maximum reflectivity from every angle.
Avery Dennison Digital Ink Solutions has an experienced team of product development engineers ready to meet your technical needs. We offer the latest technology and best-in-class ink solutions for the digital print market. Our experienced development staff also specializes in custom ink formulations for graphics and industrial applications.
Avery Dennison RBIS provides end-to-end solutions for some of the most exciting brands, prominent retailers, and state-of-the-art manufacturers in the apparel and footwear industry.
RFID
As the world’s largest UHF RFID partner, Avery Dennison RFID brings advanced efficiency, reliability, and accuracy to our customers’ global supply chains with our industry-leading solutions and technologies. 
Avery Dennison Printer Solutions is committed to providing customers with innovative and sustainable printer and labeler products and supplies that accelerate supply chain performance, increase productivity, and elevate the consumer experience. 
Avery Dennison Performance Tapes is a world-class operation focused on developing and manufacturing high performance pressure-sensitive tapes and adhesive solutions for a broad range of applications, providing innovative technologies, adhesive platforms and products.
Avery Dennison Fastener Solutions offers the largest category of tools and fasteners for garment tagging - quickly and securely attachings brand information. 
Vancive Medical Technologies develops new technology in partnership with healthcare market leaders around the world. We bring expertise in adhesive chemistries, performance characteristics and production technologies focused on pressure-sensitive adhesives for medical applications. 
Eight Values. One Team.
Our culture is the foundation of everything we do at Avery Dennison, and our company values are the basis of that culture. These core values shape our behavior and support our business and people as we continue to grow.
A Wine & Spirits Innovation Day in Spain
The Bodega Gonzalez Byass winery in Jerez de la Frontera, Spain has played host to graphic designers and marketers across the region to share insights into packaging innovations.
Rochambeau x Aaron Curry: Presented by New Museum, Powered by Avery Dennison
We collaborated with Rochambeau to create a unique showcase at the New Museum in New York City, which included an interactive installation featuring a new sculpture by artist Aaron Curry.
Supporting the Avery Dennison Foundation in India
Follow the journey of our Foundation to see first-hand how we support the Smile Foundation and the InvEnt Scholarship program in India.
What started as a bold, creative concept, transformed into an interactive showcase, curating unique experiences through technology and design.
Unilever Launches Love Beauty and Planet
With the help of our CleanFlake™ technology, Unilever is making a little difference towards a happier, less wasteful planet, with every shower.
How Avery Dennison is Helping People See Clearly
Our Performance Tapes experts are helping more and more people around the world see clearly with our Optical Solutions.
Twitter Feed
George Müller-Hof, VP of marketing, LPM Europe, shares our 2025  goals. https://t.co/wdVwTgvPpO
Follow Us
Subscribe to Avery Dennison
Get the latest updates on company news, special updates and promotions.