Committed to helping you meet the evolving challenges and opportunities in patient care.
Perspectives
For more than 85-years, we have worked at the intersection of saving and sustaining lives.
Our Story
Our more than 85-year heritage gives us distinct perspective on the needs of patients and caregivers. We lead today by putting those insights to work to deliver new, better healthcare solutions and access to care in the communities where we live and work.
Patients
captions off, selected
This is a modal window.
This video is either unavailable or not supported in this browser
Error Code: MEDIA_ERR_SRC_NOT_SUPPORTED
Session ID: 2018-12-03:857854e9135b5f45fea36d6c Player Element ID:hero-video
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Text
Color
Transparency
Background
Color
Transparency
Window
Color
Transparency
Done
Close Modal Dialog
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
At the Intersection of Saving and Sustaining Lives
​At Baxter, we believe every person deserves a chance for a healthy life, free from illness and full of possibility. We focus each day on delivering transformative innovations that bring smarter, more personalized care to all of us.
Our Commitment to Healthcare
Our Commitment to Providers and Patients
We work at the critical intersection where innovations that save and sustain lives meet the physicians, nurses and pharmacists who make it happen. We are committed to improving outcomes for patients, and helping our partners meet the evolving challenges and opportunities in healthcare around the world. Learn more about our diverse specialties.
Critical Care
Advanced infusion systems, medicines and technologies to help ensure the right treatment is delivered safely and efficiently to the patient, from the prescription to the bedside
Clinical nutrition solutions formulated to help patients maintain or regain their health
Pioneering therapy options for people with kidney disease, including peritoneal dialysis and hemodialysis
Enabling surgeons and anesthesiologists to act with precision and speed to minimize complications and increase efficiency in the surgical suite
Our products help clinicians be more efficient and effective in treating patients at the hospital bedside, in the operating theater, in the intensive care unit, at home and in the dialysis clinic. Learn more about our diverse product portfolio.
Advancing Modern Healthcare
We are leading global conversations to help improve and personalize healthcare. Insights from our patients, healthcare providers and community partners guide our efforts to deliver meaningful innovations that advance healthcare.
Previous
Finding Strength Through Home Parenteral Nutrition (HPN) Therapy
Jana can often be found with her husband Chase walking their dogs Linus and Jovie in her hometown of Beaumont, Texas. She is a charismatic young woman who leads a very active and social lifestyle, whether it’s getting together with friends or hiking in New Mexico with her bright green backpack. But what many don’t realize is that the backpack Jana’s wearing is an extension of her body, as it carries the nutrients and calories that she will consume for the day. Read More
Patient Story
Remote Patient Management Gives Peritoneal Dialysis Patient Peace of Mind
Didi has lived with diabetes for many years, which can be a leading contributor to kidney disease. Still, learning her kidneys were failing was a shock. Fortunately, she had the support of her family and healthcare providers to explore the therapy options that met her clinical and lifestyle needs. Didi decided home peritoneal dialysis (PD) was the right path for her.
Fostering an Innovative Culture
Our mission to save and sustain lives is reflected in our pioneering legacy and focus on patient-centered innovation. We are passionate about shaping the future and giving back to the communities where we live and work.
We promise to foster innovation, strive for the highest standards of corporate responsibility and support an inclusive and diverse workplace to enable a better tomorrow.
USMP/MG91/18-0006g(1)