Smart Waste & Recycling System
& Prevent Unsightly Overflows with
Smart, Connected Waste Bins
Exactly Where the People Are
University of Florida Works to Reach
its Goal of Zero Waste by 2020 with
Bigbelly's Smart Waste & Recycling
MODERNIZE A CORE CITY SERVICE WITH SMART WASTE & RECYCLING
Bigbelly transforms public space waste management with a cloud-connected system. Stations communicate real-time status to an actionable web-based software. Communities benefit from optimized & streamlined operations, beautified public spaces & reduced carbon footprint.
DEPLOYED IN THE PUBLIC RIGHT-OF-WAY “WHERE THE PEOPLE ARE”
Stations are densely installed across public spaces to capture pedestrian waste & recycling exactly where the people are and keep communities clean. Cities can take advantage of shared space in the smart waste stations to deploy other technologies without adding clutter in dense urban areas.
HIDE SMART APPLICATIONS & INFRASTRUCTURE IN PLAIN SIGHT
Our core infrastructure has a proven form factor and provides a multi-purpose platform capable of hosting smart city technologies and wireless equipment in plain sight and out of the public eye. City-wide deployments enhance the urban experience without negative aesthetic impact.
Communities and solution providers share the challenge of how and where to deploy smart solutions and communications infrastructure in the public right-of-way without additional clutter or negative aesthetic impact.
Enter, Bigbelly
A platform deployed in the public right-of-way that delivers much more than smart waste & recycling. In addition to modernizing a core city service, it is optimal for hosting additional technologies. It is easy to access & can hide technology in plain sight.
Solutions for Cities
Discover how cities transform a core city service and leverage a multi-purpose platform to beautify their public spaces.
Learn how colleges & universities keep their campus clean, deploy sustainable solutions, and reallocate resources
USA Today - Courier Journal
“For the first time in the world, we will enable public visitors and tourists to experience this unique hybrid concept, as well as contribute to keeping our destinations clean and “green”. We are proud and pleased behind Bee’ah’s latest Wi-Fi Bin deployment in the Heart of Sharjah, which reflects our commitment to positioning Sharjah as a true tourism and investment destination in the region, as well as a leading destination for “green” initiatives.”
Emirates 24/7
“In cities everywhere we’re deploying waste and recycle management stations though a partner called Bigbelly. As a result, this ends up being a location where we can extend that site to allow other equipment to be deployed right there at that location. Where there’s waste and recycling, there’s densities of people. That also means there’s densities of mobile devices. Within a cabinet like this, we have the ability to provide a fair amount of equipment space so we can load equipment in there and deliver multi-carrier small cell solutions all concealed right on the streetscape.”
RCR Wireless News
“It’s a trash and recycling bin that doubles as your free link to the world, which Louisville officials say is the first innovation of its kind to be deployed in the world. Mayor Greg Fischer joined business leaders and online entrepreneurs to unveil two Big Belly compaction waste units Wednesday that have been converted into solar-powered wireless 4G hot spots. The bins will bring free Internet access to residents, businesses and visitors of the Russell neighborhood in western Louisville at two of TARC’s busiest bus stops along Mark Street at the intersections of 25th and 28th streets.”
USA Today - Courier Journal
“For the first time in the world, we will enable public visitors and tourists to experience this unique hybrid concept, as well as contribute to keeping our destinations clean and “green”. We are proud and pleased behind Bee’ah’s latest Wi-Fi Bin deployment in the Heart of Sharjah, which reflects our commitment to positioning Sharjah as a true tourism and investment destination in the region, as well as a leading destination for “green” initiatives.”
Emirates 24/7
“In cities everywhere we’re deploying waste and recycle management stations though a partner called Bigbelly. As a result, this ends up being a location where we can extend that site to allow other equipment to be deployed right there at that location. Where there’s waste and recycling, there’s densities of people. That also means there’s densities of mobile devices. Within a cabinet like this, we have the ability to provide a fair amount of equipment space so we can load equipment in there and deliver multi-carrier small cell solutions all concealed right on the streetscape.”
RCR Wireless News
“It’s a trash and recycling bin that doubles as your free link to the world, which Louisville officials say is the first innovation of its kind to be deployed in the world. Mayor Greg Fischer joined business leaders and online entrepreneurs to unveil two Big Belly compaction waste units Wednesday that have been converted into solar-powered wireless 4G hot spots. The bins will bring free Internet access to residents, businesses and visitors of the Russell neighborhood in western Louisville at two of TARC’s busiest bus stops along Mark Street at the intersections of 25th and 28th streets.”
USA Today - Courier Journal
Lifecycle Stage
Yes, I would like to receive email communications from Bigbelly. (Bigbelly needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Please see our  Privacy Policy at www.bigbelly.com/privacy.)*
Bigbelly, Inc.
Needham, MA  |  02494  |  USA