Biocon is Asia’s premier biopharmaceutical company that is driven by the vision to make a difference to global healthcare through improved access to high quality, life-saving biotherapeutics by making them affordable for patients across the world.
We have evolved from manufacturing pharmaceuticals like statins and immunosuppresants, to discovering, developing and producing biologics in chronic therapies such as diabetes, oncology and immunology for global markets. This has translated into a diversified and differentiated pipeline of fermentation-derived complex generics, biosimilars that include insulins and monoclonal antibodies, and novel biologics.
Biocon is among the few companies globally to have received approvals for its biosimilars from developed countries like the U.S., EU, Australia and Japan. Our credibility as a serious player in the biosimilars sector was first established with the Japanese approval for Insulin Glargine. The credibility was enhanced when Biocon, along with partner Mylan, became the first globally to get biosimilar Trastuzumab and Pegfilgrastim approved in the U.S. in 2017 and 2018, respectively. We were also among the first few to receive Insulin Glargine approval in Europe and Australia for Insulin Glargine, both in partnership with Mylan. We have also established our presence in key emerging markets through safe, effective and high quality biosimilars including recombinant human insulin.
A combination of specialized talent, state-of-the-art research and manufacturing infrastructure and a culture of deep science and regulatory compliance have differentiated us in the marketplace and given us a distinct competitive edge. It has also led to Biocon being recognized as a credible global biopharmaceuticals player.
Biocon Q2FY19 Performance Highlights by Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, CMD, Biocon
Keynote Address delivered by Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, CMD, Biocon at the GAP Summit 2018
Biocon: Engaged in Affordable
Innovation for Global Impact
October 25, 2018 
September 22, 2018 
July 26, 2018 