Move the light, not the fiber
Solutions
LightConnect™ Fabric Virtual POD Data Centers
Multi-Tenant Datacenters
Media Production Datacenters
SDN Optical Transport and DCI Networks
CALIENT-ADARA SDN Transport POI
Test Lab Fiber Automation
Service Provider Networks
Products
S Series Optical Circuit Switch
OEM Subsystem Solutions
LightConnect™ Fabric Manager
Support
Support Request
Professional Services
Resources
Datasheets
Application Notes
White Papers
OCS in Datacenter Architecture Papers
Videos and Podcasts
Request a Quote
My Account
Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Partners
Careers
News
Press Releases
Upcoming Events
Articles
Blog
Contact
New Privacy Policy
Use of this site indicates your agreement. Click 
here
 for more information.
The LightConnect™ Fabric V-Pod Data Center
Optical Layer Orchestration Software Supports Flexible Reallocation of Expensive Servers, Accelerators, Storage, and Test Devices
The new LightConnect™ Fabric V-Pod Data Center can significantly improve server and storage operational efficiency, resulting in big reductions in data center capital investment. Powered by CALIENT’s S-Series Optical Circuit Switches and the new LightConnect™ Fabric Manager, the V-Pod architecture allows expensive compute resources to be reallocated and shared between Pods in the data center.
The LightConnect™ Fabric Manager
The LightConnect™ Fabric Manager provides software management of the dynamic optical layer in OCS-powered LightConnect™ Fabric networks. Core functions include a Topology Manager and a Cross-Connect Manager.The Fabric Manager also maintains a consolidated dashboard summary with operational status of all optical circuit switches including alarms, events, and port utilization levels.
The SDN Transport & DCI Network
Deploying CALIENT’s Optical Circuit Switches at the edges of MAN/WAN networks between vendor and domain boundaries allows Service Providers and Data Centers to virtualize all of the resources in their optical transport networks. This means that the substantial operational and economic benefits of multilayer optimization can be realized today, independent of network and vendor domain boundaries including legacy networks.
The S-Series Optical Circuit Switch Family
The S-Series switch is optimized for data center applications and features dramatic size and power reduction. The S-Series family has been deployed in the worlds largest cloud data centers and media production networks and builds on CALIENT’s success in Tier 1 Cloud and Network Service Provider networks. Available in 320×320, and 160×160 port versions, the S-Series product line is the most deployed optical switching solution in the industry.
Featured Whitepapers
Flexible SDN Transport Networks with Optical Circuit Switching
Service Providers and Data Centers can achieve multi-layer optimization today with Optical Circuit Switching.
Download PDF
LightConnect™ Fabric V-Pod Data Center
Breakthrough Operational Efficiency Improvement For Data Centers
Download PDF
Latest News
 - 
 - 
Featured Videos and Podcasts
Home
Solutions
Products
Support
Resources
Company
News
Blog
Contact
 Linkedin
YouTube
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Newsletter Subscription
Name
First
Last
Email
*
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Site Map
Contact
Legal/Privacy
Log in
 / 
Register
 © 2018        CALIENT Technologies        