Grown from liquid, crafted by light + oxygen. With our revolutionary Digital Light Synthesis™ technology, Carbon and adidas are shaping the future of how footwear is being made with adidas 4d.
Introducing the Carbon SpeedCell™
The SpeedCell™ is a system of connected manufacturing unit operations that enables repeatable production of end-use parts at any scale. The M Series printers and the automated Smart Part Washer are the first in a series of modular offerings that allow a wide range of industries to design, engineer, make and deliver end-use parts with one common manufacturing workflow.
Factory of the Future
Whether you are iterating on advanced product designs or producing parts at scale, you can configure a SpeedCell™ system that is right for your business. Printing and part washing are the first in a growing suite of automated, data-rich SpeedCell™ unit operations.
M2 Printer
With a build volume measuring 7.4" x 4.6" x 12.8" (189mm x 118mm x326mm), manufacturing features, and Carbon's groundbreaking Digital Light Synthesis™ technology, M2 is the perfect printer for your SpeedCell™ system.
2x Build Volume
The M2 features twice the build volume as the M1, allowing for larger parts, higher throughput, and lower part cost, all with the same high resolution pixels (75 µm) and isotropic prints as Carbon’s pioneering M1 printer.
Manufacturing Ready & Extensible
M2 features high reliability hardware, the Carbon Connector expansion port for smart accessories, and compatibility with workflow automation.
Next-Gen Software & Predictive Service
Carbon’s modern software brings our hardware and materials together into a powerful, easy-to-use system and enables our industry-leading predictive service.
Smart Part Washer
Part washing is the newest unit operation in the Carbon SpeedCell™ system.
Maximize Part Quality and Yield
With optimized wash protocols, every part is consistently cleaned with minimal manual labor, resulting in lower per part cost.
Smart and Connected
Manufacturing at Scale
The Smart Part Washer delivers simple, repeatable part washing, enabling manufacturing at scale and environmental stewardship.
More than a machine
With a Carbon subscription, your hardware is paired with industry-leading predictive service, our full suite of materials, and continually updated next-generation software.
Materials
Featuring the widest range of properties in additive manufacturing, our materials uniquely combine high resolution, exceptional surface quality, and mechanical properties tuned for production. From consumer product elastomers to high-temperature automotive materials, our offering is growing at an unprecedented rate.
Pricing
We built our business around a subscription pricing model to ensure that our success is tied to the success of our customers. The subscription future-proofs our customers from the obsolescence of traditional capital equipment purchases. With a Carbon subscription, your device is paired with our industry-leading service, compatibility with all of our materials, and continual software updates. It also makes it possible to leverage current products without losing the ability to upgrade as new products are released.
Bringing 3D Manufacturing to Life
Carbon is working with today’s largest brands and leading innovators to help make their most advanced thinking a practical reality. Here are some of those stories:
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.