Contact
Deutsch
Medical Technology
For Healthcare Professionals
For Patients
Medical Technology
For Investors & Analysts
For Healthcare Professionals
For Patients
Contact
Deutsch
You are here:
Home
Home
Annual Report 2016/17
More
Annual General Meeting 2018
Voting results
More
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG
An investment in the future of health
Improving patients' quality of life
Latest News
Medical Technology Made by ZEISS
The Medical Technology activities of ZEISS are bundled under the umbrella of the TecDAX-listed company Carl Zeiss Meditec AG. This corporate website provides information on the performance of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG with dedicated investor relations services and services for media professionals.
With headquarters in Jena (Germany) and operating sites and subsidiaries in Germany, France, Spain, the USA and Japan the company has a direct presence in the world in major markets. The company can also exploit the Carl Zeiss group`s powerful global distribution network.
ZEISS Introduces New Advances in Astigmatism Management and Glaucoma Imaging at American Academy of Ophthalmology Annual Meeting
  
ZEISS Announces U.S. launch of Total Keratometry (TK
Carl Zeiss Meditec to Acquire IanTECH, Inc. to expand its portfolio in cataract surgery 
  
ZEISS to enhance its portfolio of Surgical Ophthalmology solutions, further positioning the Company as a global innovation leader and solution provider in the full space of ophthalmology. 
Inventor of ENT surgical microscopes heralds digital age in visualization 
  
TIVATO 700 and EXTARO 300 from ZEISS launch emerging workflow-enhancing augmentation concepts to ENT
Visit our Medical Technology website for detailed product information
ZEISS Medical Technology
Products & Solutions
Carl Zeiss Meditec Share
Be informed about the performance, key facts and the shareholder structure.
Show Detailed Data
Recent Annual Report
Annual Report
Annual Report, short version
Annual Financial Statements 2016/17
All Financial Reports
Globally Operating in the Fields of Ophthalmology and Microsurgery
Two Pillars of Business & Markets
The main activities of Carl Zeiss Meditec AG are located in the field of Ophthalmology and Microsurgery.
In Ophthalmology, the Company offers mainly products and solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of eye diseases, as well as systems and consumables for cataract, retinal and refractive surgery. In Microsurgery the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group provides visualization solutions for minimally invasive surgical treatments.
Ophthalmology & Optometry
Products and solutions to handle the diagnosis, progress monitoring, treatment and follow-up treatment of different ophthalmic syndromes.
more
Microsurgery
Visualization systems for minimally invasive surgical treatments and intraoperative radiation therapy.
more
Actively Shaping Technological Change
How Carl Zeiss Meditec AG supports customers with innovations on a global basis
Markets
The Carl Zeiss Meditec Group has operations all over the world. With headquarters in Jena (Germany) and operating sites and subsidiaries in Germany, France, Spain, the USA and Japan the company has a direct presence in the world’s most important markets.
more
Milestones & Innovations
Research and development plays an important role within the Carl Zeiss Meditec Group. Our objective is to enable our customers and physicians to continuously improve treatment results through improvements in efficiency and innovative new products.
more
Responsibility
We define responsibility-based management as the balance between economic interest and ecological and social requirements. We focus on activities creating added value for patients, doctors, employees and shareholders.
more
Not all products, services or offers are approved or offered in every market and approved labelling and instructions may vary from one country to another. For country specific product information, see the appropriate country website.

          This is a code assigned to all external communications materials, to assist in tracking and monitoring during the internal approval process.
        

            This is a code assigned to all external communications materials, to assist in tracking and monitoring during the internal approval process.
          