CBRITE is a technology and product company Headquartered in Santa Barbara, California.  It has an extensive portfolio of over 110 patents based on its unique and proprietary Metal Oxide Thin Film Transistor (MOTFT) technology.  CBRITE uses its proprietary technology to develop, produce and sell products for the following markets:
CBRITE’s High Performance MOTFTs Enables New Applications and Expands Markets
CBRITE’s transistors have very high performance (high mobility, fast switching, high stability),  and can be fabricated on low cost glass substrates by using existing, already capitalized,  large area glass LCD display manufacturing lines.   In fact, CBRITE’s MOTFTs have been demonstrated to be over 10X less costly than a CMOS or LTPS device of comparable size, and can switch 100X faster than Amorphous Silicon.  The mobility is 5-10 times higher than other MOFTFs, with significantly higher device stability.
This combination of high performance, stability and dramatically lower cost is unique in the industry, which gives CBRITE a significant competitive advantage over alternate technologies such as LTPS, CMOS, IGZO and Amorphous Silicon.  This capability creates opportunities in market segments such as Digital X-Ray, Biosensors, and Next Gen Displays which today have limited application adoption due to high cost, low performance or both.   CBRITE’s product offerings will enable new applications, greater adoption and market expansion in these segments.
Performance vs Cost comparison for 3D detector panels
CBRITE is currently developing digital flat panel X-ray detectors compatible with the 2D and 3D digital X-Ray systems of all the main providers such as Varian, Phillips, Siemens and GE Medical.  The medical X-ray market for TFT backpanels is currently a billion dollar market and expected to grow by 13% YOY over the next 5-10 years.
Leveraging our strategic alliance with an established, high quality, low cost thin film glass substrate supplier, CBRITE expects to deliver its first detectors for these applications in 2017.
CBRITE’s digital detectors offer unmatched advantages because they provide higher sensitivity and faster switching by factors of 100 for a much lower cost than competitive offerings.  This enables much faster scans with unprecedented image quality, thereby improving the doctor’s diagnosis, which in turn drives higher usage and more adoption of such systems. Competitive offerings either take scans which are so slow that they are not practical, are too expensive by an order of magnitude, or have fabrication issues that limit detector size which in turn limits image area.
These high resolution imaging systems are not limited to the medical industry.   Variants of these types of systems are starting to emerge in the Security Market for the detection of explosives and other threats.  This market is expected to grow dramatically to $1 billion by 2025.
For all these areas, CBRITE’s digital flat panel X-ray detectors will be a critical key component to help drive adoption, usage and growth of these systems.
Operating and Capital Cost Comparison for systems using CBRITE’s OneChip and those used for conventional Biopsy and Low Dose CT imaging
CBRITE is in development to provide a biosensor chipset called OneChip which will perform all the necessary functions used for liquid biopsies in cancer testing and non-invasive prenatal testing.   The use of liquid biopsies for cancer testing is rapidly gaining acceptance and is expected to grow from a $2 Billion market today to $10 Billion by 2020.
What sets OneChip apart from the rest of the competition, is that it is the key enabler of a dramatically new low cost and simple diagnostic system which allows for more cancer testing in many locations outside of hospitals like doctor’s offices and clinics – even in countries like China and India.  Using CBRITE’s MOTFT, this unique device can function without a complex fluidic network, thereby enabling systems which can cost 10 to 100X less than conventional biopsies and CT imaging.
This is a true game changer in “Personalized Medicine” and cancer testing in general.  The technique is also applicable for non invasive pre-natal testing, reducing the need for high risk procedures like amniocentesis.
Customers for OneChip are hospitals, clinical laboratories, and potentially doctor’s offices, as well as a companion diagnostic for pharmaceutical companies.  The first version of the chipset which will detect rare cells will be delivered in 2018, and the completed chipset will ship in 2021.