We use cookies and other technologies on our website to offer you the full functionality of our website. By the use of our website you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, please see our privacy policy .
Search
Product & Material Highlights
BIOLOX®
More than 40 years of experience in ceramic hip replacement components and more than 15 million components implanted worldwide.
With the acquisition of the Electro-Ceramics Div. from Morgan Technical Ceramics, CeramTec has broadened its range of materials and products.
SPK® Cutting Materials and Tools
Discover the wide range of solutions – for the vehicle industry, wind power, aerospace, machine, plant engineering and other industries.
triduon®
triduon® cartridges with a heart of Ceramdisc® ceramic seal discs are Made in Germany and offer an excellent comfort zone.
CeramTec developed a silicon nitride material and production method to mass produce ceramic bearing rollers at very affordable costs.
ALOTEC®
Longer life for parts that are subject to high stress: Enduring wear and corrosion protection solutions for industrial plants with ceramic materials.
Dielectric and Capacitors
Our extensive range of Dielectric Ceramic Materials are used in high voltage capacitors and microwave components for industrial and medical markets.
ALOSLIDE®
The ski jump inrun track system with ceramic nubs for ski jumping events all year round, regardless of the weather and snow conditions.
A transparent Advanced Ceramic with a number of extra­ordinary mechanical, chemical, thermal and optical properties.
2018-11-27
Celebrating for a good cause at CeramTec: The Marktredwitz location used this year’s summer party as a platform for a joint campaign with the “Allianz for Kids in Bavaria” association and donated 1,000 euros. Social engagement is a priority at CeramTec. The team at the Marktredwitz location is no exception, and they came up with something special for this year’s summer party.
2018-12-03
Meet the ceramics experts at trade fairs, exhibitions, conferences and events around the world. Explore the world of advanced ceramics and the versatile uses of technical ceramics in automotive engineering, electronics, energy and environment, machine and plant construction, and medical technology. The ceramic experts are happy to welcome you!
Never search for Downloads again. Nearly all pages offer recommended downloads, like brochures, information and material data based on the content of the actual page.
The chapters of this manual include an overview of materials, manufacturing processes, ceramic-oriented component design and helpful examples for applications.
…Advanced Ceramics Be Found? Our new brochure about ceramics in our world answers the question where technical ceramics deliver peak performance every day.
The CeramTec Group
The CeramTec Group is represented worldwide by its many sites, subsidiaries and representative offices, where we speak your language and understand the local market.
CeramTec Corporate Video
Titled “Who we are and what we do” the new corporate video features who and what makes CeramTec a leading supplier of advanced ceramics for over a century now.
Advanced Ceramics require advanced quality standards – CeramTec’s commitment to quality is an integral part of the company’s management policy and is documented in numerous certificates.
Theme Portals