28-9-2017
Minnesota USA, and Singapore, Singapore – Cima NanoTech filed for voluntary receivership earlier this year in Minnesota, USA. A restructuring firm was assigned to take monetize the assets for the benefit of Cima Nanotech Inc’s creditors. The company’s employees have been let go.
About Cima NanoTech
Cima NanoTech developed and manufactured high-performance, next-generation transparent conductive film solutions based on SANTE® self-assembling nanoparticle technology. The rapid commercialization of this unique technology with key partners enables new products for a multitude of markets and applications, including large projected capacitive touch screens, transparent antennas for the Internet of Things (IoT) and other applications, transparent EMI shielding and transparent heating.
Awards
March 2015
May 2014
May 2013
November 2008
April 2005
Jon Brodd
FOUNDER AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER (CEO)
Jon Brodd founded Cima NanoTech Inc. in 2003 and the company was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer in 2008. Jon developed Cima NanoTech into a global company, establishing and driving international collaborations in Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China, Singapore, Israel and the United States, as well as manufacturing partnerships with leading industrial companies. Prior to establishing Cima NanoTech, Jon was the team leader for the development of IR multi-layer optical films in 3M. He was also a leading member of 3M’s Nano-Scale Multi-Layer Optical Films (MOF) Strategic Steering Committee and led international teams of scientist, engineers and business managers to develop and launch Nano-Scale MOF products in major markets globally. Prior to 3M, Jon was a partner in an M&A firm, has travelled and worked abroad for over 30 years. He holds an MBA in Marketing and Strategic Management from the University of Minnesota, and continued education at Stanford University.
X
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER (CFO)
Choo Beng Lor has 19 years of accounting experience, including 6 years with a Big 4 accounting firm. Prior to heading Cima NanoTech, he was a senior executive of public-listed companies and has taken companies public on the Hong Kong and Singapore Exchanges. Choo is a Chartered Accountant of Singapore, and graduated from Nanyang Technological University with a Bachelor’s Degree in Accountancy (Honours).
X
CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER (COO)
Kelly Ingham has more than 12 years of experience as a Senior Marketing Executive at start-up companies and multi-nationals. Prior to joining Cima NanoTech, Ingham was leading 3M’s New Business Development for Asia Pacific in LED technology, LCD optical films, projection systems, transportation, and medical devices. Ingham graduated from Cornell University with an MBA in Strategy and Marketing.
X
CHIEF SCIENTIST
Arkady Garbar holds a Ph.D. in Inorganic and Physical Chemistry at the Verdansky Institute of Geochemistry and Analytical Chemistry, USSR Academy of Sciences, Moscow and an M.S. in Chemistry from Moscow State University. His expertise includes the synthesis, high purification and processing of substances for electronics and optoelectronics applications.
X
ADVISOR
Carolyn Bates was previously Assistant Chief Intellectual Property Counsel at 3M and also served as General Counsel of Imation Corp from 1996 to 1998. She has over 30 years of experience in the practice of intellectual property law and in the drafting and negotiation of complex business agreements.  She is also registered to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
X
VICE-PRESIDENT, SALES AND GENERAL MANAGER CIMA NANOTECH (USA)
Thomas Chang has over 15 years of experience in technology solution sales, key account management, business development, channel management, product marketing, and executive sales management. He spent the majority of his distinguished career with 3M, servicing the electrical/electronic industry. Prior to joining Cima Nanotech, he was responsible for creating and growing an effective distribution channel for Sensys Networks Inc., a pioneer in wireless vehicle detection and traffic data systems.
X
GENERAL MANAGER CIMA NANOTECH  (KOREA)
Cho Kyoung Suk brings many years of experience to the team. Prior to joining Cima NanoTech, Kyoung Suk was General Manager in Hyosung Corporation, and Senior Researcher in Samsung, Rohm and Haas, and SK Chemicals. He has experience in business development, strategy development, M&A and investment as well as in R&D of electronic materials for flat panel display and laser printer. Kyoung Suk received a Master of Science in Management Studies from MIT Sloan School of Management and Master and Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Seoul National University.
X
Zach Frenkel
VICE PRESIDENT, R&D OPERATIONS AND GENERAL MANAGER CIMA NANOTECH (ISRAEL)
Zach Frenkel has an extensive background in operations and project management with specific experience in the chemical and plastic industry.
Zach has been with Cima Nanotech since it was first established in 2004. He was involved in the research and development of the company’s products, from the development stage up to manufacturing. Among other responsibilities, he was in charge of the technology transfer and establishment of the powders and dispersion production at the Japan site.
Prior to Cima Nanotech, Zach worked as a manufacturing and project manager at Tosaf Compounds Ltd, a global leader in developing and manufacturing high quality additives, compounds and color master batches for the plastics industry.
Zach holds a degree in industrial engineering from the Technion, the Israel Institute of Technology.
X
VICE PRESIDENT PRODUCT APPLICATIONS & GENERAL MANAGER CIMA NANOTECH (CHINA)
David Bordui is a semiconductor industry professional with over 25 years of experience in electronic hardware, firmware, software design and technical team management. Bordui comes to Cima NanoTech as a 12-year veteran of Cypress Semiconductor, where he held several roles including lead applications design engineer – executing Cypress’ first mass production Touch Screen design wins, and numerous CapSense, USB, and mixed-signal microcontroller designs for Cypress’ Tier-1 customers. Later, Mr. Bordui became the Senior Manager of Cypress’ Global Touch Screen Applications teams throughout the United States, Europe and Asia. Bordui is a graduate of the University of Central Florida in Electronics Engineering, and AJI Networks Business Professionals programs.
X
GENERAL MANAGER CIMA NANOTECH (TAIWAN)
Henry Liu is responsible for building sales, growing technology application and managing key partners and collaboration.
Prior to joining Cima NanoTech, Henry was the Sales Manager of 3M Taiwan. With a strong knowledge of both product development and optical technology, he was involved in exploring new business opportunities with companies such as AU Optronics, Quanta and acer. He also managed a diverse product portfolio, including mobile projection, specialty display and optical imaging touch solutions. In addition, Henry has former experience at DuPont in photovoltaic metallization paste sales and at BenQ in TFT LCD panel strategic sourcing.
Henry holds a Master’s Degree from Pennsylvania State University in Industrial Engineering and in his free time, Henry is a River Trekking instructor in Taiwan.
X
GENERAL MANAGER CIMA NANOTECH (JAPAN)
Keisuke Oyama has almost 30 years of sales and marketing experience in the semiconductor field. He started his career with Toshiba where he was in-charge of overseas business before his move to Infineon Technologies Japan. In the last 10 years, Oyama san has held the position of Country Manager (Japan) for several foreign-based companies like Ikanos Communications, IDT, Pericom Semiconductor, N-trig Ltd., etc. where he helped to penetrate the Japan market. The biggest success among them was the IPO of Ikanos Communications with major revenue contribution coming from Japan.
His recent business expertise is in touch-related businesses and he achieved major business wins such as Sony and Fujitsu during his 3 years in N-trig. He joined Cima Nanotech Japan as Sales Director in Jun, 2015.
X