Duplex Plug & Play™ provides a simple, pre-engineered, and standardized direct burner replacement solution for traditional refinery heaters where Duplex™ technology can be applied to great benefit. Unlike existing burner solutions, the evolution of Duplex technology into an off-the-shelf product reduces the customized engineering associated with typical retrofits while delivering unparalleled low emissions and the elimination of flame impingement.
The Plug & Play design is ideal for vertical process heaters and can be configured for a variety of gaseous fuels including natural gas, refinery fuels, and field or waste gas.
This unique “Plug & Play” design can be easily retrofitted to replace existing burners and can be inserted into an existing burner opening even while the heater is operational — on-the-fly and without the need for a costly shutdown.
Duplex Plug & Play™ brings NOx levels to below 5 ppm and eliminates flame impingement on process and shock tubes as well as burner-to burner interaction problems common among typical low-emission burners. Performance is achieved without the use of so-called “staged combustion,” excess air, catalyst, flue gas recirculation or other similar methods for reducing NOx and CO emissions within industrial fired heaters.
It's Clean.
Duplex Technology is the simplest solution on the market for reducing NOx to less than 5ppm while improving all other critical performance factors.
It's Efficient.
Unlike traditional burner technology, Duplex is the only combustion solution that improves system efficiency.
It's low cost.
Duplex technology is by far the lowest-cost method of reducing emissions from combustion sources. It comprises a simple retrofit. Let us install the Duplex system solution.
Duplex™ technology offers SCR-level performance at a fraction of the cost.
Optimising Enclosed Flares
Providing a hot surface some distance away from the introduction of fuel and air in enclosed flares can allow for sufficient mixing prior to ignition. Joe Colannino, ClearSign Combustion, USA, explains how in the January 2018 issue of Hydrocarbon Engineering.
Joe Colannino and Roberto Ruiz, ClearSign Combustion, USA, introduce an innovative piece of technology that was able to help a Californian refinery reduce its NOX emissions in the July 2017 issue of Hydrocarbon Engineering.
A simple, innovative approach to combustion systems.
How do we do it?
The secret of Duplex Technology lies in the thousands of small chambers that make up a Duplex tile. Each holds a tiny flame burning with far more efficiency than a single large flame.
The result is a more efficient radiant heat profile that eases stress on burner parts while improving combustion efficiency and increasing maximum throughput potential.
The Duplex tiles radiate uniform heat. The roar of the turbulent flame becomes a whisper and harmful gases and particulates are prevented from ever forming in the first place.
Duplex is the most capable and beneficial combustion technology on the market.
A typical burner configuration produces a turbulent cloud of fire. Inside the flame cloud, the mix of oxygen to fuel is inconsistent throughout, resulting in relatively poor combustion and the production of undesirable gases and particulates. Dangerous hotspots can form within the chamber and stress burner parts. It is not uncommon for stressed parts to fail catastrophically and risk injury or death. Repairs can take weeks. Due to this risk, maintenance must be performed frequently. However, each shut-down period is costly in terms of man-power, equipment, and lost productivity.
At ClearSign, we wanted to find a way to reduce criteria emissions while addressing the challenge of cost, inefficiency and maintenance down-time. We did just that. And you’re going to love our solution.
By contrast, Duplex products improve the air-to-fuel mix by greatly expanding the mixing zone for optimal performance. The combustion that occurs within the Duplex tiles is much more complete. As a result, Duplex technology reduces NOx emissions to levels that meet or beat the most stringent environmental regulations found anywhere in the world.
Since the Duplex technology operates as a black or grey body, heat is radiated more efficiently than a raw flame. Therefore, unlike a typical burner flame, heat is radiated in a manner that will never impinge upon furnace process tubes, resulting in fewer maintenance cycles, fewer outages, and more production. Duplex technology is the first of a series of ClearSign developed platforms that virtually eliminate criteria pollutants while increasing operational efficiency in industrial combustion applications.
Reduce pollution.
Prevent harmful gases and particulates from ever forming in the first place.
Reduce Maintenance.
Improve performance.
Eliminate costly downstream equipment that cuts into your bottom line.
Return on Investment.
Duplex is the only combustion system that pays for itself. Period.
Press Releases
First Name :
Last Name :
Email Address :