 View PDF Catalog 
US: 800-325-1051 | CAN: 877-947-7117
Menu 
Home
Products
Floor Care
Floor Care Dry
Floor Care Wet
Food Service Equipment
General Cleaning
Material Handling
Microfiber
Recycling
Restroom Care
Waste Collection
Literature
SDS
About Us
Locations
Careers
Customer Portal
Contact Us
Lobby Dust Pan 
Shop Lobby Dust Pan
Swivel Snap Dust
Mop Handle 
Shop Dust Mop Handle
Tie-Free Disposable
Dust Mop 
Shop Disposable Dust Mop
Huskee Powerrotor
Floor Sweeper 
Shop Powerrotor Floor Sweeper
35 qt. Splash Guard
Side-Press Combo 
Shop Side-Press Combo
26 qt. Splash Guard
Side-Press Combo 
Shop Side-Press Combo
Choice Cut-End
Wet Mop 
Shop Choice Cut-End Wet Mop
Wet Floor
Caution Sign 
Shop Wet Floor Caution Sign
Janitors' Cleaning Cart 
Shop Janitors' Cleaning Cart
ProSafe Sprayer 
Shop ProSafe Sprayer
Huskee Bucket 
Shop Huskee Bucket
Plastic Hand-Held
Dust Pan 
Shop Hand-Held Dust Pan
Floor Care – Dry
A properly maintained floor is the best way to avoid slip and fall injuries. We have the most comprehensive Floor Care – Dry products offered in the industry, with all the tools you need to keep your floor looking good and your customers impressed.
Floor Care – Wet
A properly maintained floor is the best way to avoid slip and fall injuries. We have the most comprehensive Floor Care – Wet products offered in the industry, with all the tools you need to keep your floor looking good and your customers impressed.
Food Service
Our line of food storage products provides convenient and long-lasting solutions for managing large quantities of ingredients. Keep your food prep and dining areas clean and organized with these high-quality, effective tools.
General Cleaning
For decades we have been a dependable source for all things cleaning Our lineup provides all the tools needed to ensure a clean and sanitary facility.
Material Handling
Almost everything in your facility is moving constantly. We make moving things easy, without hurting your back, or your bottom line.
Microfiber
For decades we have been a dependable source for all things cleaning. Our lineup provides all the tools needed to ensure a clean and sanitary facility at an amazing value.
Recycling
Recycle containers made with post-consumer resin. These durable products stand the test of time.
Restroom Care
For decades we have been a dependable source for all things cleaning Our lineup provides all the tools needed to ensure a clean and sanitary facility.
Waste Collection
A complete line of indoor and outdoor trash receptacles, including recycle containers made with post-consumer resin. These durable products stand the test of time.
TOP PRODUCTS
Huskee Waste Receptacle
Universal Dolly
Down Press Wringer Combo
 Top
Continental Commercial Products
Continental Commercial Products is a leading global supplier and manufacture of plastic and textile goods. We provide solutions to the industrial, healthcare, institutional, commercial, education, and government markets
Contact us
11840 Westline Industrial Dr
©2018 Continental Commercial Products. All rights reserved.