­
do you believe the sun has the power to change the world?
Cool Earth Solar
solar for tomorrow
Cool Earth Solar develops and builds solar power plants that are clean, renewable, and good for the planet!
We accomplish this in two ways.
Commercial Solar
We install solar at commercial and industrial sites, which are ideally suited for solar given their large energy use and expansive roofs and property. We also develop large ground mount solar power plants at farms/ranches or for connection to the Utility Grid. Please see our project page for more information!
Residential Solar
We build solar projects for homeowners and residential properties! Please check out our project gallery below to see some of our recent projects. We can build one for you!
why cool earth?
we believe everyone should have affordable and abundant energy from a clean renewable source
what we do
We provide a full turnkey solar project for our customers. We perform a complete package of project services, including site survey, financial analysis, engineering and design, permitting, procurement, construction, utility interconnection, start-up and commissioning, plant monitoring, and on-going operation and maintenance.
Equipment
We only use the best solar equipment available on the market for our solar projects! We proudly use SunPower solar modules, and SolarEdge and SMA inverters.
Engineering and Design
All engineering and design services are performed by professional licensed engineers. Electrical Engineering is at the heart of our solar power plants, and it is performed 100% by the Cool Earth team.
We take pride in our construction projects. Quality construction work delivers a solar plant that performs well and lasts for over 25 years. All construction work is performed by the Cool Earth team of professionals.
It's important to monitor power plant performance and validate the significant financial benefits of going solar. Proper operation and maintenance insures reliable production and long life.
what is sustainability?
balancing local and global efforts to meet basic human needs without destroying or degrading the natural environment
let us build
just for you
We are so proud of the solar projects that we have built for our customers! Please let us show off a few
cool facts about solar
we want more solar
surveys say that nine out of ten Americans think the United States should develop and use more solar energy
solar growth
there is over 40 GW of solar in the US. In 2016, 39% of all new electricity generation capacity in the country came from solar, more than any other source
solar energy is abundant
though the sun is 90 million miles from the earth, it takes less than 10 minutes for light to travel such a great distance
let us build
just for you
We are so proud of the solar projects that we have built for our customers! Please let us show off a few
cool earth solar community
5
number of new team members we added in 2017. And we are still hiring!
1000
number of solar panels we installed this year in our largest solar project, so far
our team is awesome
here are just a few of them
Cool Earth Solar is powered by a team of highly motivated individuals with deep skill sets, a team of problem solvers focused on implementing a new and better solution to one of the world's most pressing challenges: the energy crisis. Together, we are dedicated to developing improved solar technologies and building a better designed solar power plant that will make solar energy the competitive cost choice against traditional fossil fuels.
Rob Lamkin
News
Timeline Post News
We like to promote solar, our customers, and a clean environment.
May 08, 2015
November 15, 2014
August 13, 2014
April 05, 2014
High quality of life, lower rents, and a brilliant workforce are luring start-ups to the east bay. Meet the fearless pioneers who are staking their claim.
March 02, 2012
(925) 223-8547
Contact Us
please stay in touch
LinkedIn