Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
My Account
Innovative solutions that have redefined dental care
Pioneering and revolutionizing dentistry with trusted brands that have empowered dental professionals to provide better, safer, and faster care for over 100 years.
Preventive
Pioneered ultrasonic scaling to increase the speed, effectiveness and comfort of cleaning
Restorative
Invented both the world’s leading bulk fill composite and sectional matrix system, making direct restorations easier and faster
Orthodontics
Introduced the first low profile bracket system with torque in the base to make tooth correction easier and less visible
Revolutionized both file and apex locator technology to make root canal procedures easier and safer
Led the development of cutting edge implant systems and digital implant solutions to ensure safer and more effective treatments
Advanced the application of new materials for increased clinical efficacy and natural aesthetics
CAD/CAM
Created CEREC and have been driving the development of digital and single-visit dentistry for over 30 years
Introduced the first dental x-ray unit, and have been driving the evolution of digital imaging, including 3D scanning, ever since
Introduced the first treatment center and continue to push the limits of ergonomics and functionality
Developed the first electric dental drill, and continue to launch next-generation instruments, including the first blue laser
Dentsply Sirona is led by one of the most experienced management teams in the dental industry, with strong track records of growth and proven leadership.
Donald M. Casey Jr.
Donald M. Casey Jr. Chief Executive Officer
Donald Casey has more than 30 years of global health care experience and an outstanding track record in identifying and commercializing medical innovations. He most recently served as Chief Executive Officer of the Medical segment of Cardinal Health, a leading manufacturer and provider of medical products and supply chain services to hospitals, laboratories, physician offices, surgery centers and other sites of care across the health care continuum. Under Don Casey's leadership as the CEO of the Medical segment, he repositioned the segment and delivered consistent revenue and operating income growth and helped position the segment for sustainable growth going forward.
Prior to Cardinal Health, Mr. Casey served as Chief Executive Officer of the Gary and Mary West Wireless Health Institute, a non-profit research organization focused on lowering the cost of health care through novel technology solutions from 2010 to 2012. Previously, Mr. Casey served as worldwide chairman for Johnson & Johnson's comprehensive care group and a member of the company's executive committee, where he oversaw its cardiovascular, diagnostic, diabetes and vision care franchises around the world. Mr. Casey began his career with Johnson & Johnson in 1985, advancing into executive positions throughout the company's consumer, pharmaceutical and medical device franchises.
Mr. Casey serves on the boards of AdvaMed and the James Foundation. Previously, he also served on the boards of Surgical Specialties (formerly AngioTech) and West Corp. He earned a bachelor’s degree in finance and a master of business administration degree from the University of Notre Dame.
Nick Alexos
Nick Alexos Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Nick Alexos was the co-founder of Madison Dearborn Partners LLC, a leading private equity investment firm based in Chicago.  Prior to founding Madison Dearborn Partners LLC, he was with First Chicago Venture Capital, and earlier in his career he was with the First National Bank of Chicago.  Nick previously served on the board of directors for Sirona Dental Systems, Inc.  Nick brings an in-depth knowledge of the health care sector and the dental industry.
Nick is a CPA, and received his BBA from Loyola University and his MBA from The University of Chicago Booth School of Business. 
Keith Ebling
Keith Ebling Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Keith Ebling most recently was EVP, General Counsel for Express Scripts Holding Company, a $100 billion integrated pharmacy benefit management company.  During his twenty year tenure with Express Scripts, Keith held positions of increasing responsibility in product development, business development, mergers and acquisitions as well as most recently as Executive Vice President and General Counsel leading their legal, compliance, government affairs, strategy and business development teams.
Keith has his Bachelor's and Juris Doctor degree from Saint Louis University, and his MBA from Washington University Olin School of Business. 
Maureen MacInnis
Maureen MacInnis Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer and Communications
Maureen MacInnis currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer and Communications of Dentsply Sirona. Formerly, Ms. MacInnis held the title of Vice President, Global Human Resources of DENTSPLY since April 2009. She has over 25 years of experience in all aspects of Human Resources, particularly with expertise in organization design, talent acquisition, succession planning and communications. 
Prior to joining DENTSPLY in 2009, Ms. MacInnis held Human Resources executive positions at CIGNA and at Trane Corporation where she oversaw the acquisition and integration for multiple Trane franchise units, introduced new training programs, and led a talent acquisition program.
Ms. MacInnis graduated from King’s College with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Administration and received an MBA from Lehigh University.
Discover Social