ixf_target_enabled
ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0
link-block-publisher; link-block-publisher_1.0.0.0; bodystr
0 ms
https://www.dolby.com/us/en/professional/licensing.html
Getting Licensed
Thank you for your interest in Dolby Laboratories. To apply for a license to include Dolby technologies in your products, please follow these instructions.
If you are an existing Dolby Licensee, please contact your sales manager.
If you are unsure who your sales manager is, please reach out to SalesSupport@dolby.com
Getting Licensed: Step 1
Complete the following application form to indicate your interest in a Dolby® license.
Step 2
Dolby will send you a contract to complete—review, sign, and return the contract with the initial license fee. We will then send you the requested technology; marketing, testing, and implementation tools; and other important information about working with Dolby.
Step 3
Submit your product or implementation containing Dolby technology for testing to ensure that it meets our quality standards. Upon approval, your company becomes an official Dolby Licensee. You will be added to the Dolby Licensee list so you can work with other Dolby Licensees to buy or sell implementations.
Windows Licensing Program
If you would like to license the Dolby Audio™ technologies included in the Microsoft® Windows® operating system, please complete the questionnaire on the Windows Licensing Program  page and indicate how many devices your OEM company will be making per year. Based on your response, we will assist you with obtaining a new licensing agreement to support the use of Dolby Audio (supporting Dolby Digital Plus™) in Windows and which will be natively supported by the new Microsoft Edge browser for the playback of web-based content as well as accessible by third-party Windows Store and Universal apps. You must have an agreement with Dolby prior to the shipment of any Windows devices.
 Agreement for Encoded Content and Media
If you would like to use Dolby trademarks to indicate that your recorded audio content has been encoded with Dolby technologies, or to use Dolby trailers at the beginning of broadcasts, games, or video programs, you must complete a Dolby Logo Use Agreement Application (trademark agreement).
Agreement for Motion Pictures
If you are creating a motion picture and want to release it in Dolby Digital audio, you will need to complete a Motion Picture Service Agreement (MPSA).
Licensed Dolby Manufacturers
Use this list to verify that consumer electronics products you purchase bearing the Dolby logo and trademark are genuinely licensed by Dolby Laboratories.
Feedback
Please give us feedback on your Dolby.com experience. Thank you for sharing your feedback with us!
How would you rate your Dolby.com experience?
Hate
Dislike
Neutral
Like
Love
false
Thank you for sharing your feedback with us!
Connecting your feedback with data related to your visits (device-specific, usage data, cookies, behavior and interactions) will help us improve faster. Do you give us your consent to do so for your previous and future visits?  More information
Skip
Send