Making life better, every day
Domtar makes products that people around the world rely on every day.  We design, manufacture, market and distribute a wide variety of communication and specialty papers, market pulp and absorbent hygiene products.
Reports
2017 Annual Report (pdf)
2018 Sustainability Update (pdf)
Corporate Fact Sheet (pdf)
Investor Fact Sheet (pdf)
PAPER  CONNECTS US IN SO MANY WAYS TO THE IMPORTANT THINGS IN LIFE.
Domtar has the North American market’s largest selection of uncoated papers - from high-quality office, printing and digital papers, to innovative converting and specialty papers.
But we don’t just sell paper. With our private brand expertise, well-known brands and paper industry knowledge, we’re the partner dedicated to helping you optimize your business. Whether through product selection, service platforms or inventory management, we’re here to serve you for the long-term.
In sales in 2017
WITH UNMATCHED INDUSTRY KNOWLEDGE, DOMTAR HAS BEEN A TRUSTED AND INNOVATIVE PULP  SUPPLIER FOR MORE THAN 60 YEARS.
We are one of the world’s largest producers of market pulp used to make paper, tissue, towels, diapers, personal hygiene items and fiber-reinforced materials.
PERSONAL CARE  IS MORE THAN BUSINESS TO US. IT'S PERSONAL.
Our products deliver comfort, hygiene, dignity, confidence and freedom to people around the world.
We make adult incontinence products, products for infants and children, and other absorbent hygiene solutions.
THE POSSIBILITIES IN DOMTAR'S BIOMATERIALS   BUSINESS ARE ENDLESS.
We are developing a variety of biobased products made from responsibly managed forests.
Today, we can essentially replace any petroleum-based product with a biobased alternative.
2018 Sustainability Update
Check out Domtar’s latest sustainability highlights and progress made on our sustainability goals.
2017 Annual Report
Look closer at Domtar: You will see a leading innovative company, committed to a sustainable and better future.
2017 Sustainability Report
Working Smart: Domtar continues to create innovative programs to make our work better, safer and more sustainable.
Taking a Long-Term View
Sustainability at Domtar is our endeavor to take a longer-term view of creating and preserving value for our shareholders, customers, employees and communities.
Our Commitment to Caring Runs Deep
Last year, Domtar donated over $2 million in cash and products, and employees gave thousands of hours to enhance life in the communities where we live and work or to help people in times of need.
Our People Are The Key to Our Success
We believe in making a difference and creating a culture of employees who not only want to grow, but also to help others develop along the way.
Inspiring Stories from the Domtar Newsroom
The Domtar Newsroom is home to informative and inspiring stories about Domtar – our people, our products, our industry and our communities.
Blueline looks inside Domtar paper, the creative process, design trends, printing techniques and journey to producing a finished piece.
Montreal (Québec) H3A 1L6