Through partnerships and collaboration, Dow solutions help extend the shelf life of food, bring color to buildings, and pave safer roads. Learn how.
PRODUCT CATALOG
Dow provides a world-class portfolio of advanced, sustainable and leading-edge products. This enables us to deliver solutions designed to meet almost any performance and business need.
Dow delivers a broad range of innovative and technology-based products and solutions in the packaging, industrial and infrastructure, and consumer care industries.
MAKING IT BETTER 
Our prescription medications, our vitamins, our body soap, our lotion, our sunscreen, our laundry detergent, our dishwashing soap, our clothes – these are essential ingredients of modern, daily life and Dow plays an important part in all of them.
Nothing is closer to us than the products we touch daily. Whether you want to feel better, eat healthier, be and live cleaner, Dow products help propel us through our day. We use advanced technologies and unique formulations to create better products that beautify, protect, and enhance. Dow is the go-to solution provider for home, institutional, and personal care markets. Our technology offerings create value by being the point of differentiation that sets our customers’ products apart and enhances the consumer experience.
HELPING OUR WORLD STAND THE TEST OF TIME
Infrastructure is essential to daily life. It’s our roads, bridges, buildings, and mega-structures like stadiums. It’s also the power grid that lights our homes and connects us to the Internet. With the world’s largest and broadest supply of raw materials across all categories, Dow lives by a steadfast commitment to constant R&D that ultimately develops robust and dependable infrastructures that stand the test of time.
Furthermore, Dow’s Industrial segment has helped in the manufacturing of the world’s goods and services with additive solutions that:
Minimize friction and heat in mechanical processes
Manage the oil and water interface
Deliver active ingredients for maximum effectiveness
Facilitate dissolvability
KEEPING FOOD SAFE, SECURE AND SUSTAINABLE
Global market trends like increasing populations, rising middle class incomes, and on-the-go lifestyles continue to drive demand for high performance plastic packaging that extend food freshness, improve product safety, is lighter and brighter, and provide user-friendly functionality.  Dow is a leading innovator and collaborator on packaging technologies and solutions that address the world’s packaging needs at all points of the farm-to-table value chain. Dow’s product portfolio of resins, films and adhesives is the broadest in the industry and can deliver a “total package” that is more sustainable, cost efficient, and meet consumer preferences around the world.
THE NEW DOW CORPORATE EXPERIENCE 
Discover what makes Dow exceptional. Learn about Dow’s history and sustainability efforts, find career opportunities and stay up to date on news and investor information.
PRODUCT RESOURCES
Search and access Dow Safety Data sheets, Product Safety and REACH Product Information sheets and additional resources.
Copyright © The Dow Chemical Company (1995-2018). All Rights Reserved.