Whatever You Need, Wherever You Are
Our partners count on us for technical capability. Our knowledge goes beyond science. We understand our customers’ markets, and we speak your language.
Technical Capability
The industry leaders in innovation and expertise for over 50 years. Every application has specific needs—and every film we make has distinct advantages that meet those needs.
Market Knowledge
We listen in order to develop innovative solutions, and in doing so, have developed an extensive portfolio of products that customers know they can trust.
Customer Success
Our long tenure as the leading manufacturer of high performance polyester films is the result of our collaborative relationships with our customers. Together, we will succeed, now and in the future.
MYLAR® Harvest Fresh lidding positively affects the entire packaging process for our customers, making it a smart and efficient solution.
Face shields made with Melinex® AG3, a new anti-glare/anti-fog film, provides medical practitioners splash protection, reduced fogging, and reduced eye fatigue.
Melinex® polyester films are customer coated for all digital technology media, where superior image quality, lay flat and durability are required.
Our Partnership Begins Here
DuPont Teijin Films is a global leader in the production of polyester films. Since its development by DuPont in 1952, polyester film has become a part of our lives. We have built on this heritage through research, expertise - and true collaboration with our customers. Through this spirit of teamwork, we’ve pushed the boundaries of science and helped our partners achieve remarkable success.
DTF Exhibiting at the Annual Printed Elec...
November 14-15, 2018, DuPont Teijin Films (DTF) will be exhibiting at the annual Printed Electronics USA 2018 Conference November 14-15, 2018 in Santa Clara, CA USA (www.idtechex.com/printed-electronics-usa/show/en/). The DTF Exhibit Booth w...
On October, 29, 2018 Asima Chakravorty will be presenting "Innovations in Polyester Film substrates for the Flexible Electronics Industry" at the AIMCAL R2R Conference USA 2018 in Phoenix, Arizona at 3:30pm.
Polyester Film Substrates for Flexible an...
Monday, January 29, 2018--Scott Gordon, DuPont Teijin Films New Business Development Manager and Flexible Electronics Segment Manager, will be speaking at the next Flextech show to be held on February 12–15 2018 at Hyatt Regency in Montere...
New flame retardant films from DuPont Teijin Films promise to help design engineers in the electronics, transportation, construction and label industries deliver high performance at low cost.
DuPont Teijin Films-America's Region
Units 1B – 3A, 37/F,
21 Biopolis Road
© 2017 Dupont Teijin Films U.S. Limited Partnership. All rights reserved.
Site designed and built by COLAB