Blog
The
Sun
has
a
lot
to
offer.
So
do
we.
Going “green” doesn’t have to compromise your business model. Environmental responsibility can actually enhance the bottom line. Entech Solutions, together with our strategic partners, are ushering in a new era of strategic solutions for building and business owners. Find out how our fresh approach to clean energy can save your business money on much more than just the electricit
Energy Technology Solutions’ strategic partnerships with Rooftop Energy Group of Modesto, CA, Epod Solar of British Columbia, Canada, and Rand Construction Corporation of Washington, D.C. allow us to implement the highest quality solar solutions throughout North America and beyond. Entech is bringing together cutting-edge design, proprietary technology, financial strength, and seamless...
No
maintenance.
Seriously.
As a building owner, your roof can be one of your largest maintenance costs. Energy Technology Solutions designs custom solutions integrating sustainable solar power and a new roof. In addition, we warranty and maintain the new roof for 20 years. You can imagine what avoiding roof costs for the next 20 years does for your bottom line. Or, we can perform an avoided roof cost analysis along with...
shine.
Many of our clients have opted for a shadier solar solution – carport solar arrays. Some scenarios don’t allow for rooftop solar applications, which is why we have perfected the carport solar array. People love basking in the sun, but our cars don’t, which is why employees and tenants alike love having solar power carports in their office parking lot. We can even place car...
Going “green” doesn’t have to compromise your business model....
Partnerships
are
the
difference.
No
maintenance.
Seriously.
As a building owner, your roof can be one of your largest maintenance costs....
Where
the
Sun
shine.
Many of our clients have opted for a shadier solar solution – carport...
It's time you experienced the Entech Advantage
About
Entech
Energy Technology Solutions is committed to bringing unique real estate solutions to the business community. Entech does this by addressing two of the largest issues facing companies who own or manage real estate; the long term cost of roof replacement and roof maintenance, and escalating utility costs.
Our
Team
EnTech was founded by Karl Bruce and Phil Baggerly in 2009.  Karl is a seasoned executive whose career has focused on building and managing information service organizations, and Phillip has been actively involved in many aspects of renewable energy initiatives over the past seven years.