WELCOME TO THERMO FISHER SCIENTIFIC
As the world leader in serving science, we empower our people to advance innovative technologies, develop meaningful solutions, and build rewarding careers. With revenues of $18 billion and the largest investment in R&D in the industry, we give our 55,000     extraordinary minds the resources and opportunities to make significant contributions to the world.
Explore Careers at Thermo Fisher Scientific:
Benefits
Besides the satisfaction of helping customers change the world, FEI employees also enjoy competitive pay, opportunities for growth, and a range of other perks depending on where they are located.
Compensation
Competitive Pay
We aim to hire and retain the very best individuals available, and that means providing highly competitive total compensation packages.
Profit Sharing
 At FEI, everyone has the opportunity to be rewarded through an annual profit-sharing program. Participation and payment depend on individual performance, business unit performance, and FEI's overall business and financial results.
Informal Bonuses and Rewards
 We believe that all employees deserve recognition for a job well done, and sometimes they deserve something more. Managers are encouraged to reward "above and beyond" efforts.
Growth
Career Mobility
Your advancement is based on your contribution, impact, and willingness to take on new challenges. FEI offers plenty of opportunities to take your career to the next level, including formal programs, informal mentoring, and     a culture that encourages and rewards personal and professional growth.
Global Mobility
FEI considers candidates from all locations and also offers cross-site opportunities to employees for key assignments. You could move between Europe, the U.S., and Asia- Pacific regions as steps in your career.
Training and Development
As a growing company, we need you to grow with us. You can take advantage of a wide range of development programs, from on-site learning opportunities to degree reimbursement programs.
Awards
Patent Award Program
FEI is issued many new patents every year and rewards employees for their patented innovation with cash bonuses and recognition.
Employee Referral Awards
Once you join FEI, keep your eyes open for new talent. If you "Spot a New Colleague" and they are subsequently hired, you'll receive a financial reward.
Balance
Paid Time Off
We expect hard work, but you also have regular opportunities to take time off with pay to rest, relax, and recharge your batteries.   
Transportation Assistance
Depending on where you work, you may be eligible for assistance in getting to and from work. This could mean access to a shared car, a transit subsidy, or a transportation allowance. 
Teamwork for Fun
We like to encourage teamwork and sponsor a range of activities for employees in their local areas.
Search and Apply All Global Jobs
Find a job that interests you and click Apply for this job to complete the online application. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation,     national origin, genetics, disability, age, or protected veteran status. If you require an accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and     need an alternative method for applying, please contact us at  503-726-7500, or hranswers@fei.com  for assistance.
To search all available jobs between Thermo Fisher Scientific and FEI candidates need to review jobs on multiple links below: