Floadia provides scalable, cost effective and high quality eNVM IPs.
All Floadia products share the concept of “LEE”, which stands for Low cost and Easily Embedded.
Products
Floadia products all use “FN tunneling” mechanism for program and erase operation, which will result in very low power therefore very short test time as you can program the whole memory area at once.
They also allow very short baking time to further cut cost down.
All of Floadia products are capable of handling high temperature for automotive grade requirement.
Low Cost MTP solution for a few KBytes requirement.
Simple Low Cost SONOS Flash. Available in affordable 90nm foundry process.
Few masks and short test/bake.
Our expertise!
We are a team of engineers that have been developing NVM for more than 3 decades.
CTO：Yasuhiro Taniguchi
Our Mission!
Our mission is to make embedded Flash technology affordable and easy to use, so that every chip on earth will benefit from this great technology.
CEO & President：Kosuke Okuyama
Our Innovation!
We’ve developed a new embedded FLASH that could change modern chip design approach & computer architecture, yet very simple and easy to manufacture.
Chairman：Koichi Nagasawa
Our expertise!
We are a team of engineers that have been developing NVM for more than 3 decades.
CTO：Yasuhiro Taniguchi
Our Mission!
Our mission is to make embedded Flash technology affordable and easy to use, so that every chip on earth will benefit from this great technology.
CEO & President：Kosuke Okuyama
The Beauty of SONOS
Floadia’s G1 and G2 are based on SONOS memory architecture, which has many advantages over widely used Split Gate memory architecture.
High Speed NV-RAM
Like no other embedded Flash solutions available today, Floadia’s G2 has very unique feature supporting “read operation” with VCC, where normally high voltage is required.
3. Targeting zero defect in Mass Production
Floadia's eNVM products cover wide range of applications, from where the highest quality is required to the lowest power consumption is mandatory.
About Floadia
Floadia is a team of experienced engineers who were developing embedded memory for more than 20 years.
Floadia’s development team comprises not only with memory engineers and circuit designers
but also people with deep knowledge in the manufacturing process and quality assurance to provide full range of service, like no other IP vendors.
2018.9.25
+81-42-346-5510
Floadia Taiwan Branch
R612/ R618, Center of Innovative Incubator, NTHU No. 101, Section 2, Guangfu Road, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30013, R.O.C.
+886-3-5613922