Genisphere is developing 3DNA®-based therapeutics for our partners and our own portfolio. We pursue collaborations in targeted drug delivery for mutual benefit.
DNA nanostructures designed to carry drugs and deliver them to targets:  this is Genisphere’s realism. We exploit the advantages of DNA as a natural biopolymer to create biocompatible drug delivery nanocarriers.
High-quality DNA is cost-effective to produce in large quantities and is fully customizable to either evade or liaise with the body’s immune system. DNA is programmable with precise control and specificity to make diverse structures in rigid or dynamic configurations. We regard DNA as a versatile engineering material with flexibility and movable parts which interact with (and can cooperate with) cells in complex bio-environments.
Genisphere leverages both DNA crosslinking biochemistry and modified DNA bases to program stability into the DNA nanoarchitecture. Combining these stability profiles with site-specific biological conditions for drug release allows us to fine-tune and manipulate the system based on desired pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics.
DNA conjugation chemistry is diverse and well-accommodating to a variety of drug cargos and targeting molecules. DNA-directed assembly of conjugates to core nanocarrier is simple yet elegant across multiple indications.
We enhance drug delivery through multivalent presentation of targeting molecules. Truly accurate tissue specificity allows the use of more potent drugs with otherwise debilitating toxicity. DNA nanotechnology presents the greatest capacity of modular design to maximize the benefits of precision targeting.
We take a hands-on approach to develop solutions together with our partners, enabling customization for any indication with focus on improving therapeutic index. 3DNA can provide new formulations for matured therapeutics. Revolutionary variations of nucleic acids, small molecules and biologics can also be developed into novel formulations powered by 3DNA.
We passionately pursue our 3DNA structures as effective drug-delivery nanovehicles for fighting disease. To learn more about our 3DNA nanotechnology platform please view the short video.
© Genisphere 2018 All rights reserved.