Assemblies Library
Search gypsum assemblies by type, fire rating, STC rating, tests, product type or keyword.
SEARCHABLE ASSEMBLIES
The DensElement™ System is a new, all-in-one, water-resistive and air barrier (WRB-AB) system solution that completely eliminates an additional WRB over the face of the sheathing in commercial construction.
Type X Fire Protection for Residential Walls
Introducing 1/2" ToughRock® Fireguard 45™ Gypsum Board. The new 1/2" Type X board (per ASTM C 1396) provides a unique upgrade in quality home construction to help address home buyer safety concerns.
DensDeck® Roof Boards
Proven fiberglass mat gypsum roof boards add performance and durability to most commercial roofing systems. Now DensDeck® Prime roof boards offer more efficient use of adhesives and better handling.
Gypsum Tool Box
The Tool Box is a collection of utilities and information designed to support you as you specify, select, and install Georgia-Pacific Gypsum products. From calculating materials and resource information used to apply for LEED® points, to using Georgia-Pacific's gypsum products within your current design software and systems, our tools help you make decisions and increase efficiency.
LEED® Certification: Georgia-Pacific Gypsum products can help
Georgia-Pacific Gypsum is a member of the U.S. Green Building Council. Some of our products may contribute to Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) credits in several categories under the LEED for New Construction and Major Renovation, LEED Core and Shell Development and LEED for Schools programs, including:
Materials & Resources
Innovation & Design
Find out more about how our products relate to LEED certification points .
Build for a Sustainable Tomorrow
Georgia-Pacific Gypsum is a leading manufacturer of innovative solutions which have long been recognized for contributing to the sustainability of commercial and residential buildings. Our pioneering and state-of-the-art fiberglass mat technology has inspired the construction industry to build with products that help manage moisture damage during and after construction.
Consumer Product Safety Act (CPSA)
For CPSA General Certificate of Conformity, please click here .
1Based upon survey of McGraw-Hill Construction project specifications from 01/01/13 - 12/31/13
The USGBC logo and LEED are trademarks of the U.S. Green Building Council and are used with permission.
Leaving our Web site
This link will take you to a Web site where the Georgia-Pacific online Privacy Notice and Terms of Use do not apply. We encourage you to read the Privacy Notice and Terms of Use of every Web site you visit.