2nd Generation ATP® - Your 1st Line of Defense
2nd Generation ATP monitoring offers a powerful combination of speed, versatility, portability, and accuracy for microbiological testing in any industry concerned with water. All living cells contain ATP regardless of whether they are bacteria, fungi, or any other type of microbe. As such, its measurement is a direct indication of the microbiological content in your sample. All-inclusive results in minutes provide enhanced monitoring capabilities for superior control of microorganisms in your process.
Learn more with our latest brochure
Heterotrophic Plate Count
Traditional culture-based methods are very slow (2+ days to obtain results) and very selective (<1% of total population detected). 2nd Generation ATP measures all cells to ensure that no threat goes unnoticed and results are available immediately.
2nd Generation ATP
Traditional ATP tests provide the required pass/fail indication required for surface hygiene applications. LuminUltra’s 2nd Generation ATP technology goes far beyond 1st Generation products through enhanced sensitivity and accuracy, providing the required fully-quantitative measurement for any water or wastewater sample.
2nd Generation ATP
Suspended Solids
Depending on the application, Suspended Solids measurements (including Turbidity and Particle Counts) may be used to indicate overall loading (wastewater) or perhaps sediment intrusion (water), but they do not isolate microbiological content. As such, are not effective ways to investigate microbiological issues and can sometimes be misleading. 2nd Generation ATP monitoring quantifies the biological content of these samples, enabling the issue to be characterized and optimized much more effectively.
Click on your industry to learn more.
Ver 1.2 release now available with Offline Mode!
by Stacey Pineau on November 6, 2018
prev
next
Hear What Our Customers Say About Us
Laboratory Manager, Greenville Water – Greenville, South Carolina, USA
Aurora Water (Aurora, CO) has been using LuminUltra’s test to measure and monitor Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) in the biofiltration process at the Binney Water Purification Facility (BWPF) since April 2012. This easy to perform test allows BWPF staff to quickly determine ATP levels on the biofilter GAC during start-up of the processes, as well as during routine operation.
Pamela Benskin
Sr. QC Analyst, Aurora Water – Aurora, Colorado, USA
I was amazed at the fact that we could measure total microorganisms in a matter of minutes…
M. Lee Thorton
Thorton, Musso & Bellemin Inc. – Zachary, Louisiana, USA
LuminUltra’s ATP technology as advertised should be considered as the “1st Line of Defense” tool of choice and first primary testing tool for microbial activity.
Johnny D Richard
Owner, Real World Surveillance – Summit, Mississippi, USA
ATP has assisted us in maintaining bioreactor performance.  We recommend this technology to any facility looking to improve process control and plant stability.
Jeanie Grandstaff
Hopewell Regional Wastewater Treatment Facility – Hopewell, Virginia, USA
They are the only ATP test kit manufacturer that has developed a family of test kits – each optimized for a range of applications. They are also the only ATP test kit manufacturer with an ATP method that differentiates bacteria from fungi. They are undoubtedly head and shoulders above other ATP test kit manufacturers.
Frederick J. Passman, Ph.D., CMFS, FASTM, FSTLE
President Biodeterioration Control Associates, Inc.
The decision to use LuminUltra products was easy as they have positioned themselves as the industry leader in ATP testing due to their pioneering techniques and continued level of accuracy.
Eric Duderstadt
prev
next
prev
next
LuminUltra is a global ﬁrm with customers and sales network partners spanning from North America to Asia and all points in between. Since our initial launch in 2003, we’ve converted our line of test kits into solutions tailored to speciﬁc applications for monitoring and controlling microbes in drinking water, manufacturing industries, energy applications and wastewater treatment.
What are some of the top tools for monitoring membrane bioreactors? ow.ly/ahNO30lWN8J ow.ly/ahNO30lWN8J