Grow Energy is developing novel technology to produce clean energy, purified water and other vital resources with genetically modified microalgae strains and unique photobioreactor systems.
ENERGY
Our systems generate electrical and thermal energy for homes and buildings.
WATER
Our algae strains are capable of cleansing waste water of pollutants and toxins.
BIOMASS
We yield significant quantities of biomass which can be utilized in multiple ways.
Natural Sustainability.
Grow Energy's technology is centered on the concept of using biological processes to address humanity's resource needs of power and water. Verde enables biomass to be grown and combusted to create energy, while Hydral yields electricity and purified water through hydrogen fuel cells, both operating with absolutely no carbon emissions.
Organic Innovations.
Algae biotechnology is an exciting, emerging field of research. Grow's bioreactor and light utilization products make it easy for researchers and organizations to test concepts in the areas of biofuel, bioconcentration, and even space habitat design. Our components are available to order direct through GrowTech, or contact us for custom solutions for your business.
Food for the Future.
At our core, Grow Energy's technology is the most efficient in producing algal biomass in quantity and concentration. Biomass has many applications including energy production, animal feed, and various industrial manufacturing elements. Algal biomass can even be important for human health, such as Chlorella microalgae which is sold in many popular health food stores.
Join The Revolution
Register to receive periodic emails, updates and more from us.
Join the Revolution »
By providing your name and email address, you hereby agree to our Privacy Policy.
We promise not to share your information with anyone or any organization without your prior consent.
About Us
Grow Energy was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Grow Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Grow Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.