Torrefaction Technology
HM3 Energy’s proprietary torrefaction and densification technologies turn woody biomass and agricultural residue into solid biofuel for use in biomass boilers or as a substitute for coal in coal-fired boilers. Our TorrB® torrefied biomass briquettes are water-resistant and can be shipped without cover and stored without cover, with significant transportation and handling savings. Their water resistance and grindability make them a clean fuel alternative to coal in coal-fired power plants.
HM3 Energy has completed a two-year testing phase in its Oregon torrefaction facility. We have demonstrated our process using agricultural residue,  juniper and pine forest residue and mill residue. The half ton/hour demonstration plant will be moved to Japan, where it will be featured in an “Eco-Park,”  dedicated to “waste-to-clean-energy” solutions.
HM3 Energy is now ready to license its technology to viable partners for commercial plant construction. Torrefied biomass offers considerable environmental and economic benefits: 
Pound for pound, same energy as western coal and 30% more energy than raw wood pellets
Greenhouse gas neutral, with no mercury or sulfur emissions and a 30% reduction in nitrous oxide emissions
Improvement of forest health, while dramatically reducing the growing risk of catastrophic forest fires. Our process can use low commercial value forest waste as feedstock (not clean wood chips or wood pellets), providing a market for public and private foresters who want to reduce fuel stocked stands by thinning.
Improvement of air quality in forest and farming areas, when forest slash or agricultural slash piles are used as feedstock for fuel rather than burned in place.
Creation of 1200 direct family wage jobs in Oregon alone, with thousands of additional jobs possible in other states
Protection of ratepayers from rate increases related to construction of new power plants
Waste to energy technology
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.