Creating a Class of Distinction:
Leveraging the Baldrige Excellence Framework to guide Illinois organizations to enterprise excellence
Plan. Implement. Excel.
Aligning performance and practice for strategic business success
Together We Achieve Excellence: Our Impact on Illinois Communities in 2017
19
Craig Zoberis Fusion OEM (Burr Ridge)
Our organization has substantially benefited both tangibly and intangibly from our relationship with IMEC. Much of the training we have provided would not have been contemplated nor realized without their help. We are grateful for the relationship and we look forward to continuing to work with IMEC to help our company become a World Class Manufacturer within the City of Chicago.
Scott Rempala Mighty Hook, Inc.
IMEC has been terrific at moving us forward while still respecting our company heritage and culture. They never pressured us to move too much, too fast and adjusted their approach to help cater to our company’s unique structure.
Ethan Darby Greenwood Plastics Inc
The relationship with IMEC is incredible – they are always accommodating and go out of their way to work with us. Our company is family, and IMEC just fit right into that. They listened to our ideas and thoughts and went right along with our culture.
Vanessa Price CSE Software Inc
In a small manufacturing community, it’s essential to build close relationships and leverage the experience of others. IMEC provided that for us and internally forced us to examine our network of resources, pulling in the right people and resources to get the job done.
Tom Titone Nudo Products Inc.
I really cannot say enough about working with IMEC. To have a resource on-call with expertise that relates directly to our business and who is truly invested in our success has been a fantastic thing.
Nolan Hannan Armoloy of Illinois
IMEC helped keep us focused and on track. Through the experience the IMEC personnel has from past roles and through other businesses, our staff has gained a great amount of knowledge.
Brad Albrecht Budnick Converting
The IMEC staff was extremely helpful in moving things forward for us. They challenged what we are undertaking internally and gave us direction to progress through improvements.
Todd Bringuet Ace Sign Co.
I cannot say enough about the team at IMEC and how they have truly expanded our future at Lindy. We would not be in the renewed shape we are in without their knowledge, direction, and networking.
Cheryl Wellman Lindy Manufacturing
Latest News
Having a risk management strategy in place will help you prevent or reduce the likelihood of a cybersecurity attack… https://t.co/nuLTA1LFCq 2 days ago
RT   @IllinoisChannel  : Illinois Manufacturing Assn President Greg Baise, on Growing Illinois' economy through greater international trade of… 3 days ago
RT   @IMA_Today  : Read: Six Tech-Driven #Manufacturing Solutions That Are Worth The Investment via   @forbes   https://t.co/Aa9jAl2ws5 (via   @Forbe  … 3 days ago
Latest Events
Affiliations
At IMEC, we recognize the value of a strong team and partnerships to bring our mission alive. Our key partners listed below serve in vital roles to provide strategic guidance and to set important policy priorities. Together we craft the direction and provide the resources to help our state’s competitiveness. Read More
Programs
Can we help you find something?
Send