logo
About
What we do
Our team
Careers
Current vacancies
Corporate Social Responsibility
Media kit
Publications and Guides
For Imperial
Tell us about your invention
Protect and commercialise your technology
Funding, Resources, Services & Space
What's in it for me?
Inventor's Guide
Intellectual Property
Licensing technology
How we decide: Spinout or Licence
When to talk to us
The Technology Transfer Process
Quicktech
Training, Events & Competitions
Subscribe for Training & Events updates
Innovation Academy
Competitions
NHS Technology Transfer
Our services
Our process
Contact us
NHS Technology Transfer News
Funding opportunities
FAQs
Customer Service
Customer Charter
Mythbuster
Upset with our service?
Participate
IP Evaluate
Imperial Coders' Network
Venture Support Unit
Imperial spinout process
Pre-spinout
Spinout
Funding
Growth
Exit
What to expect when starting a spinout
Founders Choice
Founder driven route
Basic support package
Jointly driven route
Enhanced Support Package
Services comparison
Venture Support Unit Team
Our spinouts
Exits
Resources
Imperial White City Incubator
For Industry
Available technologies
Licensing our technologies
Subscribe for Licensing Opportunities updates
Quicktech - online licensing opportunities
Impact
Case studies
News, events & training
News
Innovation Academy
Events, Training & Competitions
Subscribe
Acquisition by IP Group plc
X
Touchstone Innovations, the parent company of Imperial Innovations, has been acquired by IP Group plc. Imperial Innovations will continue to operate as normal.
Read more about IP Group plc
Work with us to commercialise your ideas

          Imperial Innovations is the technology commercialisation partner for Imperial College London. 
We work with staff at Imperial College London and help turn their research and ideas into new businesses or technology opportunities.
        
Tell us about your idea
Inform us of your research or invention, or contact us to arrange an informal meeting to discuss your work
Learn more
Protect and Commercialise your technology
Learn about the technology transfer process and the ways that we can help you commercialise your ideas
Learn more
Starting a company and Founders Choice
One of our key objectives is to increase companies founded at Imperial. Find out how we can help you.
Learn more
What's in it for me?
Why take the time out of your busy schedule to commercialise your invention? Find out here.
Learn more
Funding, Resources, Services and Space
Find out how to get access to the full ecosystem of support  for inventors and entrepreneurs around Imperial College London
Learn more
Customer Support Centre
Read about our commitment to customers, leave feedback, or let us know where we're falling short
Learn more
Who we work with
Imperial College London
If you are employed by Imperial College London we can work with you to identify, protect and commercialise your intellectual property
Learn more
NHS Trusts
Imperial Innovations has partnered with a number of NHS Trusts in London to provide technology commercialisation services to staff. 
Learn more
For Industry and Investors

            Imperial Innovations licenses intellectual property developed at Imperial College London. We also form and build new companies based around Imperial technologies. Find out more using the links below
          
Access to Imperial College London Technologies
Information on the latest available technologies from Imperial College London - and how your organisation can licence them
Learn more
Our Spinouts
We've supported over a hundred Imperial College London spinout companies - read about them here
Learn more
News
SLAMcore raises funding to commercialise spatial AI algorithms
Read news article
Imperial White City Incubator celebrates successes of first 18 months
Read news article
Ooho! in trial with Just Eat
Read news article
Upcoming Events
Open Sector Competition Workshop
Read event details

          A quick guide to Imperial's Founders' Choice pilot programme. Contains a summary of support available for founders and an explanation of both 'routes' founders can take.
        

          A comprehensive guide to founding a spinout at Imperial College London. This guide is intended for entrepreneurs at Imperial College London
        

          Exploring the spaces for Innovation and Entrepreneurship that exist at Imperial College London and the opportunities they provide for start-ups and spin-outs
        
About
What we do
Our Team
Media Kit & Contacts
For Imperial Staff
For NHS Staff
Training & Events
Customer Service & Support
Imperial Technologies for Licence
Our Spinouts
Founders Choice
Venture Support Unit
IP Group plc
Imperial White City Incubator
Imperial College London
Imperial Enterprise Lab
Quicklinks
Select a page
Onespacemedia