High sensitivity and high specificity detection of trace analytes is key to industrial leak detection, environmental protection and homeland security applications. Use of compact, inexpensive sensors functioning autonomously in distributed network architecture will facilitate ambient intelligence and smart environments.
Ultra-fast Genome Sequencing Device
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we were able to learn in-advance a newborns susceptibility to various diseases, or understand a patient’s disease state in an extremely close-up and personalized fashion? Low cost whole genome sequencing is expected to revolutionize healthcare among other aspects of life.
Presymptomatic Disease Diagnostics
Diseases such as cancers can be detected well in advance. This allows for therapeutic intervention at very early stages, preventing their development into life threatening conditions. Towards this goal we are developing point-of-care diagnostic technologies for detection of disease specific biomarkers with very low false positives and false negatives.
Below parts per trillion detection
High sensitivity and high specificity detection of trace analytes is key to industrial leak detection, environmental protection and homeland security applications. Use of compact, inexpensive sensors functioning autonomously in distributed network architecture will facilitate ambient intelligence and smart environments.
Ultra-fast Genome Sequencing Device
> <
PIONEERING THE DEVELOPMENT OF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES FOR GENOME SEQUENCING AND PERSONALIZED HEALTHCARE OF THE FUTURE.
Our Technology
We have invented an exponential nanosensor technology for chemical and biological sensing applications, termed FDEC sensor technology. This means in our nano sensor devices the detection signal is not diminished like in other sensor technologies, but sensor device internally amplifies the signal by up-to an order of magnitude owing to a unique capacitive coupling we discovered. This confers high detection sensitivity and high selectivity  in gas phase and liquid phase sensing applications. Established silicon IC manufacturing technology allows fabrication of compact and inexpensive sensor devices for a wide range of applications.
Former CEO of PCS Health JP Millon joins INanoBio Advisory Board
Genomics pioneer Prof. George Church to chair INanoBio Scientific Advisory Board
Applications
Genome sequencing
Low cost genome sequencing is expected to revolutionize healthcare among other aspects of life.
Nano-bio technology is set to revolutionize our lives in much the same way electronics, ICs, and internet have in the past decades.
FDEC FET nano sensors are currently under development for industrial leak detection applications, where trace gas detection of few parts-per-billion or below is required.