We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our cookie policy .
Trusted by scientists, engineers and quality managers worldwide, Instron's products and services for materials testing aim to instill confidence
INTRODUCING WAVEMATRIX2
Realtest | Experimental Durability Testing
Realtest uses Instron machines and software to develop customized concepts in the area of experimental durability testing to characterize the service live of a component.
Bluehill Universal Enhanced Security Webinar
Join us on December 13th for a webinar about Bluehill Universal's latest software updates, including security feature enhancements.
ASTM D412: The Definitive Guide to Elastomer Tensile Testing
This guide provides expert insight into ASTM D412 tensile testing for elastomers and rubber – including an overview of the tensile testing equipment, software, and samples needed.
Errors in Your Data | New Online Training Released
Instron launches new online training course designed to help operators of materials testing systems troubleshoot any data integrity issues they may encounter during testing.
ZF | Hydropuls® Axle Test Rig Case Study
Learn how ZF Shanghai uses the Hydropuls axle test rig in their new development center – a location which extends their capabilities to respond to specific market challenges more quickly in the Chinese and Asiatic markets.
Instron Calibration Laboratory Goes Global
As of September 2018, Instron’s Calibration Laboratory in Norwood, MA USA expanded its global reach to include Europe into its existing operations.
While researching replacement materials for parachutes, two scientists discovered that no testing machine was accurate enough to meet their demands. They founded Instron in 1946, and we pioneered universal testing machines featuring strain-gauge load cells. Today, Instron remains committed to delivering the highest quality, leading-edge technologies and services designed to push the boundaries of research, quality control and service-life testing.  Our systems evaluate the mechanical properties of materials and structures using tensile, compression, flexural, fatigue, impact, dynamic, torsional and multi-axial loading. Through a global infrastructure, we offer a broad range of local service capabilities, including calibration, verification, training, technical support and assistance with laboratory management.
Yahya Gharagozlou
Useful Links
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
825 University Ave, Norwood, MA, 02062-2643, US  |  Sales: +1 800 564 8378  |  Service: +1 800 473 7838  |  General Enquiries: +1 800 877 6674
© Illinois Tool Works Inc. All rights reserved. | web@instron.com