Rapid testing system
INT’s Palladium™ device is a portable laboratory, allowing on-demand testing with >95% sensitivity in any environment*. Our first test system improves food safety with Listeria environmental testing in about an hour.
*Not currently available in the U.S.
Cut the Wait
Remember mailing back Netflix DVDs? Those days have changed. Move your testing to on-demand, with answers in about an hour, not days.
Detect Harborage Points
Wi-fi enabled cloud-based data collection allows you to detect and address food safety issues, facility to facility, shift to shift.
Protect Your Brand
Listeria results in $2.7B in economic loss in the U.S. each year, with untold damage to company brands. Reduce risk with more frequent testing and faster results.
Palladium™ PCR testing combines multiple, expensive lab processes into a single, portable system. Genetic methods have proven highly accurate and reliable compared to traditional phenotypic methods.
NEWS
THIRD PARTY RESEARCH
$2.7B
Loss due to listeria incidences in the U.S. per year
$10M
WHO WE ARE
INT is committed to providing fast, accurate molacular diagnotics testing results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, INT has developed a number of creative solutions for diagnostics and sample processing. These solutions include a working electronic DNA sensor, a universal sample preparation system, and a novel rotary valve disposable cartridge for automated processing of complex biological samples.
INT is committed to providing fast, accurate test results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, INT has developed a robust platform, Palladium™, for diagnostics and sample processing, replacing traditionally time-sensitive and complex lab processes.
Applications