This website is AudioEye enabled and is being optimized for accessibility. To open the AudioEye Ally Toolbar, press shift + =. The toolbar contains the following
The AudioEye Help Desk to report accessibility and usability related issues.
The AudioEye Certification Statement to explain the completed testing and optimization for accessibility on this website. Ongoing analysis will continually enhance accessibility and usability.
The Reader tool to customize the visual display of this site.
The Voice (beta) tool to control and interact with this site using your voice.
The Player tool to listen to this site read aloud.
The Most Fuel-Efficient Hybrid Crossover. 1
Kia’s eco-friendly hybrid crossover delivers dynamic performance that’s balanced and responsive. And as the most fuel-efficient hybrid crossover on the road 1 , Niro is prepared to go the distance. Add in a versatile interior with room to spare and it’s easy to see, the 2019 Niro really can do it all.
Remaking an icon.
A new star has stepped out at the LA Auto Show this year. The newly redesigned 2020 Soul turned heads and drew stares as it made its debut on the red carpet. The latest model of the hugely popular Kia crossover features a completely redesigned exterior and interior, along with high-tech features. Come join us in person at the LA Convention Center until December 9th for your chance to get up close and personal with a legend in the making. 1
Light Up The Holidays.
Kia is kicking off the holiday season with special offers on the 2019 Sorento, Forte, Optima and Sportage. Head to a dealership or click below to explore APR, lease, and cash-back offers available near you. 1
Powered by everyday adventure.
Take on adventures big and small in the versatile Sorento. At home on any road, it’s easy to maneuver around town and comfortably seats seven in three standard rows. Road trip? Yes please. An available AWD 1 can up your off-road capability, while innovative technology upgrades every journey. Sorento is ready when you are, so where to next?
The Most Fuel-Efficient Hybrid Crossover. 1
Kia’s eco-friendly hybrid crossover delivers dynamic performance that’s balanced and responsive. And as the most fuel-efficient hybrid crossover on the road 1 , Niro is prepared to go the distance. Add in a versatile interior with room to spare and it’s easy to see, the 2019 Niro really can do it all.
Remaking an icon.
A new star has stepped out at the LA Auto Show this year. The newly redesigned 2020 Soul turned heads and drew stares as it made its debut on the red carpet. The latest model of the hugely popular Kia crossover features a completely redesigned exterior and interior, along with high-tech features. Come join us in person at the LA Convention Center until December 9th for your chance to get up close and personal with a legend in the making. 1
FIND:
The Power to Surprise
Explore your accessibility options.