This website uses cookies. By navigating around this site you consent to cookies being stored on your machine. Accept Edit your cookie settings
Featured
STELaRLab
Learn about our national research and development operations centre for our current research portfolio in Australia.
Here are five roles aerospace companies are clamoring to fill this year.
Every day, our 100,000 employees come to work with one focus – our customers’ missions. Whether it's protecting citizens or advancing the boundaries of science, these missions are some of the most important and challenging in the world. We bring an unwavering commitment to help our customers succeed, and it’s that sense of purpose and opportunity to make a difference in the world that drives us every day.
Lockheed Martin STEM Scholarship
Beginning in 2019 we are awarding $10,000 yearly scholarships to hundreds of STEM students for a total investment of $50 million over five years.
AlphaPilot AI Drone Innovation Challenge
Register now! We're calling on the world’s greatest minds to achieve a new milestone for the future of artificial intelligence and autonomous flight.
Generation Beyond Aviation Virtual Field Trip
Join us virtually in Palmdale, California at the Lockheed Martin facility to explore the unique Skunk Works® approach to innovation and design Dec. 4 at 1 p.m. ET.
Lockheed Martin-built InSight Lander successfully lands on the surface of the Red Plant to study the deep interior of Mars.
Returning to the Red Planet
NASA's InSight lander is the first-ever mission to peer deep beneath the Red Planet’s surface and examine its interior. InSight successfully landed on November 26, 2018.
With stealth technology, advanced sensors, weapons capacity and range, the F-35 is the most lethal, survivable and connected fighter aircraft ever built.
People of Lockheed Martin
People of Lockheed Martin is a photoblog created to share the unique and inspiring stories of our employees.
Missile Defense
Shooting a missile down with a missile was once a concept only dreamed up in science fiction novels. We’ve made it scientific fact.