Optical-based technology has become increasingly in-demand across a wide range of massive global markets like space, military, automotive, and the industrial sector due to its many benefits, including:       lower maintenance cost, higher performance, improved relaibility and greater data throughput and bandwidth.
Optical components and systems are frequently being implemented in drones, by aerospace and defense engineers for land, sea, air, and space applications, in intelligent transportation systems like smart highways with intelligent traffic lights, automated tollbooths, and changeable message signs, and across the biomedical industry for transmission of digital diagnostic images.
Medical infrared (IR) Imaging, sometimes known as Thermography, offers interesting diagnostics for many diseases, bruises and other surface injuries. It is a technique that can image the temperature distribution, blood flow and other irregularities resulting from various disease related abnormalities. This technique is becoming increasingly popular because of its non-invasive approach. Magnolia is developing highly sensitive infrared focal plane arrays and tools to assist doctors with unprecedented resolution and sensitivity for accurate diagnostics procedures.
Modeling and Simulation
Our modeling and simulation capability uses state-of-the-art tools empowered by or proprietary models to fully design, evaluate and analyze optoelectronic and EOIR devices.
IR Detector & FPA Design
Powered by our modeling capabilities, we offer a full suite of infrared detectors and focal plane array design and implementation services. We can also help your fabrication needs.
Our nanostructured coatings offer broadband anti-reflection technology that is unique. Our ARC technology produces maximum transmission over wide angle of incidence.
We are pushing solar cell efficiencies through our innovative approaches in nanostructured materials design that harnesses energy from a broadband of wavelengths.
R & D Consultation
Our vast and diverse experience positions us for offering you the best consultancy. We work with Government and Industry to offer value in R&D and technology demonstration.