5
liens/LOPs, offering providers
The problem
Your practice is facing declining reimbursements and increasing costs. Treating personal injury should be part of your patient / payer mix. Problem is, it means waiting years to get paid (if ever), added administrative costs and dealing with law offices.
The Medport solution
Medport takes on payment risk by funding the receivable immediately after treatment and can take care of 100% of the administrative work. This leaves your practice free to do what it does best: treat patients.
Why Medport
We pay fast
Our mission is to be your favorite payer. Over a decade of experience means we make decisions quickly and fund within 48 business hours. Month to month and year to year.
Your relationships are everything
We’re happy to operate in the background as your financial partner and servicer, leaving you in control of key decisions. We retain over 96% of our business from year to year and there’s a reason for that.
Superior technology and processes
We’ve got post-treatment lien servicing down to a science. MoveDocs, our HIPAA-compliant, cloud-based technology platform makes working with Medport painless. You just dump all your documents with us and we’ll handle 100% of medical record management, case status updates and settlements.
Let’s Get Started
We’ll be in touch within 4 business hours
Email us
Our service representatives aren’t allowed to sleep…we typically respond to all emails within 4 business hours.
Main
1 (888) 950 2056
Medport Billing (“Medport”) operates within the financial services industry by servicing receivables backed by medical liens / LOPs and financing the treatment of injured patients who treat outside of healthcare insurance. Medport is not a medical provider and does not direct patients to medical providers or influence medical providers’ treatment decisions. The medical provider has the option to submit medical charges to Medport for consideration for funding but is not obligated or required to do so; the medical provider may choose to bill the responsible party/payer directly.