Skip to content
Lighting . . . We Make It Happen
®
Primary Menu
About  Us
Sports
Transportation  &  Infrastructure
Temporary
Facility Management
News & Projects
×
Search for:
Primary Menu
About  Us
Sports
Transportation  &  Infrastructure
Temporary
Facility Management
News & Projects
Sports Lighting Affected by Hurricanes?
Coastal Cargo Eliminates Spill Light and Improves Worker Visibility with LED Technology
Wilmington Blue Rocks Improve Playability, Fan Experience, Energy Efficiency
Nebraska’s Memorial Stadium Solves Dark End Zones, Efficiency Issues with LED
Introducing TLC for LED
TM
 A New Era of Total Light Control
TM
A Proven System
Our system approach to sports and transportation/infrastructure lighting delivers the performance and long-term reliability that continues to set us apart after 40 years.
Read more
Total Light Control™
We create controlled light, not floodlights. Our LED sports lighting direct light with pinpoint precision, because it’s about lighting your field, not the neighborhood around it.
Read more
Always Ready to Play
With remote on/off controls and 24/7 system monitoring offered through Control-Link®, as well as a 25-year parts and labor warranty, you’ll have peace of mind knowing your field is 
always
 ready to play.
Read more
Superior Playability with BallTracker™
When you walk onto a field that features Musco’s Total Light Control—TLC for LED™ technology, it just looks better. Better for players, and better for spectators.
Read more
Regional Websites
About Musco Lighting
Since 1976, Musco Lighting has specialized in the design and manufacture of sports and transportation/infrastructure lighting solutions around the world. We’ve pioneered systems using metal halide and LED technologies that have made dramatic improvements in energy efficiency and provided affordable ways to control spill light and glare. Our new and retrofit, permanent and temporary lighting solutions can be found from Little League® fields to Olympic Games. Our global team partners with customers to plan, complete, and maintain a cost-effective, trouble-free lighting solution for their facility.
Easy System Management
Learn about Control-Link
®
, the only service of its kind, providing 24/7 monitoring and allowing you to schedule, control, and manage your lights with the touch of a smart phone.
Learn more
SERVICES/SUPPORT
Replacement Parts & Services
Musco Finance
Warranty
Facility Management
Control-Link Central™
Musco Apps
INFORMATION
Contact Us
Careers
Find Your Representative
Request Information
Terms of Use
Project Showcase
PRODUCTS
Sports Lighting
Transportation & Infrastructure
Temporary Lighting
Control-Link®
©2018 Musco Sports Lighting, LLC.