Every day, NanoMech is shipping globally to Fortune 100 companies as well as to emerging companies who have chosen to innovate their way to the top by incorporating our nano-engineered solutions into disruptive and far more competitive products. Overnight, NanoMech has brought revolutionary and transformative innovation to world leaders in automotive, transportation and trucking; retail; energy manufacturing, exploration and service; truck and marine manufacturing; Indy and NASCAR racing; agriculture and construction equipment manufacturers; refining and formulating lubrication manufacturers; aerospace manufacturing; textile manufacturers; and advanced military applications.
Visit the NanoverseTM to learn more about our capabilities
Choose A Video
Jim Phillips, Recipient of the 2016 Edison Award, interviewed in New YorK
Welcome to the Global Nanomanufacturing Engine
We ThinkSmall™ to deliver big product innovations. Our award winning innovations in critical application sectors are making a difference to improve quality of life. NanoMech was founded in 2002 as a research company, and today the transformed company has given the world breakthrough nano-innovations in machining and manufacturing, lubrication and energy, adaptive chemistries for advanced textile coatings, indestructible metal surface coatings, biomedical implant coatings and strategic military applications.
Every day, NanoMech Inudstries is shipping globally to Fortune 100 companies as well as to emerging companies who have chosen to innovate their way to the top by incorporating our nano-engineered solutions into disruptive and far more competitive products. Overnight, NanoMech has brought revolutionary and transformative innovation to world leaders in energy manufacturing, exploration and service; auto, truck and marine manufacturing; Indy and NASCAR racing; agriculture and construction equipment manufacturers; refining and formulating lubrication manufacturers; aerospace manufacturing; textile manufacturers; and advanced military applications.
NanoMech invests in world class people, ideas and tools to increase competitiveness in the global marketplace. We bring ideas from innovation to implementation, introducing nanomanufactured products to target markets in record time. This has led to our development of The Best Oil in the World™, The Best Grease in the World™, and The Best Cutting Tools in the World™. Nanomanufacturing is anticipated to be the fastest growing technological and commercial innovation in the 21st Century.
NanoMech is focused on patented platform nanomanufacturing technologies that offer a broad range of high value market opportunities. The operating vision of NanoMech is to be the Six Sigma world leader in nanomanufacturing innovation with swift product development and an emphasis on platform technologies that are scalable for efficient mass production.
We stand at the threshold of an age in which materials and devices can be fashioned atom-by-atom to satisfy specified design requirements. Nanotechnology-based applications are arising that were not even imagined a decade ago. The range of potential application is broad and will have enormous consequences for electronics, energy transformation and storage, materials, and medicine and health, to name a few examples. Indeed, the scope of this technology is so broad as to leave virtually no product untouched.
U.S. Rep. Bart Gordon (D-Tenn.), Former Chairman of the House Committee on Science and Technology
The platform’s unprecedented ability to synthesize, deposit, manipulate, and integrate novel materials at a nanoscale level allows it to create durable and customizable products.
Dan Carroll Appointed President of  NanoMech’s Automotive and Industrial Group
Dan Carroll Appointed President of NanoMech’s Automotive and Industrial Group Carroll to Oversee NanoMech’s Automotive and Industrial Growth Strategy Springdale, Ark. (July 16, 2018) – NanoMech today announced the appointment of Dan Carroll as president of NanoMech’s automotive and industrial group. As president, Carroll will assemble a sales and engineering team and oversee NanoMech’s penetration […]
Site Hosted by WhyteSpyder