Corporate Information About Nissan | Nissan USA
Search
All Vehicles
Cars
Electric Cars
Sports Cars
Crossovers & SUVs
Trucks
Commercial Vehicles
NISMO Cars
Future & Concept
Certified Pre-Owned
Build & Price
Search Inventory
Get a Brochure
Locate a Dealer
Get Trade-In Value
Estimate Credit Score
Get Internet Quote
Estimate Payments
Commercial Shopping Tools
Shopping Tools
Nissan Intelligent Mobility
NISMO Performance
Nissan Blog
Partnerships
Social Media
Nissan Connect
Overview
Explore Vehicles
Nissan Fleet
Shopping Tools
Offers & Financing
Owners
Search
Enter your search term
Back
Versa® Sedan
Versa® Note®
Sentra®
Altima®
Maxima®
Nissan LEAF®
Nissan LEAF®
370Z® Coupe
370Z® Roadster
GT-R®
Kicks®
Rogue Sport™
Rogue®
Murano®
Pathfinder®
Armada®
Frontier®
TITAN®
TITAN XD® 
Frontier®
TITAN®
TITAN XD® 
NV200® Compact Cargo
NV® Cargo
NV® Passenger
NV200® Taxi
Frontier®
TITAN®
TITAN XD® 
NV200® Compact Cargo
NV® Cargo
NV® Passenger
NV200® Taxi
Show menu
About Nissan
Corporate Info
Corporate Responsibility
Investor Relations
Nissan Green Program
Our Promise
Diversity 
Heritage
Show more
Corporate Info
CORPORATE INFO
OVERVIEW
NISSAN IN NORTH AMERICA
Biographies
Asset-Backed Securities
OVERVIEW
Nissan is made up of a richly diverse group of people, as reflected in the company's leadership team and the numerous corporate outreach programs in which we participate in the community. Together, we have what it takes to build cars and trucks with the power to change both the way you view the world and the way you move in it.
For information about Nissan's worldwide operations, visit 
.
Annual Reports

Whether you're an investor, a potential employee or just an interested Nissan owner, we want you to know how we are doing financially. For the most recent financial reports for Nissan Motor Co., Ltd., visit 
Global Investor Relations
.
New Supplier Opportunities

If you are not a current supplier and are interested in business opportunities with Nissan, please complete the Supplier Business Profile and return it to:
Nissan North America, Inc.
Nissan will acknowledge receipt of your information with an e-mail. As requirements for your products and/or services arise, the appropriate Nissan purchasing representative will contact you.
Download the Supplier Business Profile. 
NISSAN IN NORTH AMERICA
Nissan Canada
In Canada, Nissan Canada Inc. markets and distributes Nissan and Infiniti vehicles to Canadian dealerships. With offices in Vancouver (BC), Mississauga (ON), and Kirkland (QC), NCI directly employs 250 full-time staff. There are 187 independent Nissan dealerships, 38 Infiniti retailers and 45 Nissan Commercial Vehicle dealers across Canada.
Nissan Canada Finance
Nissan Canada Finance Inc. (NCFI) offers financial and training services to Canada's Nissan and Infiniti dealers. NCFI employs 53 people and helps dealers build long-term relationships with customers by extending financing on purchases ranging from an individual customer's new Altima to a company's purchase of a fleet of Nissan forklifts. To better serve customers, NCFI also offers training programs to Nissan's retail employees.
Nissan Canada Finance Inc.
Nissan Design America
Nissan Design America (NDA) began as Nissan Design International in 1979 in San Diego, established as a "satellite studio" for Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. with less than a dozen members. Its original mission was to provide a local perspective on the North American market and generate innovative ideas and design. After more than 30 years in operation, NDA is now a full-production automotive design studio capable of handling all phases of automotive design development, from exploratory to production.
NDA is part of the Global Nissan Design organization, which consists of Global Nissan Design Center (GNDC, Atsugi, Japan), Nissan Design Europe (London), Creative Box, Inc. (Tokyo, Japan), Nissan Design China (Beijing, China) and NDA.
NDA designs vehicles with emphasis on the Americas region with sensitivity for the global market, in close collaboration with its counterparts at GNDC and Nissan Technical Centers in Japan and North America. NDA’s recent designs include: all-new 2013 Nissan Altima, NV commercial vehicles, 370Z sports coupe, Maxima sports sedan, Rogue compact crossover SUV, Altima coupe, Sentra compact sedan, Titan full-size truck, and Armada full-size SUV, to name but a few.
Besides the dozens of automotive projects undertaken for Nissan, NDA has engaged in a wide variety of non-automotive design projects over the years. These have included a 150-foot yacht, preschool furniture, golf clubs, medical devices, personal light aircraft and Class A catamaran, etc.
Nissan Design America
Nissan Mexicana
Nissan Mexicana, S.A. de C.V., (NMEX), was established in 1961 as an importer and distributor of Datsun vehicles. In 1966, NMEX became the first Japanese-owned automobile production facility in North America. Since then, the company has exported more than 5 million vehicles, including the Sentra and Versa for North America. Today, with an annual vehicle manufacturing capacity of more than 800,000, NMEX’s three manufacturing facilities produce vehicles, engines and other parts for global distribution, making it the largest car manufacturer and exporter in the country. NMEX has more than 14,500 employees in all of its manufacturing, distribution, R&D and corporate facilities. Since 2009, Nissan has been the best-selling brand in the country with a market share of over 25 percent.
Nissan Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.
Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation
Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation (NMAC), including its Infiniti Financial Services (IFS) division, is the automotive financial services arm of Nissan North America. Established in 1981, NMAC's primary emphasis is to provide purchase and lease financing for the complete line of Nissan and Infiniti vehicles to consumers throughout the United States. The company offers financing for the complete line of Nissan and Infiniti vehicles sold in the United States.
NMAC's Customer Center in Dallas, Texas, is responsible for all credit services, customer service operations, and support functions. NMAC's Franklin, Tennessee, office, which is the company's headquarters, is responsible for marketing, finance, accounting, and re-marketing (the disposition of off-lease, fleet, credit, and corporate vehicles). NMAC Regional Financial Services Managers offer information about NMAC's financial products and programs to over 1,250 Nissan and Infiniti dealers nationwide.
NMAC Corporate Office
NMAC Customer Center
Nissan North America
Nissan first came to the United States to sell vehicles in 1958 and began importing and making Datsun vehicles in the United States under the Nissan Motor Corporation in U.S.A. (NMC), name in 1960. In 1990, Nissan North America Inc. (NNA), was created to coordinate all of Nissan's various activities in North America to enhance the design, development, manufacturing, and marketing of Nissan vehicles. In 1998, the two organizations merged operations under the Nissan North America, Inc., name. Headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee, Nissan's North American operations include automotive styling, engineering, consumer and corporate financing, sales and marketing, distribution and manufacturing for the United States, Canada, and Mexico.
Nissan North America Inc.
Nissan North America - U.S. Manufacturing
Nissan has four manufacturing facilities in the United States - in Smyrna and Decherd, Tennessee, and Canton, Mississippi. Production at Nissan's Smyrna Vehicle Assembly Plant began in June 1983. The Smyrna Plant has an annual production capacity of 640,000 vehicles and represents a capital investment of $6 billion. The plant produces the Nissan Altima, Maxima, LEAF, Rogue, Pathfinder and Infiniti QX60.
The vehicle assembly plant in Canton, Mississippi, began producing vehicles in May 2003. The plant now produces the Nissan Altima, Frontier, Titan, Murano and NV Cargo and Passenger Vans. The plant has an annual production capacity of 450,000 vehicles.
Nissan's powertrain assembly plant in Decherd, Tennessee, began production in May 1997. Today the plant manufactures all the engines for the complete lineup of Nissan and Infiniti vehicles produced in the U.S. The plant also forges crankshafts and cylinder block castings.
Infiniti’s powertrain assembly plant in Decherd, Tennessee, began production in June 2014. The plant assembles 2.0-liter 4-cylinder gasoline engines for the Infiniti Q50 sports sedan and Mercedes-Benz C-Class and their derivatives. The 310,000-square foot facility was developed as a collaboration between the Renault-Nissan Alliance and Daimler AG.
Nissan Smyrna Vehicle Assembly Plant
Nissan Canton Vehicle Assembly Plant
Nissan Decherd Powertrain Plant
Infiniti Decherd Powertrain Plant
Nissan Technical Center North America
Nissan Technical Center North America (NTCNA) is responsible for blending technology and engineering to create cars that deliver total customer satisfaction. This process involves interaction and cooperation among all technical departments, which results in "total vehicle development."
NTCNA has a proving ground facility located on 3,050 acres in Stanfield, Arizona. Arizona's low desert terrain provides NTCNA with an ideal environment to test Nissan vehicles for hot weather, heat durability, engine cooling and air conditioner performance. The NTCNA proving ground also features a 5.7 mile high-speed oval and four individual road courses designed to test vehicle durability, reliability, and ride comfort.
NTCNA employs over 1,200 people and represents an investment of $238 million. NTCNA has operations at the following locations:
Nissan Technical Center North America – Farmington Hills, MI
Nissan Research Center Silicon Valley – Sunnyvale, CA
Arizona Test Center – Stanfield, AZ
e-Powertrain Technical Affairs and Testing Center – West Sacramento, CA
Nissan Design America – San Diego, CA
Nissan Technical Center North America
Biographies
 Hiroto Saikawa
CEO and Representative Director
Hiroto Saikawa is currently President and Chief Executive Officer of Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. (NML), a global automotive company with more than 240,000 employees and over US$110 billion in revenue. He has held this position since April 1, 2017, after serving as co-CEO from October 2016. He is also a representative director of NML.
Between January 2014 and October 2016, Mr. Saikawa was Nissan’s Chief Competitive Officer (CCO), where he led Research and Development, Manufacturing, Supply chain management, Purchasing and Total customer satisfaction. Since 1999, he has served in a variety of senior management positions at Nissan throughout the world, including Chairman of the Management Committees of the Americas and Europe. He has also served as the Executive Vice President of Purchasing. In addition to his responsibilities at Nissan, Mr. Saikawa is the current Chairman of the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA). He previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of Renault between 2006 and 2016.
Mr. Saikawa joined NML immediately following his graduation from Tokyo University in 1977. He speaks Japanese and English.
Career History
Apr
2017
 President and Chief Executive Officer
Nov
2016
 Representative Director, Co- Chief Executive Officer
Jan
2014
 Representative Director, Chief Competitive Officer
Jun
2011
 Representative Director, Executive Vice President
Jun
2005
 Member of the Board of Directors and Executive Vice President
Apr
2005
 Executive Vice President
Apr
2003
 Senior Vice President, Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
Apr
2001
 Renault Nissan Purchasing Organization
Oct
2000
 General Manager of Purchasing Strategy Dept.
Jul
1998
 Nissan Europe N.V.
Apr
1977
 Joined Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.
To view more biographies, visit 
.
Asset-Backed Securities
Visit the 
Investor Relations
 page for Asset Back Securities Information.
Global Investor Relations
.
Corporate Info
Buying
See All Vehicles
Build Your Nissan
Search Inventory
Compare Competitors
Get a Brochure
Estimate Payments
Estimate Credit Score
Get Trade-In Value
Get Internet Quote
Locate a Dealer
Owning
Owner Portal
Manuals & Guides
Nissan Service
Parts & Accessories eStore
Nissan Navigation Store
NissanConnect
One to One Rewards
Collision Assistance
NMAC Payment Options
Finance Customer Support
About
Nissan Intelligent Mobility
Experience Nissan
Future & Concept Vehicles
Performance / NISMO
Snug Kids
Nissan Visa® Credit Card
Certified Pre-Owned
News and Events
Nissan Commercial Vehicles
Toggle Social menu
Social
facebook
twitter
instagram
googleplus
youtube
Innovation that excites
Home
Contact Us
About Nissan
Choose Nissan
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Recalls
© Nissan 2018