You haven't seen it until you see it in VR.
Oculus Go offers front row tickets, a private theater and more starting at $199 USD*.
*Refer to important terms and conditions below
Let your mind explore
Oculus radically redefines digital entertainment. Immerse yourself in games or go inside your favorite movies. Time travel, space travel, or hang out with friends in VR.
Oculus Experiences
Offer Terms For Selected Shipping Country.
*Offer valid on qualifying purchases at www.oculus.com between 11/30/18 21:00 PST through 12/09/18 23:59 PST. Cannot be combined with other offers or discounts. Discount automatically applied at check out. Not valid on prior purchases. Not valid for cash or cash equivalent. Limited to 3 Oculus Go and 3 Rift devices per transaction. Offer price includes shipping costs and taxes, except for the U.S. where taxes are excluded from the offer price. Facebook Technologies, LLC reserves the right to cancel or modify this offer at any time without notice. Applicable taxes for U.S. purchases will be listed prior to check out based on the information you provide.
Select your shipping country:
Price shown is for shipping to United States of America. Applicable tax and shipping costs to be listed prior to checkout based on information you provide. Oculus Quest has not been authorized as required by the rules of the Federal Communications Commission. Oculus Quest is not, and may not be, offered for sale or lease, or sold or leased, until authorization is obtained.
Sign Up
Notify Me
+
The more memory your Oculus Go comes with, the more entertainment you can take with you.
Different types of content take up varying amounts of space on your device. The examples below are estimates of how much each device could hold at one time.
64GB
32GB
3 HD Movies, 10 Games, 20 Apps
1Setup requires an iPhone® (iOS 10 or higher) or Android™ (6.0 Marshmallow or higher) smartphone, the Oculus App (free download), 802.11 b/g/n wireless Internet access, and an Oculus account. Additional details available here .
2 Available storage less than shown due to existing software.