Patent license permits LG Chem to utilize boehmite separators for lithium-ion batteries
WOBURN, Mass., April 18, 2016 — Optodot Corporation recently granted a license to LG Chem Ltd. under a patent portfolio controlled by Optodot covering batteries, cells, separators and electrolyte members comprising boehmite.
Organic solar cells offer lower cost materials compared to traditional inorganic solar cells. Optodot holds patents covering organic photovoltaic cells with new electron donor and hole transport materials.  These materials are strongly infrared absorbing and convert sunlight to electricity in the ultraviolet, visible, and infrared regions. Learn more >>
Optodot’s infrared (IR) optical materials have a variety of features that are desirable in multiple markets, ranging from Security Markings (security / identification, anti-counterfeiting / authentication, and financial transaction cards), to premium Energy-Conserving Window Film,  to Optical Communications, and beyond. Optodot’s IR optical films block/reflect 95% of the infrared spectrum despite their low visible color. Learn more >>
Lithium Ion Battery Technology
Conventional lithium ion battery separators reinforced with a ceramic coating have demonstrated significant improvements to the safety, cycle life, and performance of lithium ion batteries (LIBs), leading to widespread industry adoption in everything from smartphones to large-format lithium ion batteries for electric vehicles (xEVs) and other high-energy or high-power applications.  Learn more >>
W
Optodot Corporation has developed the world’s first flexible, free-standing all-ceramic nanoporous membrane separator, NPORE®, for lithium ion batteries. NPORE® separators provide superior functionality and outstanding heat resistance for current and next-generation lithium ion batteries.   Learn more >>
W
Electrode Coated Separators
Optodot’s Electrode Coated Separator technology, funded by the DOE, aims to reduce the cost of manufacturing lithium ion batteries and the cost of the inactive components by 20-40%, while improving their safety, lifetime, and energy and power density, by incorporating new, inactive components of separator, current collectors, and termination materials, and by utilizing a simpler and faster battery assembly process.  Learn more >>
Optodot Corporation is an intellectual property, specialty products, and contract services company specializing in advanced coatings for a variety of applications. Our unique materials platforms are covered by over sixty US and international pending and issued patents.  Through strategic partnerships and licensing, our technologies have been used for products ranging from security labeling to energy-conserving window films. Product development is ongoing for the lithium ion battery separator markets. Since its founding in 2000, Optodot has worked both with private-sector companies (from startups to Global 100’s) and with federal agencies, such as the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy. Optodot continues to seek business partners and licensees to commercialize products for better energy, security, and communications solutions that benefit people and our planet.
To learn more about our company, our products, and technology licensing opportunities, please contact us.