PARC
Translating science  into breakthrough innovations
At PARC, we bring together scientific creativity and expertise to help organizations turn possibilities into real breakthroughs.
PARC
Exploring scientific frontiers through Open Innovation
Our Open Innovation model is realized in a series of Focus Areas. Together, these guide how we’re shaping the future of technology.
PARC
Accelerating your organization’s innovation journey
We partner with startups, Fortune 500 companies and government agencies alike to reduce the time and risk attached to innovation.
Case study
Case study: Enabling Smarter Skin Care with Machine Learning
See how PARC collaborated with Olay to develop a machine learning-powered platform that enables smarter, more personalized skin care for women.
We work with global industrial and government organizations, providing solutions that help them respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape.
We work with global industrial and government organizations, providing solutions that help them respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape.
focus area
We work with global industrial and government organizations, providing solutions that help them respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape.
about parc
Solving your innovation challenges
We believe that science can be the starting point for economic impact. We combine intellectual rigor with professional curiosity, revered history with immediate energy, and diverse capabilities with commercial focus to help organizations find technological solutions to complex challenges.
Working with PARC means having a dedicated research partner that thinks laterally to solve problems. For every new project or partnership, we form a custom, multi-disciplinary team, full of ideas and expertise, so every client benefits from truly unique thinking.
While our focus is on creating technologies that improve the world, PARC is a people business. Our innovators drive our approach to scientific creativity. Whether you’re an R&D director, science professional or ambitious startup, we can help you explore possibilities and embed new technologies at pace.
blog
Explainable AI: PARC’s COGLE Project with DARPA
“We are interested in enabling common ground between people and machine-learning systems,” says PARC Research Fellow Mark Stefik
Working at PARC
Explore new scientific frontiers with our team of world-leading scientists and innovators
People are integral to PARC’s mission, values and ideas. We want to continuously improve the human experience of technology, and are always looking for new colleagues who can make that happen.
To achieve our goals, we look to make PARC a place where entrepreneurial scientists can thrive, where scientific creativity becomes real innovation, and where everyone can make an impact. We offer the stability of a large company, the entrepreneurial spirit of a startup, and the intellectually stimulating environment of academia.
When you’re with us, you’ll enjoy freedom and autonomy, working for different clients across multiple industries, and collaborating with the best and brightest minds in technology.
If you want to create solutions to the most challenging innovation problems in the world, we want you.
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
News
PARC scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
Japan