Toggle Audio
Piksel designs, builds, develops and manages successful video solutions to clients of all sizes across the broadcast media industries. For almost 15 years, we have been a highly-trusted partner to our customers, using advanced technologies to deliver world first solutions for some of the world’s largest media companies, with the goal of driving revenue, reducing costs and improving services.
We help you get to the heart of your viewers’ interests and preferences. Because understanding how, where and why they consume content is key to creating higher value and engagement. Together, with our open modular platform, Piksel can help you deliver the right content, at a lower cost of entry, right from the start.
Unleash valuable content
Look beyond traditional distribution and find new opportunities to make your video content constantly and readily available. With consistent, broadcast-level support, our cloud platform allows you to unleash and monetize all of your content by opening new channels where more viewers can have high-quality video experiences.
Deliver infinite content at a predictable cost
Distribute your content efficiently and cost-effectively through the channels you choose, without having to invest in specialized technology resources or costly hardware platforms. When you partner with Piksel, we provide solutions to help expand your reach, so you can focus on increasing viewer satisfaction while still controlling cost.
Our customers…
By the numbers…
Our products
Effectively delivering the best customer experiences is difficult when metadata is siloed across an organisation and difficult to manage. Fuse Metadata Manager enables you to manage complex editorial workflows and consolidate their metadata into a single, coherent, low latency dataset, creating a highly accurate, consolidated view through a single tool across content processing, ingest, catalogue management, presentation and publishing workflows. This gives the ability to manage the complete metadata lifecycle, leading to a more organised back office, improved ability to match and aggregate content and an enhanced quality of experience. Fuse Metadata Manager is currently being deployed by some of the largest broadcasters and pay-TV providers in the world.
Digital Signage is a solution that can help to simplify your internal communications while amplifying their effectiveness. With over 25 years delivering signage solutions, we can demonstrate how to easily and efficiently combine your digital media assets with social feeds and other company news, to create a compelling internal TV channel that carries the unique voice of your brand. Digital Signage will help you motivate, train and enhance your connection with your workforce, enabling you to grow employee loyalty, engagement, pride and well-being, while encouraging them to help promote your business, lower turnover and in the end, raise productivity.
Launching GO Online TV was all about helping our Millennial audience access the highest quality content via the technology which suits them best – at the moment we’re seeing usage split across smartphones 30%, tablets 30% and PC/ desktop 40% – and we’re very excited to see how the recent introduction of GO Online TV on smart TVs influences this mix.
Mark Billinge – Chief Technology Officer, OSN
Bob Greene – Director of Online Entertainment
Al Cecere President
Charlotte Light – Head of Service Delivery
Launching GO Online TV was all about helping our Millennial audience access the highest quality content via the technology which suits them best – at the moment we’re seeing usage split across smartphones 30%, tablets 30% and PC/ desktop 40% – and we’re very excited to see how the recent introduction of GO Online TV on smart TVs influences this mix.
Mark Billinge – Chief Technology Officer, OSN
Bob Greene – Director of Online Entertainment
Al Cecere President
Charlotte Light – Head of Service Delivery
Our partners…
Why Piksel?
We understand business needs and requirements and develop advanced technology solutions to solve the complex technology challenges facing our clients. Our micro services architecture, the Piksel Palette (TM), enables us to deliver agile products and tailored solutions that meet challenges of delivering OTT services to reach current and new customers, reducing cost, increasing reach and speeding time to market, and broadcast and on demand workflows across analogue and digital sides of the business for better delivery.
Our core products – Fuse Metadata Manager, Digital Showcase (TM), Digital Enterprise (TM) and Fuse Publisher – combined with our bespoke software, managed services and flexible business model enable us to deliver flexible solutions quickly, and cost-effectively tailored to your specifications.
Get in touch
To learn more about our solutions and services, check out our industry specific subsidiaries or drop us a line here.
First Name*
Last Name*
Select Area of Interest*
Piksel needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy.
Mon
14
Piksel introduces next-generation Video Content Management System (VCMS) and announces VCMS²
York, May 14, 2018 -- Piksel, a global provider of software solutions for the media and broadcast industry, announced the arrival of its next-generation content management solution succeeding its successful VCMS product, used by media and publishing firms globally.
Simon Fell Joins Piksel Board of Directors
York, United Kingdom — May 10, 2018 — Piksel, Inc., a global provider of professional and managed services underpinned by its state-of-the-art video platform, the Piksel Palette™, today announced that Simon Fell has joined its board of directors. Mr. Fell was most recently the Director of Technology and Innovation at the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). There he led the team spearheading developments in broadcast, media technologies and innovation based in Geneva.
Piksel Group selected for AWS Well Architected partner programme
 York, United Kingdom — May 8, 2018 — Piksel Group, a global provider of professional and managed services, today announced it is one of the first UK businesses to be selected for AWS’ new Well-Architected Partner Programme.