PPG + HGTV Designer Leanne Ford
Leanne Ford from HGTV’s Restored by the Fords partners with PPG to introduce the perfect white paint palette to give homeowners DIY confidence.
PPG Brand Brings the Outside In with 2019 Color of the Year: Night Watch
Classic luxury meets the restorative power of nature in this trending deep green.
The Power of Paint
After 130 years in the business, we know paint can do more than just change the color of your walls. Discover the power of paint.
The PPG Science Pavilion is Built to Inspire
The PPG Science Pavilion at the Carnegie Science Center is a dynamic destination for discovery to help prepare the young people of today for opportunities of tomorrow.
Sustainability is how we do business.
PPG’s sustainability efforts go beyond product innovations to extend to our customers’ operations and the communities in which we operate.
See how we're revitalizing communities and refurbishing neighborhoods in need throughout Mexico and embellishing outdoor spaces with colorful urban art.
We launched our Colorful Communities program with a mission to transform schools, hospitals, gardens and playgrounds where our employees live and thrive. See what we've accomplished so far.
See how our community efforts brighten local neighborhoods, lift spirits, and make the world more colorful.
From industries to families, we've got you covered.
If our paints and coatings can protect commercial jets, you can be confident they can protect your house or DIY project against whatever life throws at it.
It takes openness, energy, and perspective to make the world a more beautiful place.
At PPG, everyone has a role in protecting and beautifying the world. It's our individual heritage and unique perspectives that make us stronger together.
The Power of Color
We celebrate the paint colours that surround us and the feelings they inspire. Our technical expertise across industries helps make the world a more beautiful place.
It takes teamwork, appreciation, and encouragement to make the world a more beautiful place.
At PPG, everyone has a role in protecting and beautifying the world. It's our individual heritage and unique perspectives that make us stronger together.
It takes understanding, drive, and a positive perspective to make the world a more beautiful place.
At PPG, everyone has a role in protecting and beautifying the world. It's our individual heritage and unique perspectives that make us stronger together.
11/30/2018
10/31/2018
10/22/2018
PPG earns awards for innovative multi-surface waterproofer, OLYMPIC® SmartGuard sealer
A first-of-its-kind in North America, Olympic SmartGuard is a concentrated clear multi-surface waterproofer in a pouch formulated for easy use and spray application. Available on HomeDepot.com, the product dries in as little as one hour, and a single pouch can cover as much as two gallons of traditional waterproofing products.
PPG has received the 2018 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Award from the British Coatings Federation (BCF) for the second consecutive year. The award recognises the company that has clearly demonstrated an outstanding and successful charity or CSR campaign across any aspect of social responsibility.
PPG and Powercast Corporation  will produce ultra-thin and wirelessly powered printed electronics products. The advanced solutions combine PPG TESLIN® substrate , PPG conductive inks and Powercast’s POWERHARVESTER® receiver technology for delivering over-the-air wireless power.
Powercast and PPG will introduce LED-based wireless illumination solutions for smart consumer packaging and smart identification (ID) cards, which enable enhanced security. With this technology, smart consumer packaging lights up to showcase products on a shelf. Smart ID cards also illuminate to permit or deny access to restricted areas or to verify user credentials. 
What happens when we collaborate with customers on innovation and sustainability? We win together.
Our commitment to innovation is intertwined with growth and sustainability and extend to our customers’ operations and the communities in which we operate. In 2017, 32 percent of sales from products that provide customers with a sustainable advantage, an increase of 60 percent since 2012.
Our coatings, materials and technologies reduce corrosion, extending the life of our customers’ products. We also help our customers reduce energy usage and emissions, protect their employees and minimize waste and water consumption through the use of our products.
Diversity of employees is a core focus area for PPG, because unique perspectives across multiple nationalities, cultures, languages and ethnicities allow the company to meet challenges quickly, creatively and effectively.
PPG ranks on Fortune ‘Most Admired’ list for 10 consecutive years
PPG is again included on Fortune magazine's 2018 “World's Most Admired Companies" list in the chemicals sector. PPG has been included on this list for 10 consecutive years.
PPG earns 100 percent on Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 16th annual scorecard on LGBTQ workplace equality
ShareThis Copy and Paste