Propagation Research Associates, Inc.
Propagation Research Associates (PRA) is a small company with a highly motivated and innovative staff consisting of physicists, mathematicians, and electrical engineers.  The company was established to develop solutions to today's problems in the defense and commercial sectors and has been successful due to its highly capable and flexible staff.  At PRA, we focus on research, design, and development of algorithms and devices for improving signal propagation performance and capabilities for RF, infrared, and optical sensors.
PRA develops cutting edge technologies for the U.S. Government and private industry.  This research is conducted primarily through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program.
Dr. Holder's book on radar interferometry is available at amazon.com
Atmospheric Measurements, Modeling, and Applications
PRA is developing a system that measures distortions on signals of opportunity and      inverts these measurements to determine the state of the atmosphere that caused     the distortions.  This technology is being developed for the mitigation of radar     propagation errors that occur at low elevation operations.  This system will     enable radars to detect and track targets at longer range.  The system involves     solving the stochastic wave equation using real-time estimates of the atmospheric     media.
Precision Positioning and Orientation Technology
PRA is developing technologies for the generation of coded fields that enable compatible     receivers to determine their own location and orientation and that of their targets.     This technology is being developed for guiding smart munitions, significantly reducing the     cost of achieving intercept for low-cost proliferated threats.  In addition, this technology     is being used to track participants in immersive training simulators.
Adaptive Interference Cancellation
PRA is developing an innovative approach to adaptively cancel strong interference. This unique process can be used to mitigate various interference sources including noise jamming, RF interference, and discrete and distributed clutter.