What is eRapa™?
eRapa™ inhibits the progression and recurrence of cancer. Research has shown Rapamycin rejuvenates the immune system exhausted by age and cancer exposure and helps attack early stage bladder and prostate cancer cells.
The Research
eRapa™ was developed at the Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, and is the only pharmaceutical agent tested thus far to demonstrate significantly increased health span and lifespan in rodent models.
Prevention of Cancer Progression and Recurrence
Early evidence shows a potential for eRapa™ to prevent the progression and recurrence of prostate and bladder cancer, meeting a significant unmet need in the marketplace.
Cognitive Dysfunction
Scientists at the Barshop Institute have demonstrated that orally administered eRapa™ can prevent the development of Alzheimer’s pathologies in mice.
eRapa™ News
Over the past decade, (Rapamycin) has shown promise as a drug that not only can extend life by delaying the onset of aging-related diseases such as cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer’s disease, but also postpone the effects of normal aging.
WHAT IS eRAPA™?
eRapa™ inhibits the progression and recurrence of cancer. Research has shown eRapa rejuvenates the immune system exhausted by age and cancer exposure. Click here to read more.
THE RESEARCH
eRapa™ was developed at the Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, and is the only pharmaceutical agent tested thus far to demonstrate significantly increased health span and lifespan in rodent models. Click here to read more.
CANCER PREVENTION
Early evidence shows a potential for eRapa™ to prevent the progression of prostate cancer and Familial Adenomatous Polyposis, a precursor to colon cancer, meeting a significant unmet need in the marketplace. Click here to read more.
COGNITIVE DYSFUNCTION
Scientists at the Barshop Institute have demonstrated that orally administered eRapa™ can prevent the development of Alzheimer’s pathologies in mice. Click here to read more.
eRAPA NEWS
Over the past decade, Rapamycin has shown promise as a drug that not only can extend life by delaying the onset of aging-related diseases such as cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer’s disease, but also postpone the effects of normal aging. Click here to read more.