Sangamo Therapeutics is conducting landmark studies to treat hemophilia, inherited metabolic disorders, beta thalassemia, and other serious diseases at the genomic level.
Sangamo uses the most precise, specific, and efficient technologies for developing genome editing therapeutics.
Our mission is to translate our groundbreaking science into therapies that transform patients’ lives. These are the people we serve.
FROM SCIENCE TO MEDICINE
Sangamo Therapeutics is at the forefront of a new era of genomic medicines that aim to transform the lives of people living with serious genetic diseases.
Sangamo has developed expertise in gene therapy, genome editing, cell therapy, and gene regulation technologies.
Meet Roxanna
"I feel very blessed and fortunate to be an employee here at Sangamo.  From the very first day I stepped foot into this company, the feeling I’ve had was something I have not felt in previous companies that I have worked for.  The warmth and welcome of the staff made it a very nice environment to be in.  Indeed, it makes a huge difference in your life to love coming into work every day especially when the people you work with are very down to earth."
"I started my career working on the Human Genome Project constructing DNA libraries used for mapping and sequencing human chromosomes. Working at Sangamo gives me the opportunity to work with a dynamic team of researchers focused on curing human diseases. It is gratifying when your contributions have the potential to improve the quality of life!"
"The science, the people, and the possibilities. That’s what keeps me coming back after more than 18 years in the research department.  It’s exciting to be on the cutting edge of a developing field and I’ve certainly learned a lot along the way. I believe we can deliver therapeutics that will really help our patients, what could be more fulfilling than that?"
"Sangamo is a very exciting company to work for. I have always felt very welcomed and honored to work here.  The staff is very cheerful and pleasant.  They make it effortless to come to work every day.  I look forward to see what sangamo has in store for the future."
With an experienced management team, scientific and clinical expertise and a clear vision, Sangamo Therapeutics is focused on delivering best-in-class genomic therapies to people living with serious genetic diseases.