Close
Ads are currently disabled
×
News & Politics
Economy & Innovation
Culture
Science & Health
Food
Life Stories
Marketplace
Video
Support Journalism
About
News & Politics
Economy & Innovation
Culture
Science & Health
Food
Life Stories
Marketplace
Video
About
sign in to 
salon
Welcome!
Please sign in with Facebook or Google below:
Don't have an account?
sign in
Forgot Password?
Hello, 
!
Why live Xmas trees are the green choice
Nicole Karlis
Editor's Picks
Hasan Minhaj on the joy of “Patriot Act”
Melanie McFarland
Why are there no good Hanukkah movies?
Matthew Rozsa
Smart Watch: “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
Melanie McFarland
Get the lead out: Pencils are garbage
Mary Elizabeth Williams
Hasan Minhaj on the joy of “Patriot Act”
Melanie McFarland
How Silicon Valley undermines democracy
Robert R. Raymond
Pollution is making whale meat toxic—but imprudent activism makes some double-down on eating whale
Beware the “bipartisan” trap: Democrats should resist pointless “compromise”
“Generation Wealth” documentarian Lauren Greenfield on how the rich are destroying civilization
General Motors’ big cuts offer more proof of Trump’s working-class double cross
Jews deserve a better Hanukkah movie than Adam Sandler’s “Eight Crazy Nights”
Smart Watch: Emmy winner “Mrs. Maisel” is still marvelous in a dazzling season 2
Get the lead out: Pencils are garbage
No tears for Paul Ryan: On the short, unhappy tenure of the worst House speaker ever
Would “F Is for Family” patriarch Frank Murphy vote for Trump? Bill Burr says yes
“The Once and Future Worker” is Romney loyalist, Oren Cass’s labor theory of value
Get ready for Mueller’s end game
Fast-track your DJ-ing ambitions with this training course
This 3-port charger can be used universally and wirelessly
Impeachment isn’t the only way: How past presidents were removed from office
Paul Schrader wants better moviegoers, says audiences don’t take films seriously
Alan Dershowitz responds: Sex allegations are “outright false” and “thoroughly disproved”
Holiday shopping is not just women’s work
Donald Trump appeals directly to men who suffer from “fragile masculinity,” psychologist finds
The new ad-free Salon: Subscribe today to turn off ads for a faster reading experience
Smoking rates in US have fallen to all-time low, but how did they get so high?
Trump takes a tougher line on Pakistan, but the 2008 Mumbai attack goes unpunished
We’re studying collapsed civilizations so that ours can endure climate change
Democrats taking key leadership jobs have pocketed millions from Pharma
Farmers’ dilemma: Save bees or save themselves
The best chicken breast recipe you’ve never heard of
CNN keeps letting guests and paid commentators lie about climate scientists
Fearless journalism
 in your inbox every day
Sign up for our free newsletter
 • • •
LOAD MORE
Home
About
Advertising
Contact
Corrections
Help
Investor Relations
Privacy
Terms of Service

    Copyright © 2018 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
  