Our clinically proven Rapid Acoustic Pulse (RAP) device uses proprietary acoustic shockwaves to dramatically accelerate the removal of tattoos. We’ve also recently discovered that our device may have the potential to reduce cellulite and blast apart fat cells.
We are science-driven and led by executives and medical advisors from some of the world’s most successful aesthetic and medical device companies.  Let us show you our plans to revolutionize the aesthetics industry.
Over 70 million Americans have at least one tattoo…and over half of them are considering a removal.
But to the vast majority, the current method of removal is simply unacceptable. The current gold standard of care, short pulse laser removal alone, is long, expensive, painful, and often delivers inconsistent results.
Removing a typical tattoo with these current methods can take 10 or more office visits and 1 to 2 years to complete.  Multiple clinical trials have demonstrated the ability of Soliton RAP technology to safely and dramatically reduce the number of treatments and time required to remove a tattoo and in the most recent clinical trial, 100% of these patients achieved complete removal in just 2 or 3 office visits.
For tattoo owners wishing to learn more about our technology, the clinically proven results, and the timeline for the launch of this new technology, click below.
Soliton’s technology is science-driven, supported by extensive preclinical and clinical research.
We have spent $25 million over the last 5 years understanding the biomechanics of tattoos and why short-pulse lasers have such limited efficacy in tattoo removal.  We also understand that, in order for tattoo removal to become an attractive and growing part of your practice, you need to be able to offer faster, more predictable outcomes at an affordable price.
Our research resulted in a breakthrough discovery of what limits the efficacy of lasers in tattoo removal.  That discovery was introduced at the 2017 ASLMS Conference and the dramatic clinical implications were expanded at the 2017 Controversies and Conversations Symposium. The Soliton Multi-Pass treatment protocol combines your existing short-pulse laser with our RAP (Rapid Acoustic Pulse) Device, facilitating multiple Laser and Soliton treatments in a single treatment session to rapidly accelerate tattoo fading.  A tattoo that would normally require 10 or more treatment sessions over a period of 1-2 years may now be removed in just 2-3 treatment sessions.
To review our clinical data and to understand more about how we believe Soliton RAP is positioned to revolutionize the tattoo removal market, click below.
The combination of non-focused, very short rise-time, acoustic shock waves delivered at very high repetition rates required the creation of an entirely new acoustic technology, resulting in 9 different patent applications from our team of scientists and engineers.
Our acoustic waves deliver a treatment that is virtually painless, generates no heat or collateral tissue damage, and works without regard to tattoo color.  Laser efficacy is enhanced, allowing for immediate second or third laser passes in the same treatment session.
Dive deeper into the technology and our plans for the future below.
First Name*
Cell (Optional: Used For Press Releases)
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.