LED TECHNOLOGY
Leading the industry with state-of-the-art LED technology, LED lighting technology is the future of lighting technology. Suncore, together with the world's largest LED provider, offers  LED lighting solutions for customers around the world.  Suncore can provide solutions from LED chips to fully integrated lighting systems.
VERTICAL FARMING
Sunore’s vertical farming technology combines state-of-the-art LED grow lights, and years of industry knowledge, enabling farmers to grow nutritious and great tasting food for their local communities. Breaking from traditional farming methods allows us to lower water use, ensure food security, and grow great food sustainably.
SOLAR CHP
Solar Combined Heat and Power (Solar CHP) systems are revolutionizing the way both hot water and electricity are produced for commercial and industrial buildings. Combining these two renewable technologies Suncore provides the most efficient and cost effective solution to provide heat and power for your needs !
Learn More
Learn More
Learn More
LED LIGHTING
Suncore, the US based subsidiary of the world’s largest LED chip manufacture, is making energy efficiency solutions more accessible to customers around the world. Providing LED chips, OEM/ODM services for light sources and fully integrated lighting systems, Suncore is a one stop shop for companies in the LED industry and for companies wanting top quality LED lighting.  
Vertical farming is changing how we feed the world.The use of Vertical Farming technology for Controlled-environment Agriculture is revolutionizing the food and farming industry. Growing local, no pesticide, healthy and fresh food has never been easier. Suncore’s technology combines state-of-the-art LED grow lights, and years of industry knowledge, enabling farmer to grow nutritious and great-tasting food for their local communities.
SOLAR CHP
Suncore is continuing to innovate and change the world of renewable energy. The Freeform Z10 Solar Combined Heat and Power (CHP) systems, generate hot water and electricity at the same time. This amazing technological advancement is enabling commercial and industrial customers to save more money than ever before while helping the environment stay green.
Suncore is a global technology and service provider dedicated to providing innovative solutions to the energy efficiency and renewable energy markets. Suncore manages a portfolio of cutting-edge technologies in energy efficiency and renewable energy generation.
From LEDs, to solar thermal and electric solutions, Suncore supports its clients with full turnkey solutions. Suncore’s experienced team is able to finance and build projects from full city street light retrofit project through ESPC contracts (Energy Saving Performance Contract), to utility-scale solar power plants.
Assisting customer through every step of the value chain from project financing to EPC (Engineering Procurement and Construction) Suncore is a one stop shop for all customers looking for a true Turnkey worry free approach.
Site Links
Send
Sending