It's the dawn of a new day for solar in America
Learn about the recent merger between Solar Spectrum and Horizon Solar Power
How much do you spend on electricity?
$101-$150 per month
That's getting up there. We can make a dent in your bill.
See how much solar could save you.
GET STARTED
What could you save with sunshine?
Whether you want more control over your electricity costs or an easy way to join our growing movement to power the world with clean, abundant sunshine, we make going solar a positive experience.
You’re the center of our solar system
Everything we do revolves around ensuring you get the Sungevity Energy System that’s right for you. Maybe that’s why one in three of our customers are referred to us by a friend.
Inform
We provide all the details about the solar technology and financing options that work best for you, so you can make an informed decision.
Install
We take care of all the details during the preparation and installation process, so you can just sit back and relax.
Enjoy
Our easy-to-use app provides real-time insights into your energy system, and our guarantee ensures it will perform as promised for 20 years.
You can bank on sunshine
One third of all American homes could pay less for their energy with a home solar power system.* And electricity prices in most areas have been rising.** So not only can you lock in predictable solar costs now, your savings could potentially increase over time. So the sooner you go solar, the more you could save. See how much with a free quote.
The Sungevity Energy System is designed to power your life
The Sungevity Energy System is designed to meet your power needs today, with the flexibility to adapt as your needs change. It’s just a brighter way to do energy.
Let's Go
System size, cost, and availability vary according to location, electricity usage, and utility company. A 6.5 kilowatt system lease starts at $65-155 per month with an annual increase of 0-2.9% each year for 20 years on approved credit. Payment terms vary by location and are not available in all areas. Zero due at lease signing. No security deposit required. Sungevity is not a lender. All loan terms are determined and subject to approval by third party lenders. MA HIC 168430.