packettes and stick packs.
pouch and packette production.
convenient, portable single-serve flexible
offers the revolutionary package that
maintains product freshness and increases
total production and logistical system efficiencies.
Your gateway to global packaging innovation.
T.H.E.M. (Technical Help in Engineering and Marketing) is best known for commercializing Sanko Stick Packaging in the USA. As The Stick Pack Authority, T.H.E.M. has helped put America’s leading beverage brands in this form of single-serve packaging; a perfect complement to bottled water for ‘on the go’ consumers of all ages. Working in conjunction with Power Packaging, an Exel Company, T.H.E.M. offers a comprehensive array of services for your brand, including initial concept development and full-scale national or global stick pack production.
Supply chain continuity is the most important aspect of T.H.E.M.’s business model. At our facilities we do everything from sell and service equipment to provide full-scale contract packaging. Our customers rely on us to evaluate materials, determine the right size stick, as well as the most precise method of stick packaging. After sizing up the packaging details, we assess the applicability of the stick by performing a series of tests that validate speeds and production for consumer research samples.
The Global Leader
T.H.E.M. has provided packaging system solutions to leading consumer goods companies for nearly four decades, T.H.E.M. is best known for establishing Sanko stick packaging as the dominant form of single-serve stick pack packaging in North America.
T.H.E.M. brings supply chain continuity to large-scale commercialization through its FDA-registered contract packaging facility. The company's success is predicated on stability, reliability and performance throughout every step of the process.
T.H.E.M. machinery provides the most innovative, cost-effective packaging solutions in the industry. No matter what the specification, T.H.E.M. can customize packaging solutions with cutting edge, state of the art machinery.
5 East Stow Road, Marlton, New Jersey 08053
Phone: (800) 322-8436