We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and provide meaningful content. Read our cookie policy . Accept
Welcome to the new website for Clontech, Takara and Cellartis products - any questions please contact webmaster@takarabio.com
11/09/2018
11/05/2018
10/31/2018
10/22/2018
Featured information
See how Capturem Protein A high-capacity membranes streamline antibody screening workflows.
Featured technical notes for stem cell products
New tools for genome editing
Easily design primers for In-Fusion Cloning
Our NEW In-Fusion Cloning Primer Design Tool allows for single- or multiple-insert cloning, accommodates vector linearization by inverse PCR or restriction digest, and enables site-directed mutagenesis. Simply input the DNA sequences of your vector and insert(s), along with your linearization method to generate primers for your next cloning experiment. Easily switch to the mutagenesis option to generate primers for all of your insertion, replacement, and deletion projects.
Takara Bio USA, Inc. (TBUSA, formerly known as Clontech Laboratories, Inc.) provides kits, reagents, instruments, and services that help researchers explore questions about gene discovery, regulation, and function. As a member of the Takara Bio Group, TBUSA is part of a company that holds a leadership position in the global market and is committed to improving the human condition through biotechnology. Our mission is to develop high-quality innovative tools and services to accelerate discovery.
FOR RESEARCH USE ONLY. NOT FOR USE IN DIAGNOSTIC PROCEDURES (EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY NOTED).
©2018 Takara Bio Inc. All Rights Reserved.
An account with takarabio.com entitles you to extra features such as:
•  Creating and saving shopping carts
•  Keeping a list of your products of interest
•  Saving all of your favorite pages on the site
•  Accessing restricted content
A new method for SMARTer library preparation from challenging RNA samples
In this webinar, Dr. Nathalie Bolduc (Takara Bio USA, Inc.) presents data from the SMARTer Stranded Total RNA-Seq Kit v2 - Pico Input Mammalian, which generates Illumina-ready sequencing libraries from 250 pg–10 ng mammalian total RNA inputs of any quality, including FFPE samples.
Our start-to-finish editing and single-cell cloning kits make human iPS cell editing routine instead of frustrating. In this video protocol, we provide step-by-step instructions for generating edited human iPS cell lines using our complete system for electroporation-based delivery of RNP complexes and single-cell cloning. This high-efficiency workflow greatly improves single-cell survival post-seeding, thanks to the Cellartis DEF-CS culture system. In addition to our electroporation-based kit, we also offer an alternate kit that uses gesicles to deliver RNP complexes.
Takara Bio USA, Inc. (TBUSA, formerly known as Clontech Laboratories, Inc.) provides kits, reagents, instruments, and services that help researchers explore questions about gene discovery, regulation, and function. As a member of the Takara Bio Group, TBUSA is part of a company that holds a leadership position in the global market and is committed to improving the human condition through biotechnology. Our mission is to develop high-quality innovative tools and services to accelerate discovery.
FOR RESEARCH USE ONLY. NOT FOR USE IN DIAGNOSTIC PROCEDURES (EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY NOTED).