Tarveda Therapeutics is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. We are taking a novel approach to the treatment of solid tumors through the use of our proprietary Pentarin® Platform. Pentarins are potent and target selective, miniature drug conjugates uniquely designed to drive efficacy deep into solid tumors. Through their miniature size, balanced with their high affinity for specific targets, tuned pharmacokinetics, tumor accumulation and sustained payload release, Pentarins are designed to trigger cancer cell death. We are developing therapeutics to address the limitations of current cancer therapies due to their large size, limited pharmacokinetics and other attributes that are suboptimal for the treatment of specific cancers.
Pentarins effectively penetrate rapidly into solid tumors and kill cancer cells with highly selective binding to target proteins on or in tumor cells where they accumulate and release a potent payload in the cell for days and in some instances weeks. This selective accumulation and prolonged retention in the tumors, with a shorter resident time in plasma than antibody drug conjugates, leads to significant tumor cell death while sparing normal tissues by comparison to the toxic payload alone.
Tarveda is developing its Pentarins to treat a wide range of cancers and address the biological challenges of specific solid tumors by choosing targeting ligands and payloads that are specific for the tumor cell targets and related biology and adjusting the release of the payloads through the application of tuned chemical linkers. Our clinical stage pipeline includes PEN-221, a novel cancer therapeutic that is highly selective for the somatostatin receptor 2 (SSTR2), that is in a Phase 1/2a clinical trial. PEN-221 is being developed to treat patients with neuroendocrine cancers, small cell lung cancer and other cancers that express SSTR2. Our second clinical stage Pentarin program is PEN-866, which is highly selective for the intracellular target Heat Shock Protein 90 (HSP90), and is currently being studied in a Phase 1/2a clinical trial. PEN-866 takes advantage of the activation characteristics of HSP90 in tumors versus normal tissue by binding to the activated HSP90 complex with high affinity, releasing its payload over long periods of time in tumor cells. This has resulted in PEN-866 demonstrating complete and durable tumor regressions in xenograft and patient-derived models including those for small-cell lung, pancreatic, and ovarian cancers and sarcoma. To see our pipeline of Pentarins, [click here]
Pentarins achieve effective tumor cell targeting while  maintaining their miniature size, desired pharmacokinetics, and other  attributes required to enable rapid penetration into solid tumor tissue. The Pentarin design causes  sustained release of the cancer cell killing payload into the tumor  while sparing normal tissues at efficacious dose levels for the treatment of  patients with solid tumors.