A comprehensive portfolio to remove barriers and unify your analytic ecosystem.
Get better business outcomes quickly, innovatively, and in line with core strategies and objectives.
When big data becomes vast, what's your data dropping strategy?
Explore Teradata learning and growth opportunities or get support for your current Teradata portfolio of products.
Simple, secure customer access to products, services, education, and support function information.
Management, development, and oversight of the premiere Teradata Certification Program.
Our success is rooted in proven capabilities spanning technology, people, and methodologies.
Unleashing the potential of great companies with data and analytics requires driven, forward-thinking people.
Creating better paths to insights and customer value.
The World's Leader in Pervasive Data Intelligence
We're changing how the world uses data to achieve better outcomes.
Teradata delivers real-time, intelligent answers, leveraging 100% of the relevant data, regardless of scale or volume of query. And we do it on-premises, in the cloud, and anywhere in between. It’s called Pervasive Data Intelligence. And only Teradata has the industry-leading products, expertise, and services to deliver it today.
Teradata at a Glance
Communications
Leading media and entertainment companies around the world trust Teradata.
We work with 17 of the top 20 global commercial and savings banks.
Our customers include 10 of the top 15 pharmaceutical companies.
Retail
We work with the biggest global retailers and 8 out of 10 top US retailers.
12 of the top 20 manufacturing companies rely on Teradata.
A passionate community of experts.
When we offer our services, our customers trust us with their toughest challenges. We reward that trust by pushing ourselves, across every function in the organization to find solutions that can’t be found anywhere else. By setting the bar high, we achieve the impossible.
We invest in the right people to deliver better answers.
Leading the industry with revolutionary technology means having deep trust in who’s at the helm. For us, that can only mean working with the most experienced people in world. Together, we make a 100% of your relevant data, with pinpoint accuracy and access, a reality.
New Category for a New Demand
The leader in Pervasive Data Intelligence
The unique strength of our technology put us in a new category. Pervasive Data Intelligence is the new standard for what customers need and expect in order to compete in the digital economy. It also describes what Teradata—and only Teradata—can deliver. And we do it on-premises, in the cloud, and anywhere in between. It’s the answer to today’s frustration with analytics.
Raising the Value of Data
In a digital economy producing data by the zettabyte, Teradata brings unique expertise to your business. We partner with companies to assess, define, deploy, and manage analytics programs with the power to drive innovation and transformation with greater agility. In addition to the world’s premiere analytics consulting talent, we offer decades of experience across major industries and functional domains.
You Determine Your Experience
As a data and analytics leader, Teradata will only collect, use, and track your personal data on our web properties        when we have your permission. We want you to fully understand and have complete control over how your personal data        is used by Teradata.
Benefits of Sharing Your Data with Us
Your personal data allows us to create a better online experience for you because it lets us tailor digital content         to fit your needs and interests—Which products do you use? Which industry are you in? Learning these things         helps us provide you with the most useful information.
What Choices Do I Have?
Your privacy is important to us, and your personal information is always handled in accordance with the Teradata Global         Privacy Policy, which also explains our use of cookies and other technical means to optimize your site experience.         By selecting one of the options below, you control your experience with Teradata web properties and acknowledge our         tracking of your online behavior.
Personalize My Online Experience
You want a website that makes your life easier and content that is specific to your needs. Our goal is to deliver           that. Your data allows our systems to remember what's important to you, so we can deliver content you want most,           and save you time, effort, and frustration (we're nothing if not considerate). And, it can't be said enough: your           privacy is important to us.
Don't Personalize My Online Experience
If you're content to have a less dynamic, non-personalized online experience with us, you can do it. Our Global           Privacy Policy still applies, but because we don't use your information to personalize your experience on our web           properties, you might spend more time looking for what you need.
What If I Change My Mind?
If you want to personalize your privacy settings in the future, click the "Tracking Consent" option in the footer.
Submit