No products in the cart.
Accurate Results
Accuracy is not by chance.  Advanced immunoassay is used for enhanced accuracy.   No wonder why organizations worldwide rely on our technology.
Fast Delivery
Depending on location,  kits are delivered within 2-7 days. Test results are delivered electronically within 4-7 days from receipt of blood card.
Breakthrough Technology
Our Test Services
The difference between  Food Allergy and Food Intolerance is in the body’s response. With food allergy, the body’s immune system causes the reaction. With food intolerance, the digestive system triggers the reaction.  Allergy manifests itself almost immediately after inhalation or ingestion of a particular substance, whereas, with food intolerance , symptoms may occur within hours or even days, depending on individuals.
Food allergies are very common and generally confused with food intolerance as they could have similar symptoms.
Food Allergy is a condition wherein certain foods trigger an abnormal response in our body’s immune system. It is caused by the immune system wrongly recognizing some of the proteins in a food as harmful, triggering a reaction by launching a range of defense measures, including releasing chemicals such as histamine which causes inflammation. Food intolerance on the other hand,  does not involve the immune system meaning that while they can severely impact the quality of life, they are typically not life-threatening.
What They’re Saying
“It was really fun getting to know the team during the project. They were all helpful in answering my questions and made me feel at ease. The design ended up being better than I could have envisioned!”
Eve CrawfordProduct Designer
“By far the best team I've ever worked with. They truly understood the look I was going for and completely nailed it! I would highly recommend them as a company, you simply just won't find any better team!”
Aura BrooksGraphic Designer
“Salient is by far the most astonishing WP theme out there! I literally could not be happier that I chose to buy your theme! Your regular updates and superb attention to detail blows me away every time I visit my new site!”
Zak ReidInstructor, Skate Nao
“I'm wondering why I never contacted these guys sooner! Seriously, they all have commendable talent in their respective fields and knocked my concept out of the ballpark. Thanks for an amazing experience!”
Jack GrahamCo Founder, Coffee Inc
1
2
3
4
/4
Read how FIATest offers all this with a better Technology.