PRODUCTS
Tips on Installation, Care and Maintenance, Benefits of Synthetic Grass and answers to your Frequently asked questions.
Directions to our warehouse, Hours of Operations and Contact information.
Turf is everywhere…commercial areas, medians, common areas, kids play areas, parks, athletic fields, front yards and back yards all over town. City planning commissions, water districts, architects, schools, municipalities, landscape contractors, property managers and home owners alike are educating themselves on the values of synthetic turf.
Residential Landscape Projects
Indoor Sports and Training Facilities
Golf Course Tee line systems
Water Conversation has become a necessity: As usage restrictions on our most important natural resource become tighter, conservation is even more important.  Water rates continue to climb as projected and synthetic turf is providing a solution to this growing issue.   The majority of a household’s water usage is used on landscape.  In most communities where water is in short supply and there are restrictions on watering real grass, synthetic turf provides a low maintenance lawn that looks green and healthy year round.
Contact us today to learn more about the endless synthetic turf application and installation possibilities with Turf Group.
SYNTHETIC TURF APPLICATIONS
COMMERCIAL LANDSCAPING
For commercial areas, our synthetic turf products will meet or exceed all of your landscape needs.
For residential areas, our synthetic turf products will meet or exceed all of your landscape needs.
For putting green areas, our synthetic turf products will meet or exceed all of your landscape needs.
(888) 515-8873
We have some of the best quality products on the market at great prices.  Judge for yourself, order samples and compare our products with any on the market today!!
Care & Maintenance
One of the most appealing features of synthetic turf is that it does not require the care and maintenance of a natural grass lawn. Never again will you need to fertilize, mow, aerate or waste huge amounts of water to have green grass surrounding your home.