Argonne-UChicago researchers work to annihilate nanoscale defects in semiconductors
Researchers from the University of Chicago and Argonne use the supercomputing resources at the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility to predict the path molecules must follow to find defect-free states. They designed a process that delivers industry-standard nanocircuitry that can be scaled down to smaller densities without defects.
Members of INCREASE visit Argonne National Laboratory’s Advanced Photon Source to network and learn how to submit competitive proposals for their research.
In the past year, eight distinguished leaders with deep collective expertise in bioscience, communications, energy, engineering, government, physical sciences and technology have joined the UChicago Argonne, LLC Board of Governors.
UChicago, Argonne, and Fermilab collaborate on telescope's new ultra-sensitive camera.
Researchers in the Institute for Molecular Engineering have demonstrated that macroscopic entanglement can be generated at room temperature and in a small magnetic field.
Argonne National Laboratory, located just outside of Chicago and one of the U.S. Department of Energy's largest national laboratories for scientific and engineering research, is managed by UChicago Argonne, LLC, for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science.
The University of Chicago has served as prime contractor of Argonne since the lab’s founding in 1946 as an outgrowth of the Manhattan Project and the University's Metallurgical Laboratory.
Through UChicago Argonne, LLC, the University of Chicago brings the best of commercial practices and marshals the talent of Illinois’ leading research universities to lead Argonne into the future. Argonne is operated by UChicago Argonne, LLC together with team member Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. This relationship underscores the University’s commitment to delivering world-class research through the safe and efficient management and operation of Argonne National Laboratory.
News
P. (630) 252-2500 F: (630) 252-5329
© 2018 Argonne LLC UChicago