UNITYSC IS RECOGNIZED WORLDWIDE IN SEMICONDUCTOR METROLOGY AND INSPECTION
Who we are
UnitySC’s visionary approach fosters progress for people. We are differentiated by our IP-protected semiconductor metrology and inspection solutions, along with our reputation as a company with which people like to work. We strive to deliver added value to our customers by implementing our technology expertise in a manner that solves their semiconductor manufacturing problems.
Latest Articles
November 20, 2018
The system also enables high throughput as a solution for high volume manufacturing (HVM), in comparison with the solutions on the market today. Unity_LIGHTiX  solution can also support the control of manufacturing processes at OSATs, foundry, and IDMs.
Detecting shorts and opens on RDL and residues on bump top and bond-pads that lead to field failures remains a major challenge or device makers today. The Unity_LIGHTiX system leverages expertise from recent acquisitions that are now fully integrated into UnitySC to secure the best process control for the HVM environment. The system can be configured to inspect wafers up to 300mm, including thin wafers, reconstructed wafers, and wafers mounted on dicing frames.
The combination of line-scan technologies and confocal chromatic techniques allows for 2D and 3D inspection for the front side of the wafer and 2D for backside and edge. With newly designed illumination optics and proprietary defect classification algorithms, Unity_LIGHTiX system eliminates false defects generated from the metal grains on RDL and bumps and enhances the defect detection of true defects of interest.
“We are proud at UnitySC to announce the release of the newly designed process control solution and our leadership in this market segment. This new product will contribute significantly to position UnitySC as the market leader of customer-oriented solutions for the advanced packaging arena and a partner to secure challenging manufacturing processes” said CEO of Unity SC Kamel Ait-Mahiout.
Source: 3dincites.com
Upcoming Events
There are no upcoming events.
UnitySC delivers visionary technologies that foster progress for people. We are recognized as a key player in inspection and metrology combining advanced technologies to enable higher yields and faster time to market.
+33 (0)456 526 800
Recent Posts
©2017 Unity Semiconductor SAS