Trucent (formerly Valicor) is the leader in fluid separation technology by innovating intelligent engineered solutions to complex challenges in order to help build businesses, preserve precious resources, and create a sustainable future.
We repurpose and reclaim fluid, creating something new.
We extract, developing new products by way of extraction.
We maintain the integrity of active coolant systems, helping retain quality.
Industries
Our best-in-class service and methodology serves a variety of industries and applications.
Industrial Manufacturing Fluids
Solutions and applications
Technology
+ Innovations
Our leading-edge technology combined with our ability to build custom solutions offer true innovation, applied to your specific needs.
Available Technologies
Ethanol – Corn Oil
Industrial Oil
With the smartest, most driven people in the industry, Trucent offers proactive service and support. We offer precision technologies, leading-edge equipment, and mobile fleets, deploying vast resources, right where it’s needed.
Modular Separation Systems
We sell and rent machinery, complete with pilot and analytical support and expert installation. Our agile services, including mobile fleets and a vast array of technology, are available with immediacy and as needs arise.
Complete Turnkey Services
We can manage your entire process. Selecting, purchasing, and helping with inventory needs, monitoring processes, analyzing trends, purifying, treating, and maintaining fluids, we’re here with you. Every step of the way.
Client Site Services
We come directly to you with technicians and systems to solve your purification needs. We become an extension of your organization, helping provide people, equipment, and more
About
Trucent (formerly Valicor) leads and pioneers intelligent engineered solutions to complex challenges in fluid separation, ethanol and corn oil extraction, and plant process optimization. And we do it with the smartest, most driven people in the industry. Proactive service and support. Precision technologies, leading-edge equipment, and mobile fleets. We are nimble—able to deploy vast resources right where they’re needed. Give us your challenge. Immerse us in your process. And let us find ways to reduce waste. Find new revenue streams. Become more sustainable. And make something extraordinary, together.
Careers
Are you up for the challenge?
We’re always looking out for talented, insightful, driven, and friendly individuals to join our team. Click to see our current openings. We hope to hear from you.
With two decades of experience in the sustainability industry, Thomas is a pioneer in many commercially- practiced fluid purification operations and technologies. Tom’s dedication and enthusiasm for industrial and fluid services has driven innovation in advanced sustainability solutions that Trucent delivers to its customers. He is viewed as a sustainability thought leader within a wide range of industries such as environmental services, automotive manufacturing, pharmaceutical production, and alternative fuels.
David Semersky,
Vice President, Fluid Purification Services
With over ten years at Trucent, Dave leads the Fluid Purification Group, which provides proven industrial fluid purification to the metalworking industries in North America. Prior to his time at Trucent, Dave served as Manager of Engineering, General Manager and Vice President of the Equipment Division. He also led as President of Hydroflow, Inc., a manufacturer of central coolant filter systems. He has served on the Board of Directors of companies in England, Continental Europe, China and Thailand. This year will complete Dave’s 40th year of being responsible for the design and manufacture of industrial fluid purification equipment, having helped pioneer it in the late 1970’s.
Kevin Moore,
Vice President, Advanced Separations
Kevin provides bottom line results in R&D, operations and commercial roles. An executive leader and engineer with 11 patents and numerous board directorships, he executes high-risk assignments working collaboratively across organizations driving results by growing net income and revenue.
Contact
Want to learn more? Ready to engage? Fill in the following form. We’ll get right back to you.
7400 Newman Boulevard
Dexter, MI 48130
First Name
Last Name