Strengthening Leadership In Extreme Performance Storage
Applications and Time-to-Insight
From transactional Oracle and SQL Server based applications to Real-Time Analytics and ERP applications, Violin Systems customers have experienced 1000x performance increase, 300% faster data integrity reporting, and 40% reduction in infrastructure costs. Violin is the trusted expert in delivering extremely low-latency storage solutions.
CREATE
Breaking boundaries enables innovation! Violin Systems continuously breaks boundaries in application performance resulting in our customers gaining competitive advantage while reducing their costs. Our customers are able to extend these benefits to their customers with a dramatically improved end-user experience.
TRANSFORM
Data Center Economics
Violin Systems Extreme Performance Storage delivers consistent high performance with enterprise-class data services to help customers maximize both application performance while significantly reducing IT infrastructure costs.
Consistent Extreme Performance
Violin Systems continually sets new standards for performance storage within enterprise data center SAN environments.
Breakthrough Economics
Violin performance advantage saves customers money, with less IO, less expensive processors or fewer processors due to greater efficiency, fewer application licenses, and of course, reduced power & cooling at the rack level.
Predictive Analytics
The Violin Systems analytics engine is always learning and adjusting to changing workloads, answering management questions about LUN performance, workload, provisioning, and dedupe.  And, the new mobile app allows for instant visibility into performance, efficiency and temperature statistics.
“Violin FSPs combines ease of deployment, reliability, and unsurpassed performance, enabling our company to face the future with confidence. Flash technology, such as the FSP, allowed us to collapse multiple tiers of storage into one, dramatically lowering our data center costs for storage. The choice to go with Violin was an obvious one, as it allowed us to replace nearly all of our legacy disk array architectures and software to be best prepared for our digital future.”
Viktor Kuzmenko, Head of Systems Administration at Ingosstrakh
“It’s quite a bit faster than using flash, Fibre Channel and SATA [tiers]. We can stick all our data into flash now. Before we were taking our SAN storage [with disk] and migrating it to SAN storage [with flash]. We were expecting performance improvements, but not this much. I don’t see any reason to turn back [to HDDs].“
Bill Evans, VP of Information Technology at Ferrellgas
“Most enterprises have at least several applications where extremely low storage latency can directly translate to increased revenues, better customer experience, or differentiated competitive advantage. These applications tend to be transactional, database-driven or real-time analytics workloads where a 500 microsecond latency difference can be directly monetized. For these environments, AFA architecture can matter a great deal in an ability to consistently deliver sub 300μs performance that companies can base their reputation on, regardless of widely varying workloads and operational workflows.”
Eric Burgener, Research Director, Enterprise Storage at IDC
“Violin solved our ERP performance issues at a fraction of the cost of other systems. Not only are we exceeding our business service levels, we project a return on investment of 11 months with the Violin platform.”
Derek Cornwell, IT infrastructure services manager at BlueScope
Latest News
Nov 12, 2018Violin Systems Closes X-IO Storage Acquisition Read More >
Oct 16, 2018Violin Systems Signs Agreement to Acquire X-IO Storage Strengthening Leadership in Extreme Performance Storage Solutions Read More >
Oct 2, 2018Violin Debuts New Extreme Performance Storage Solution that Maximizes Application Performance while Reducing IT Costs Read More >