HOME
BECOME A MODEL
Become a Model
Teen Modelling
Female Modelling
Male Modelling
Child Modelling
TRAINING
Model Training
Model Bootcamp
Model Courses
SERVICES
Digital Portfolio
Printed Portfolio
Z-Card
E-Folio
ABOUT US
FIND WORK
BLOG
TESTIMONIALS
CONTACT US
Becoming a Model
Are you dreaming of
We make your dream come true.
LET'S GET STARTED
BECOME A MODEL
NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
Your Recent Picture (Max 2MB)
I understand AF Models is not an agency.
Open the doors to your dreams with AF Models.
Do you want to build the confidence to be in front of the camera or walk on the runway?? We will guide you and advise you into becoming a successful model to work with an agency or go freelance. We can provide you with practical help and equipt you with the tools necessary to make it in the industry.
What is Modelling
Modelling is a role to either promote, display or advertise commercial products with the awareness of body image and confidence to pose for photographs, fashion shows, and video’s.
A Place for Everyone
No matter what your height, age, size or race, there is a place for everyone in the modelling industry. All you need to do is determine what types of modelling you are best suited for and then go for it.
At AF Models, we will be behind you every step of the way. AF models provides ongoing model support services and assisting up-and-coming models throughout their journey over the years. We work with all level of prospective models offering guidance and support and put them in good stead to becoming signed by an agency or booking regular freelance work.
Why Choose Us?
We specialise in working with new faces who have little 
knowledge of the modelling industry and we can train you to improve your posture, confidence and looks so that you look the absolute best in photo shoots.
We support you with all your endeavours until you are working with an agency or as a freelancer.
We’ll work with you to build a portfolio to suit your needs and budget. We evaluate your potential to work for the modelling industry and find the best niches as per your talent.
We’ll be there every step of the way! Our team will offer constructive feedback and advice to guide you in the right direction. We’ll listen to what YOU would like from your career and do everything that we can to make it happen.
We are the well-resourced model support services in the UK providing information and practical help to upcoming models since 1999.
LETS ASK OUR MODELS!
OUR TESTIMONIALS
The modelling industry is extremely competitive, so it wasn’t a surprise that I didn’t make it this time. They took the time to personally go over my portfolio and give a proper explanation to me. They actually care. I know I will keep coming back to this one when I will update my portfolio next year. Thank you guys for everything. I am ready to kick start.
GREAT SUPPORT & ADVICE
- WINSLOW JOSEPH, Model / London
It was an amazing photo shoot, couldn’t ask for my first modelling to be better. Just grateful for both the makeup artist and especially for the photographer guidance and being so nice. Can’t wait to have another portfolio with them.
SO GRATEFUL TO AF MODELS
- REKA NAGY, Model
I am a hobby model and photographer. When I went to the AF models Modelling to do my portfolio for my job I had a nice service, from the person who did my arrangement with the team till with the person who actually took the pictures being really helpful. If you are looking for a good place where the good work and a great quality is important than this is your place.
GREAT QUALITY AND PROFESSIONAL PEOPLE
- JUDITH, Model
I enjoyed the experience, the staff there are really nice and they make you feel comfortable, the photographers were professional and really knew what they were doing and the pictures did come out looking great. I will recommend to anyone there services.
THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME TO FIND THE FIRST JOB
- DELPHINE SWIT, Model
We had modelling portfolio shoot at AF Models. I brought my son here for a photoshoot, and I can tell you now… it is a beautiful place! The staffs are pro’s and their photos that they took looked amazing. My son and I are very pleased with our day at the studio.
GREAT QUALITY AND PROFESSIONAL PEOPLE
- ФИЛИППОВА, Model
STILL NOT REGISTERED?
Become a Model, by registering with AF Models we will give you all the advice and tips on how to give yourself the best chance to get into modelling – whether you’re aiming to sign with an agency or go freelance. AF Models will advise you on how to give yourself the edge. We will help you to select images that show you at your best and teach you how to build your portfolio andA approach modelling agencies professionally.
APPLY NOW
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
SERVICES
BECOME A MODEL
TESTIMONIALS
REGISTER
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
JOBS
CONTACT US
©1999 – 2018 AF Models.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Accept
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
var Cli_Data={"nn_cookie_ids":null};
if(document.location.protocol!="https:"){document.location=document.URL.replace(/^http:/i, "https:");}