Hardware
Process
Materials
Case Studies
About
News
Contact Us
Hardware
Process
Materials
Case Studies
About
News
Contact Us
Stop prototyping.

Start producing.
Grown from liquid. Formed with light. Carbon + Vitamix + TTH are rethinking possible.
Learn More
Introducing the Carbon SpeedCell™
The SpeedCell™ is a system of connected manufacturing unit operations that enables repeatable production of end-use parts at any scale. The M Series printers and the automated Smart Part Washer are the first in a series of modular offerings that allow a wide range of industries to design, engineer, make and deliver end-use parts with one common manufacturing workflow.
Factory of the Future
Whether you are iterating on advanced product designs or producing parts at scale, you can configure a SpeedCell™ system that is right for your business. Printing and part washing are the first in a growing suite of automated, data-rich SpeedCell™ unit operations.
M2 Printer
With a build volume measuring 7.4" x 4.6" x 12.8" (189mm x 118mm x326mm), manufacturing features, and Carbon's groundbreaking Digital Light Synthesis™ technology, M2 is the perfect printer for your SpeedCell™ system.
2x Build Volume
The M2 features twice the build volume as the M1, allowing for larger parts, higher throughput, and lower part cost, all with the same high resolution pixels (75 µm) and isotropic prints as Carbon’s pioneering M1 printer.
Manufacturing Ready & Extensible
M2 features high reliability hardware, the Carbon Connector expansion port for smart accessories, and compatibility with workflow automation.
Next-Gen Software & Predictive Service
Carbon’s modern software brings our hardware and materials together into a powerful, easy-to-use system and enables our industry-leading predictive service.
M1 Printer
M1 was the first printer to employ Carbon’s Digital Light Synthesis™ technology, delivering layerless, high resolution end-use parts with exceptional surface finish and resolution.
Build Volume
Featuring a 5.6" x 3.1" x 12.8" (141mm x 79mm x 326mm) build volume and high resolution 75 µm pixels, the M1 is ideal for functional prototyping and low volume manufacturing.
User Friendly Design
From our hands-free door to components designed for easy cleaning, M1 was designed to make adopting Digital Light Synthesis™ technology easy.
Next-Gen Software & Predictive Service
Carbon’s modern software brings our hardware and materials together into a powerful, easy-to-use system and enables our industry-leading predictive service.
Smart Part Washer
Part washing is the newest unit operation in the Carbon SpeedCell™ system.
Maximize Part Quality and Yield
With optimized wash protocols, every part is consistently cleaned with minimal manual labor, resulting in lower per part cost.
Smart and Connected
Our next generation software delivers automatic, part-specific wash protocols, process control data for part traceability, and regular software updates.
Manufacturing at Scale
The Smart Part Washer delivers simple, repeatable part washing, enabling manufacturing at scale and environmental stewardship.
More than a machine
With a Carbon subscription, your hardware is paired with industry-leading predictive service, our full suite of materials, and continually updated next-generation software.
Materials
Featuring the widest range of properties in additive manufacturing, our materials uniquely combine high resolution, exceptional surface quality, and mechanical properties tuned for production. From consumer product elastomers to high-temperature automotive materials, our offering is growing at an unprecedented rate.
Learn More
Pricing
We built our business around a subscription pricing model to ensure that our success is tied to the success of our customers. The subscription future-proofs our customers from the obsolescence of traditional capital equipment purchases. With a Carbon subscription, your device is paired with our industry-leading service, compatibility with all of our materials, and continual software updates. It also makes it possible to leverage current products without losing the ability to upgrade as new products are released.
Contact Us
Bringing 3D Manufacturing to Life
Carbon is working with today’s largest brands and leading innovators to help make their most advanced thinking a practical reality. Here are some of those stories:
11/05/2018
Customer Story
Wilson Tool International Taps Carbon to Meet Demand for QuickTap™ Tapping Tools
10/23/2018
Customer Story
Aptiv Qualifies Carbon for Stringent Seaworthy Parts
09/19/2018
Customer Story
Production of Single-Cell Genomic Analysis System Components at BD
09/12/2018
Carbon Story
Notes from the Lab
See More Stories
Carbon Logo
Social Icon List
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Facebook
Footer Text
Interested in learning more about Carbon? 
Contact our sales team
Email Address
*
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 jQuery(document).ready(function(){jQuery(document).trigger('gform_post_render', [2, 1]) } ); 
 or sign up for the newsletter
Vertical Menu #1
Hardware
Materials
About
Contact
Vertical Menu #2
Process
Case Studies
In the News
Careers
Carbon is a trademark of Carbon, Inc. CA.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy