Skip to main content
 {C}
About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Scientific Advisory Board
Technology
Origins
Application Areas
Licenses
News and Publications
Press Releases
Publications
In the News
Careers
Engineering any genome, at any site, in any way
Focused on the advancement of new applications for CRISPR-based technologies
Exploring the vast potential of CRISPR-Cas technology across therapeutics, agricultural biotech, biological research and industrial biotech
Application Areas

Therapeutics

Agricultural Biotech

Biological Research

Industrial Biotech
News
CRISPR Therapeutics, Intellia Therapeutics and Caribou Biosciences Provide Update on U.S Federal Circuit Decision Upholding the Ruling by U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in Interference Proceeding Relating to CRISPR/Cas9 Genome Editing Technology
September 10, 2018
The interference proceeding remains terminated without any determination of inventorship on CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing technology or its application to eukaryotic cells
		 
	University of California/University of Vienna/Dr. Charpentier...
CRISPR Therapeutics, Intellia Therapeutics, and Caribou Biosciences Announce Grant of U.S. Patent for CRISPR/Cas9 Genome Editing
June 19, 2018
Patent granted for groundbreaking work by Jennifer Doudna’s and Emmanuelle Charpentier’s research teams in CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing technology
	Patent covers use of optimized guide RNA molecules
ZUG, Switzerland and CAMBRIDGE, Mass. and...
All news...
Our Approach
Caribou Biosciences is a pioneer in the revolutionary field of CRISPR-Cas genome editing.  Our proprietary technology puts us at the forefront of the development of new medical therapies and bio-based products which offer profound benefits to both human health and society as a whole. 
Our singular focus is on the advancement of new applications for CRISPR-Cas gene editing that will help bring the tremendous promise this technology holds for patients and consumers to reality.
Learn More...
Twitter
LinkedIn
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Caribou Biosciences, Inc.

	Tel: 510-982-6030 | 
info@cariboubio.com

	2929 7th Street, Suite 105, Berkeley, CA 94710
© 2018 Caribou Biosciences, Inc. All rights reserved.