
      Skip to main content
    
Toggle navigation
Apply
Main navigation
Company 
Suppliers
Vision and Values
News
Innovations
News
Contact Us
Header Top Menu
Investors
Jobs
Aftermarket
Delphi Technologies launches as an industry-leading global partner.
Get there with us. See what's new about Delphi Technologies.
Watch Video
Previous
Next
Home
The New Delphi Technologies: Delivering today to put you ahead of tomorrow.
The automotive world is going through incredible change. The pressures of increased safety and total connectivity have never been greater. Stricter government regulations and increasing demands for fuel efficiencies, emissions reductions and electrification have created tremendous expectations to deliver on multiple, complicated fronts.
The tectonic shifts you face as part of the global auto industry demand that you have partners that can move faster than the pace of change. That can navigate the complexities and are willing to take leaps into the unknown, because that’s where success – and the greatest rewards – often reside.
At Delphi Technologies, we know we are that partner.
A new beginning that’s focused on you.
Our automotive heritage is deep – more than 100 years in the making. The enduring entrepreneurial spirit that sparked many of the innovations, products and services you’ve relied upon over the years will continue. But with this new company will come a new beginning. New adventures. New breakthroughs.
So, as we write this next chapter in our history, you’ll see only the very best parts of the old coupled with the new. And all of it will be focused on one thing – you, our customers. This means you’ll get a team that moves faster than the pace of change in automotive powertrain management, software and controls, system integration and the aftermarket. You’ll get a global collective that masters complexity and welcomes the challenges you face every day because we don’t see them as obstacles – they are opportunities. More importantly, you get a true partner – one that believes anything is possible – when we do it together.
Welcome to the new Delphi Technologies.
From today, you can expect:
Leadership in value-based, real-world innovation in vehicle electrification and power electronics, from mild hybrids to electric vehicles.
Advanced internal combustion engine solutions to meet the widest needs for all vehicle and fuel types.
Software, hardware and component development expertise aimed at improving data speeds, capacity, power, durability and thermal output.
Fully integrated aftermarket operations for end-to-end solutions – from the first repair to the last.
Experienced leadership through a tenured and cohesive board and senior management team committed to creating sustained value and guiding our people with confidence and energy.
Global capabilities, with operations in 24 countries. Our multinational teams can provide you with global and local insights and solutions.
A passion for people; a hunger for brilliance. Our vision and values – from diversity, sustainability, community engagement and more – remind us every day that it’s simply not enough to do what’s required. We need to go beyond and to do what’s right; what’s needed.
Delphi Technologies. Get there with us.
What makes Delphi Technologies 
a great investment.
Explore our latest innovations.
Imagined to move you forward.
Join forces with us 
as a supplier.
Work at Delphi Technologies. 
Make tomorrow real today. 
Delphi Technologies and Aptiv.
Delphi Corp., is now two companies: Delphi Technologies and Aptiv. We’re focused on powertrain, advanced propulsion and aftermarket solutions. Visit 
Aptiv
 for more on new mobility solutions, smart vehicle architectures and connected cars to connected cities.
Site navigation
Company 
Innovations
News
Contact Us
Global Navigation
Investors
Jobs
Aftermarket

                                ©2018 Delphi Technologies
                            
Footer Legal Menu
Suppliers
Terms
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Legal
Brand Connect
This website uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. Full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you manage them can be found in our 
Cookie Policy
Essential Cookies:
 Certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. These are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. They’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. However, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. For a list of essential cookies we use, 
Click Here
Non-essential Cookies:
 These cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. We also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
You can block any cookies from any website through your browser settings. For more information about how to disable cookies in your browser please visit the 
 About Cookies Website
Decline
Accept
Close

                                ©2018 Delphi Technologies
                            
https://www.facebook.com/delphitech
https://twitter.com/delphitech
https://www.linkedin.com/company/delphitechnologies
https://www.youtube.com/DelphiTechnologies