Our website relies heavily on javascript. Please turn javascript on to view the full potential of our website.
About Us
Innovation
Sustainability
Careers
Newsroom
On the Table
Contact Us
Find Products
Labels & SDS
About Us
Innovation
Sustainability
Careers
Newsroom
On the Table
We are changing…
 ...learn more about Corteva Agriscience™, the Agriculture Division of DowDuPont™.
Where does the food on your table come from?
Our pipeline is the best and most diverse in our history
Get the latest news and resources in our Newsroom
Our commitment 

We are committed to supporting sustainable food production – from the field to the dinner table – and being transparent about the process and our role in it. We are working hard to earn your trust. 

From our people to our technology and every stop along the way, our goal is to provide the information and tools no matter what part of the food chain you interact with.  We know there is a plethora of information online – some of it credible, some of it not. 

Let us help you by providing facts that you can trust are supported by science.
Learn more about our 
commitment
. 
News
14 May, 2018
Featured Farmers Announced for 2018 Indiana State Fair
15 March, 2018
Protein Science to Advance through LenioBio and Dow AgroSciences License Agreement
26 February, 2018
DowDuPont™ Agriculture Division to Become Corteva Agriscience™ as it Progresses Toward Becoming a Stand-Alone Company
Our Roots Run Deep
Learn more about how Dow AgroSciences is committed to discovering, developing, and bringing to market crop protection and plant biotechnology solutions for the growing world.
YouTube
Linked In
Twitter
Facebook
Google Plus
About Dow AgroSciences
Innovation
Sustainability
Careers
Newsroom
Blog
Contact Us
Products
Labels & SDS
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Sitemap
California Transparency Act Disclosure
Full Site
Mobile Site
Copyright © The Dow Chemical Company (1995-2018) All Rights Reserved.
©™*Trademark of The Dow Chemical Company ("Dow") or an affiliated company of Dow
This website uses 
Cookies
 to provide you the best experience. By clicking the “Accept” button below, you are consenting to receive and store cookies from our site. Remember, you can manage cookies in your browser’s settings. If you do not accept the deployment of cookies or restrict them in any way, you will not be able to use all the interactive functions on our website. For more information about our use of cookies, please view our 
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
Decline