Home
Torrefied Biomass
Torrefied Biomass Properties
Torrefied Biomass Energy Efficiency
Torrefaction Feedstock
Woody Biomass
Urban Wood Waste
Biomass Energy Crops
Agricultural Residue
Torrefaction Benefits
Replacing Coal
Raw vs Torrefied Biomass Properties
Comparing Green Energy Costs
About
HM3 Energy Leadership
HM3 Energy Achievements
HM3 Energy News
HM3 Energy FAQ
Investor Relations
Blog
Biomass News & Resources
Contact
HM3 Energy
Torrefied biomass to replace coal
Torrefaction Technology
HM3 Energy’s proprietary torrefaction and densification technologies turn woody biomass and agricultural residue into solid biofuel for use in biomass boilers or as a substitute for coal in coal-fired boilers. Our TorrB® torrefied biomass briquettes are water-resistant and can be shipped without cover and stored without cover, with significant transportation and handling savings. Their water resistance and grindability make them a clean fuel alternative to coal in coal-fired power plants.
HM3 Energy has completed a two-year testing phase in its Oregon torrefaction facility. We have demonstrated our process using agricultural residue,  juniper and pine forest residue and mill residue. The half ton/hour demonstration plant will be moved to Japan, where it will be featured in an “Eco-Park,”  dedicated to “waste-to-clean-energy” solutions.
HM3 Energy is now ready to license its technology to viable partners for commercial plant construction. Torrefied biomass offers considerable environmental and economic benefits: 
Pound for pound, 
same energy as western coal
 and 
30% more energy than raw wood pellets
Greenhouse gas neutral,
 with no mercury or sulfur emissions and a 30% reduction in nitrous oxide emissions
Improvement of forest health, while 
dramatically reducing the growing risk of catastrophic forest fires.
 Our process can use low commercial value forest waste as feedstock (not clean wood chips or wood pellets), providing a market for public and private foresters who want to reduce fuel stocked stands by thinning.
Improvement of air quality in forest and farming areas,
 when forest slash or agricultural slash piles are used as feedstock for fuel rather than burned in place.
Creation of 1200 direct family wage jobs
 in Oregon alone, with thousands of additional jobs possible in other states
Protection of ratepayers from rate increases
 related to construction of new power plants
Waste to energy
 technology

Juniper waste wood turns into dense, water resistant briquettes with same btu as coal
Share this:
Return to top of page
Copyright © 2018 · 
Going Green Theme
 on 
Genesis Framework
 · 
WordPress
 · 
Log in

HM3 Energy		
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			