Products
Applications
Design
Sample
About
All
Products
Documents
Applications Notes
×
Establish Trust
Crypto-Enabled MCU Supports DICE and Azure IoT Hub
Learn More
Automotive Networking at the Speed You Need
Automotive-Qualified CAN, CAN-FD, CAN PN and LIN Devices
Learn More
Low Power Meets Long Range With LoRa® Technology
Start Your Next LoRa Project With the Industry's Lowest Power SAM R34 Devices
Learn More
Product Offerings
Samples
App Notes
Technical Support
Training
Purchase Products
New to Microchip
Find
 a product
Looking for a part or a development tool? We offer a variety of ways to find the solution you need.
Explore
 an application
Want to see an easy way to get there? From key functions to full applications, let us show you the way.
Start
 developing
Compilers, programmers, debuggers, code configurators, analog design tools and more. We have everything you need to get started.

Defend Your IP, Brand and Revenue Stream
Let Microchip help you secure not only your designs, but your brand and revenue stream as well. With two decades of security experience, our experts take the fear out of integrating security and remove the need for costly in-house expertise.
Read more
The Right Light Improves Health and Productivity
Lighting can have a powerful effect on your productivity, mood and even your health. If you are designing lighting systems for use in offices, factories or other buildings, learn how our LED drivers provide the features you need to incorporate human centric lighting into your next design.
Read more
Design Separately, Integrate Seamlessly
Simplify your software integration with the dual core dsPIC33CH family. This new DSC is designed to facilitate independent code development for each core by separate design teams while allowing seamless integration when they are brought together in one chip.
Read more
Announcements
November 7, 2018
MCHP Announces Q2FY19 Financial Results
August 9, 2018
MCHP Announces Q1FY19 Financial Results
August 20 - 25, 2018
MASTERs Conference Location & Dates
View all announcements
Press Releases
View all press releases
Products
Applications
Design
Training
Sample
About
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
Investors
Careers
Support
©Copyright 1998-2018 Microchip Technology Inc. All rights reserved.
var isSitefinityPage = true; var pageDivisionValue = 'cpg,automotive'