We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. 
Learn more
OK
Roche
Menu
Search
Global Web Site
: 
Partnering
You are here:
Partnering
Diagnostics areas of interest
Diabetes care
Roche
Home
About Roche
Products
Sustainability
Research & Development
Partnering
Media
Investors
Careers
How we collaborate
Get in touch with us
Pharma areas of interest
Diagnostics areas of interest
Biomarkers for disease areas
Clinical chemistry and immunochemistry
Point of care and patient self testing
Diabetes care
Molecular diagnostics
Tissue/haematology/urine diagnostics and coagulation testing
Workflow automation, data analytics and decision support
Diabetes care
The vision of Roche Diabetes Care is to help people with diabetes everywhere in the world think less about their daily diabetes routine so they can get true relief, day and night.
For over 40 years and with its Accu-Chek brand, Roche Diabetes Care has been dedicated to enabling people with diabetes to live life as normal and active as possible, as well as empowering healthcare professionals to optimally manage their patients’ condition.
The current Accu-Chek portfolio offers people with diabetes and healthcare professionals innovative products and impactful solutions for convenient, efficient and effective diabetes management. This includes blood glucose meters, lancing devices, insulin delivery systems, and digital solutions for data management, advice, coaching and education. We are looking for opportunities to continuously improve and innovate our portfolio in order to further improve medical outcome and the quality of life of people with diabetes.
Our areas of focus include forming collaborations on
Solutions that accelerate and enhance our portfolio of glucose monitoring technologies and insulin delivery systems
Services and solutions that enable digital diabetes management
If you have a promising technology, why not get in touch with us?
Partner with us
Contact us
If you have an idea, we would like to hear from you.
Contact us
Share
Share via email
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Google+
Share on Xing
Close
More on Roche Diabetes Care Vision:
Watch Accu-Chek video
more
Visit Accu-Chek website
more
More about Digital Health Solutions:
Visit mySugr website
more
You might also be interested in this:
Taking on the global rise of diabetes
For World Health Day 2016, Roche is working to raise awareness about the global burden of diabetes and the consequences of this disease.
more
Changing diabetes care for children in Africa
Provide comprehensive diabetes care for children with type 1 diabetes in Africa and improve the healthcare systems of resource-limited countries.
 
more
© 2018 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd
10.11.2018
Legal Statement
Privacy Policy
This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube