Skip to main content
Main Menu
Product Families
Departments
History
Contact Us
SAINT-GOBAIN

    Ceramic Materials  

        
    Product Families          

        
    Departments          

        
    History          

        
    Contact Us          

                        SAINT-GOBAIN CERAMIC MATERIALS
              

                        Material Solutions That Make a Difference              

                        • Extend your equipment  lifetime              

                        • Boost your product performance              

                        • Increase your process efficiency               
Saint-Gobain Ceramic Materials Division regroups Saint-Gobain’s businesses specialized in ceramic-based solutions for industrial clients.  Our product range spans from advanced ceramic grains and powders, to specialty refractories and ceramic systems.  We offer “Material Solutions That Make a Difference”, in the sense that our ceramic products and services are mission-critical to our customers’ own applications.  At the heart of industry, we pride ourselves in serving segment-leading customers across the world, through long-term, trust-based relationships. 
Saint-Gobain Ceramic Materials :
it’s a matter of Trust
Our ceramic experience is derived from a centuries-old industrial tradition inherited from Saint-Gobain and from acquired entities such as Norton, Carbordundum, SEPR, Bicron, Harshaw, Desmarquest, Corhart, Stettner.  
Learn more about our historic roots.
OUR HISTORY
Our customers typically value our support over time through the experience our committed professionals strive to offer.
Reliability 
of Supply
Consistency of 
Quality
Innovation in conjunction with our customers (
Co-Development
)
Respect of 
Confidentiality 
for each customer
Local 
presence combined with 
global excellence
 standards

      Ceramic Materials main product families    
One of our characteristics is to be vertically integrated from grains and powders synthesis to ceramic shaping and finishing, which allows us to develop from end-to-end our unique solutions customized to satisfy our customers’ most stringent requirements.  Browse below for more information.
Ceramic media and powders
Zirconias 
Thermal Spray powders
Silicon Carbide sinterable powders
Boron Nitride powders
Proppants
Catalytic carriers and process ceramics
Crystals
Scintillating crystals and sensors for radiation detection
Photonics crystals and substrates
Lumilog GaN substrates
Ceramic components and systems
Structural ceramics
Boron nitride components
Kiln furniture
Wear resistance tiles
Ceramic armor plates
Sapphire components and transparent armor
Solid oxide fuel cells
Quartz components, fibers and textile solutions
Specialty Refractories
Refractory solutions for the glass-making industry
Refractories for metallurgy
Refractories for energy and other applications
Recycling solutions
Abrasive grains and grinding media
Specialty abrasive grits
Silicon carbide 
 Grinding media (beads)
Ceramic blasting media
Slurries and coolants
Engineered particles
Ceramic coating solutions
Thermal spray powders
Flame and plasma spray equipment
Sputtering targets 

      Ceramic Materials Departments    
In addition to our product families above, view the six related departments which make up Saint-Gobain Ceramic Materials.  Click below to visit our departments and websites.
Silicon Carbide & Quartz
Silicon Carbide & Quartz
Silicon Carbide grains and powders are used in all types of applications and a broad spectrum of markets.  Additionally, the Quartz offer provides Quartz fibers and crucibles with emphasis on Aerospace, Railroads, Solar and Air Purification.
> www.sic.saint-gobain.com  
> www.quartz.saint-gobain.com  
Specialty Grains and Powders
Specialty Grains and Powders
Materials and solutions in the form of ceramic beads, coatings, grains and powders  (non-SiC), slurries and chemicals
> www.abrasivematerials.saint-gobain.com  
> www.bn.saint-gobain.com
> www.coatingsolutions.saint-gobain.com  
> www.surfaceconditioning.saint-gobain.com  
> www.zirpro.com
NorPro
NorPro
NorPro's offer in ceramic proppants, ceramic catalytic carriers and support media are tailed to solutions for Oil and Gas and Petrochemical applications
> www.norpro.saint-gobain.com  
> www.proppants.saint-gobain.com 
SefPro
SefPro
Sefpro is a trusted refractory solutions provider for the glass-making industry and with the Valoref business and commitment to the EHS and sustainability delivers a refractory waste management system valued by many glass industry.  
> www.sefpro.com  
> www.valoref.com  
High-Performance Refractories
High-Performance Refractories
High-Performance Refractories deliver refractory solutions for metallurgy and other non-glass applications, and structural ceramic systems for various industrial applications.
> www.refractories.saint-gobain.com  
Crystals
Crystals
Crystals focus on radiation detection, x-ray monochromators,  garnet substraits and synthetic sapphire optimize the unique properties of materials — purity, optical, thermal, scintillation, crystallographic — through advanced industrial processing.
> www.crystals.saint-gobain.com 

                  Sales and Marketing                
Our 700 marketing, sales and supply chain professionals travel the world to understand your needs, propose the right solution and serve as an interface with the rest of our organization, with the goal to provide you the best possible experience.

                  Production workforce                
Our 4000 production people in our 63 manufacturing sites are taking care of all aspects of manufacturing, including safety & environment, on-time delivery, cost and quality, in a customer-centric mindset. Global excellence standards are deployed across all sites so that every customer in the world gets the best of what we can offer globally.

                  Scientists                
Our scientists and R&D technicians are experts in ceramic engineering, leveraging our material platforms and core technologies to develop innovative solutions addressing the clients evolving needs.

                  Administration                
Our global administrative staff ensure that stakeholders, including customers, employees, shareholders, and local communities are properly served. From financial controlling to human resources, and from communications to general management, our administrators build something larger than just a collection of plants.
Sales and Marketing
Diane,
 Marketing and Sales Director
“My commitment is to ensure that customer needs are understood and their expectations met. I passionately serve as an Ambassador, bringing the best solutions of Saint-Gobain to my global clients.”
Production workforce
Ken,
 Production Supervisor
“Global competition has forced us to continuously improve and adapt. We have to stay on the top. I’m proud to be in a world-class manufacturing network.”
Scientists
Jennifer,
 R&D engineer
“Developing new ceramic materials is an exciting challenge, as we need to understand the complexities of how they are made and used. A key part of our R&D work is to meet with customers to better understand their needs, which then allows us to quickly develop products that deliver better performance. I’m proud to say what I work on helps our customers to do their jobs better and more easily.”
Administration
Suresh,
 Financial Controller
“Our operations are growing rapidly in India. I have to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks and that our local entity becomes a world-class export base with nothing to envy from more mature sites in Europe.”
About Saint-Gobain
Saint-Gobain designs, manufactures and distributes materials and solutions which are key ingredients in the wellbeing of each of us and the future of all. They can be found everywhere in our living places and our daily life: in buildings, transportation, infrastructure and in so many industrial applications.
MENU
Sitemap
History
Legal
Contact Us
About Saint-Gobain
Ceramic Materials
63 manufacturing locations in 15 countries
Over 1200 m€ in sales
Over 7000 employees globally
© Copyright Saint-Gobain 2018. All rights reserved.                                                                                                                                                                    Production Worker Image by Tristan Paviot