Toggle navigation
Search for:
HOME
About 
Management
Partners
Careers
TECHNOLOGY 
Intellectual Property
Process
Products 
Clean Lignin
Industrial Alcohol
 Activated Carbon
Facilities
News
Contact
HARNESSING THE

		
POWER OF BIOMASS
		
Sweetwater Energy has developed a unique and patented technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin fiber from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world’s increasing demand for biochemicals, bioplastics and biofuels.
		
OUR TECHNOLOGY
HARNESSING THE

		
POWER OF BIOMASS
		
Sweetwater Energy has developed a unique and patented technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin fiber from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world’s increasing demand for biochemicals, bioplastics and biofuels.
		
OUR TECHNOLOGY
OUR TECHNOLOGY
Sweetwater’s patented technology has proven to be exceptionally efficient at harvesting highly fermentable sugar and clean lignin fiber from various types of biomass.

OUR Technology
RECENT NEWS
Read up on the latest news and information on Sweetwater, or search past press releases and articles.

Recent News
OUR PARTNERS
Sweetwater is proud to partner with several world-class companies to help bring efficient sugar extraction and clean lignin generation to the marketplace.

OUR PARTNERS
ABOUT SWEETWATER ENERGY
Sweetwater Energy uses a unique technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world's increasing bioenergy and biochemical demand.
    
Sweetwater has a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio of issued and pending patents. Sweetwater's highly efficient technology and process allows the company to produce very high quality sugars and unique, clean, non-sulphonated lignin fiber. Extensive testing with multiple third-party companies has proven that both our sugars and lignin shine as platform feedstocks for many final products.
    
CONTACT US
300 Trolley Blvd. 
 Rochester, NY 14606
Phone: 585-647-5760
info@sweetwater.us
© 2018 Sweetwater Energy  | All rights reserved. POWERED BY 
EAGLEDREAM TECHNOLOGIES