Skip to content
ABOUT FIATEST
SERVICES
FOOD INTOLERANCE
FOOD ALLERGY
FAQs
ORDER NOW
Loading...
Food Intolerance & Allergy Test
Learn about the Allergens and Foods that may be causing you discomfort, weakness, illness, and even obesity.
Home
Waqar Hussain
2018-09-18T18:30:06+00:00
Food Intolerance
Food Allergy
Non-Food & Environmental Allergy
Frequently Asked Questions
If you do not see the answer to your question below, please feel free to start a Live Chat Session with one of our available representatives. We will do our best to assist you. 
What Is Food Intolerance?
Waqar Hussain
2018-09-18T13:00:04+00:00
What Is Food Intolerance?
Food intolerances occur when you eat something but it fails to be properly broken down in the intestines. The main reason for this failure may be due to a lack of digestive enzymes among other factors.
What Is The Difference Between Food Intolerance and Food Allergy?
Waqar Hussain
2018-09-18T13:06:26+00:00
What Is The Difference Between Food Intolerance and Food Allergy?
The main difference between an intolerance and an allergy is that an allergy will manifest itself almost immediately after inhalation or consumption of a particular substance. Food intolerances, on the other hand, are more deceptive. Depending on the individual, symptoms may arrive anywhere between a couple of hours to a couple of days.
What Are Some Common Symptoms of Food Intolerance
Waqar Hussain
2018-09-18T13:06:48+00:00
What Are Some Common Symptoms of Food Intolerance
Negative food intolerance related symptoms may include fatigue, migraines, eczema, bloating, gas, weight gain, brain fog, joint ache, acid reflux, food cravings, diarrhea, and more.
Read More FAQs
Delivered Fast & Easy
When you order our FIATest Kit, you will receive it within 2-3 business days. It only takes a few seconds to draw blood, add a few drops onto the collection pad, and then return the Kit with the envelope provided that comes inside your FIATest Kit.
Fast & Easy Delivery (2-3 Business Days)
Simple 1, 2, 3 Step Process
Receive Quick Results!
FIATest offers reliable food intolerance and food allergy testing where customers can purchase kits that they could send back for laboratory testing. Results are delivered electronically in a short time frame. It is always recommended to consult medical professionals for diagnosis as there could be medical issues other than food allergies and intolerances that show similar symptoms. 
ORDER NOW!

		© Copyright 2012 - 
document.write(new Date().getFullYear());
   |   WEBSITE CREATED BY 
ACE WEB DESIGNS
   | 
CLICK FOR DISCLAIMER
  |  
PRIVACY POLICY