Skip to content
Trucent
Trucent
Scroll down to content
Complete Solutions
Industries
Technology + Innovations
About Us
Careers
Contact

					877-280-7212					

					877-280-7212					
877-280-7212
Separation sciences,
 technologies,
 and end-to-end services.
Complete Solutions
Industries
Technology + Innovations
About Us
Careers
Contact
Complete Solutions
We Bring Science to Separation
 We repurpose and reclaim fluid, creating something new.
 We extract, developing new products by way of extraction.
 We maintain the integrity of active coolant systems, helping retain quality.
Industries
Our best-in-class service and methodology serves a variety of industries and applications.
Industrial Manufacturing Fluids
Oils
Cleaners
Coolants
Biofuel + Ethanol
Corn Oil
Protein
Waste Water Treatment
Industrial
Rendering
Food & Beverage
Custom Solutions
Helping create and build new 
Solutions and applications
Technology + Innovations
Our leading-edge technology combined with our ability to build custom solutions offer true innovation, applied to your specific needs.
Available Technologies
Centrifuge
Membranes
Distillation
Super Critical Extraction
Filtration
Innovative Platforms
Protein
Wastewater Treatment
Dissolved Air Flotation (DAF) Treatment
Ethanol – Corn Oil
Industrial Oil
With the smartest, most driven people in the industry, Trucent offers proactive service and support. We offer precision technologies, leading-edge equipment, and mobile fleets, deploying vast resources, right where it’s needed.
Modular Separation Systems
We sell and rent machinery, complete with pilot and analytical support and expert installation. Our agile services, including mobile fleets and a vast array of technology, are available with immediacy and as needs arise.
Complete Turnkey Services
We can manage your entire process. Selecting, purchasing, and helping with inventory needs, monitoring processes, analyzing trends, purifying, treating, and maintaining fluids, we’re here with you. Every step of the way.
 Client Site Services
We come directly to you with technicians and systems to solve your purification needs. We become an extension of your organization, helping provide people, equipment, and more
About
Trucent (formerly Valicor) leads and pioneers intelligent engineered solutions to complex challenges in fluid separation, ethanol and corn oil extraction, and plant process optimization. And we do it with the smartest, most driven people in the industry. Proactive service and support. Precision technologies, leading-edge equipment, and mobile fleets. We are nimble—able to deploy vast resources right where they’re needed. Give us your challenge. Immerse us in your process. And let us find ways to reduce waste. Find new revenue streams. Become more sustainable. And make something extraordinary, together.
Careers
Are you up for the challenge? 
We’re always looking out for talented, insightful, driven, and friendly individuals to join our team. Click to see our current openings. We hope to hear from you.
Career Site
Thomas Czartoski, 
Founder & CEO
With two decades of experience in the sustainability industry, Thomas is a pioneer in many commercially- practiced fluid purification operations and technologies. Tom’s dedication and enthusiasm for industrial and fluid services has driven innovation in advanced sustainability solutions that Trucent delivers to its customers. He is viewed as a sustainability thought leader within a wide range of industries such as environmental services, automotive manufacturing, pharmaceutical production, and alternative fuels.
David Semersky, 
Vice President, Fluid Purification Services
With over ten years at Trucent, Dave leads the Fluid Purification Group, which provides proven industrial fluid purification to the metalworking industries in North America. Prior to his time at Trucent, Dave served as Manager of Engineering, General Manager and Vice President of the Equipment Division. He also led as President of Hydroflow, Inc., a manufacturer of central coolant filter systems. He has served on the Board of Directors of companies in England, Continental Europe, China and Thailand. This year will complete Dave’s 40th year of being responsible for the design and manufacture of industrial fluid purification equipment, having helped pioneer it in the late 1970’s.
Kevin Moore, 
Vice President, Advanced Separations
Kevin provides bottom line results in R&D, operations and commercial roles. An executive leader and engineer with 11 patents and numerous board directorships, he executes high-risk assignments working collaboratively across organizations driving results by growing net income and revenue.
Contact
Want to learn more? Ready to engage? Fill in the following form. We’ll get right back to you.
7400 Newman Boulevard

Dexter, MI 48130
877-280-7212
info@trucent.com
Copyright © 2018 Trucent.
All rights reserved.
First Name
Last Name
Phone
Email
Company
Country / State
*
Please Select
Canada
Mexico
----------------------------------------------
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Armed Forces Americas
Armed Forces Europe
Armed Forces Pacific
Message
Ethanol/Corn Oil Extraction
Ethanol/Corn Oil Extraction
CAPTCHA
 jQuery(document).ready(function(){jQuery(document).trigger('gform_post_render', [1, 1]) } ); 
Proudly powered by WordPress