Skip to main content
Ordering
immunoSEQ
clonoSEQ
Sign-In
immunoSEQ Analyzer
clonoSEQ Secure Portal
For Patients
For Payers
Careers
Contact
Search
IMMUNOSEQ
immunoSEQ Overview
immunoSEQ Service
immunoSEQ Kit
immunoSEQ Analyzer
immunoSEQ Applications
Technology
Ordering
Knowledge Center
CLONOSEQ
clonoSEQ Overview
The Importance of MRD
How clonoSEQ Works
clonoSEQ Report
Clinical Data
For Patients
Product Inquiry
PIPELINE
INSIGHTS
PUBLICATIONS
Research
Diagnostics
NEWS
Press Releases
News Features
Events & Speakers
Stay Up-to-Date
Archive
ABOUT US
Our Company
Careers
Leadership
Advisors
Contact
About Us
Newsroom
Publications
Research
Learn about our assays, download technical documents, and find helpful answers for troubleshooting.
MORE
Diagnostics
Ordering clonoSEQ
Learn about the ordering process, access resources, and contact our team.
MORE
Patient Support
Learn more about Adaptive Assist, our new Patient Support Program.
MORE
Home
Home
Now FDA-cleared for 
 MRD testing of bone 
 marrow from myeloma & 
 B-ALL patients
The only FDA-cleared test powered

by immunosequencing
Explore reports
Ultra-sensitive 
detection of MRD
FDA-cleared assay to detect and monitor 
minimal residual diease (MRD) in myeloma 
and B-cell ALL bone marrow samples
see how it works
Learning to "read"

the immune system
TCR ANTIGEN MAP
High-throughput sequencing

of T- and B-cell receptors
explore analyzer
Billions of Data Points Easily

Visualized with the Analyzer
see it in action
Setting Standards for

Immunosequencing
see it in action
Previous
Next
Measure MRD with clonoSEQ, the first & only FDA-cleared MRD assay for MM and B-ALL
Profile the immune repertoire with immunoSEQ
Become part of cutting-edge science
Adaptive Biotechnologies is a pioneer and leader in combining high-throughput sequencing and expert bioinformatics to profile T-cell and B-cell receptors.
The accuracy and sensitivity of our immunosequencing platform drives groundbreaking research in cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. We are also committed to translating immunosequencing discoveries into clinical diagnostics and therapeutic development to improve patient care.
×
By clicking this button, I acknowledge I am leaving Adaptive’s web site and will be redirected to a new web site owned and operated by a third party.  Adaptive is not responsible for the third party’s website including the handling of your personal information.
I agree
The Power of Immunosequencing

Learn how sequencing T- and B-cell receptors is being used to advance scientific discovery.
clonoSEQ & MRD

Learn about clonoSEQ and how it identifies and tracks measurable residual disease (MRD).
×
By clicking this button, I acknowledge I am leaving Adaptive’s web site and will be redirected to a new web site owned and operated by a third party.  Adaptive is not responsible for the third party’s website including the handling of your personal information.
I agree

      in the news    
September 28, 2018
FDA Grants De Novo Designation for Adaptive Biotechnologies’ clonoSEQ Assay to Detect and Monitor Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) in Patients with Multiple Myeloma and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
September 28, 2018
A New Study Published in the Journal Blood Demonstrates that Measuring Minimal Residual Disease Negativity Using Adaptive Biotechnologies’ Next-Generation Sequencing Platform is a Major Predictive Indicator in Multiple Myeloma
May 29, 2018
Adaptive Biotechnologies Announces a Collaboration With Sanofi to use Adaptive’s clonoSEQ® Assay to Measure Minimal Residual Disease in Active and Future Isatuximab Multiple Myeloma Trials
May 9, 2018
 T Cell Receptor Sequencing IDs Aggressive Lymphoma Subtype

      features    
The First & Only FDA-Cleared MRD Assay in Any Lymphoid Cancer
clonoSEQ is now FDA-cleared to detect and monitor MRD in bone marrow from multiple myeloma and B-cell ALL patients
LEARN MORE
Learning to "read" the immune system
Microsoft and Adaptive are partnering to map the genetics of the human immune system to diagnose disease.
LEARN MORE
Knowledge Center
VIEW NOW
Decoding the Human Immune System
HEAR TALK
EY’s Pacific NW Entrepreneur of the Year Award
LEARN MORE
clonoSEQ Gets a New Look
EXPLORE SITE
more
ADAPTIVE'S TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICIES APPLY TO THE USE OF THIS SITE

The Terms of Use and Online Privacy Policy govern the use of this web site and other online resources Adaptive provides that link to those documents. The Privacy Shield Policy describes the commitments Adaptive has made to protect personal data it receives from third parties located in the European Union or Switzerland. The HIPAA policy is Adaptive’s Notice of Privacy Practices for patients whose personal health information is received or created by Adaptive for diagnostic and related purposes. Adaptive may update, change, add, or delete policies in its sole discretion without notice to you. You have an affirmative obligation to review the web site from time to time and read and understand the policies. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, by using this web site, you expressly agree to this.
VIEW TERMS
About Us
Our Company
Newsroom
Contact Us
Careers
Products
immunoSEQ
clonoSEQ
Legal, Terms of use & Privacy
Terms of Use
Online Privacy Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
HIPAA Policy
Code of Conduct
Patents & Trademarks
Licenses
Follow Us
Twitter
YouTube
Facebook
LinkedIn
© 2018 Adaptive Biotechnologies. All rights reserved.
Corporate/Research
(855) 466-8667
Diagnostics
(888) 552-8988
Back to Top