Close
About Adlens
Careers
Contact Us

          To purchase Adlens UZOOM and Adapt products visit our Amazon Store. 

            Buy Adapt
          

            Buy UZOOM
          
About Adlens
Careers
Contact Us
×
About Adlens
Careers
Contact Us
Hello, we're Adlens
The lens was invented 700 years ago. Its underlying technology has remained unchanged.
We are changing that. Our adjustable focus lenses already have revolutionized the way we see. For tomorrow's
                        world, we are developing technology for VR and AR applications which create a more comfortable and
                        realistic user experience.
Learn More
Improving Lives with Technology
Vision in focus
Our journey started 14 years ago with a powerful idea:
                        
Could we develop glasses that allowed people anywhere to set their own prescription?
                    
Today, we develop technology that harnesses the power of variable focus lenses to enable us all to see
                        better. This technology has advanced to new arenas: we are now developing lenses for auto-focus glasses,
                        AR/VR head mounted displays and adjustable focus reading glasses for consumers everywhere.
Get to Know Us
Get to Know Us
Founded in 2004 by venture philanthropist James Chen and Professor Josh Silver of Oxford University,
                        Adlens is based in Eynsham, just west of Oxford, England. We serve consumers worldwide from sales
                        offices in Tokyo and Boston.
Explore our Products
Interested in what our innovations can do for you?
Meet Our Team
Contact Us
Products
Future Realities
Future Realities
In virtual reality and augmented reality, our lenses create a more immersive experience - improving
                            the realism, definition and movement of virtual objects.
We are currently partnering with a number of leading OEMs to hone the advanced lens technology used
                            in AR and VR applications.
Meet the Team Behind the Tech 
Eyewear
Consumer Eyewear
Our line of consumer eyeglasses, including the Adapt and UZOOM brands, is designed to give back the
                            full range of near vision lost as a result of aging.
This is part of a product journey we hope will ensure none of us will have to compromise the quality
                            of our vision as we get older.
Shop Now
Leadership & Advisory Board
James Chen
James Chen
Founder
Our founder and key shareholder, James Chen, is a venture philanthropist who has become gripped
                                by one issue: 2.5 billion people still struggle with poor vision without treatment. He co-founded
                                Adlens to investigate the technology, followed by
                                
Vision for a Nation
 a charity supporting emerging nations – starting with Rwanda – in
                                providing affordable glasses and primary eye care. Recently James launched the
                                
Clearly campaign
 to inspire promote greater awareness of the global vision issue. His
                                mission is to see a world where everyone has access to vision correction.
John Kennedy
John Kennedy
CEO
John is the one who knits it together. Mesmerized by the juggling people do to ensure they have glasses
                            to hand, he knows there’s a better way. An engineer by training, he’s built his experience in
                            tech and consumer growth businesses. When not at work a bicycle never seems far away.

            data-
Rob Stevens
Dr. Rob Stevens
CTO
Rob talks, thinks, breathes physics & optics. He is responsible for developing all the technology
                            that is fundamental to Adlens. If science hasn’t defined it yet as impossible, he’s up for it.
                            Prior to Adlens he was to be found teaching at Oxford University. Cars, children and badminton
                            also vie for his attention.
Sian James
Sian James
Programme Director
Motivator, organizer and engineer, Siân drives the development of the business. Steeped in innovation
                            from her time at Dyson and Xerox, she has the will to succeed and a wicked sense of humor. In
                            any spare time, she’s a talented chef and scuba diver.
Richard Hill
Richard Hill
Chief Products Officer
Richard is our product guru. Design is close to his heart, so innovation and attention to detail
                            go hand in hand. Whilst a product designer, he’s also delivered the champagne bar at St Pancras
                            and part of the London Olympics brand team, so he focuses on consumer behavior. Dream car, a
                            1965 short wheelbase Porsche 911.
Contact Us
Inquiries
contact@adlens.com
©2018 Adlens Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adlens Ltd. is incorprated in England under registration no. 5288859 | VAT no. GB 918486486
Privacy Policy and Disclaimers
0