
							Home Page
						

							Product Information
						

							Market Applications
						

			Infrastructure Applications
		

			Transportation Applications
		

			Energy Applications
		

			Aerospace Applications
		

			Defense Applications
		

							Technical Reports
						

							News/Updates
						

							Contact Us
						
"ACF's unique, high-performance fibers will enable our clients to dominate their marketplace"
"
We make materials lighter, stronger, and more tolerant to heat, fatigue, stress, and corrosion."
  The photo shown left represents a block of aluminum with 
Fi-Bar
TM 
fibers integrated into the metal. These unique fibers multiply the tensile strength of the aluminum 15-20 times!
Company Details
- Advanced Ceramic Fibers (ACF) is a "Limited Liability Company" (LLC) organized in the State of Idaho on November 5, 2012.
Who We Are
 - ACF is a producer of ultra-high performance, lower cost "
Fi-Bar
TM
", for use in specialty applications and metal and ceramic matrix composites.  The unique features and benefits of 
Fi-Bar
TM
 are derived from our continuous "
Direct Conversion Process
TM
"
.
Intellectual Property
 - ACF has been awarded five patents that support our product and process. Our United States Patent No. 8,940,391 for the 
Fi-Bar
TM
 , 
"
Silicon Carbide Fibers and Articles Including Same
", has been assigned to ACF by the Idaho National Laboratory/Battelle Energy Alliance, LLC and the U. 
S. 
Department of Energy, and U. S. Patent No. 9,199,227, "
Methods of Producing Continuous Boron Carbide Fibers
".  U.S. Patent No. 9,272,913, "
Methods for Producing Silicon Carbide Fibers
", and U.S. Patent No. 9,275,762, "
Cladding Material, Tube Including Such Cladding Material and Methods of Forming The Same, and U.S. Patent No. 9,803,296, 
"
Metal Carbide Fibers and Methods for their Manufacture
".
Leadership Team - 
The ACF leadership team has extensive experience in new business start-ups, especially related to high technology oriented businesses.  The management assignments and responsibilities are:
Dr. John E. Garnier, Founder/Chief Technology Officer
Mr. Kenneth G. Koller, CEO/COO
Mr. Shawn Perkins, President, Business Operations
Mr. David Harrell, Chief Financial Officer
Mr. William Patterson, Production Operations
​
Contact Information 
- 
Address:             Advanced Ceramic Fibers, LLC
                                 2300 N. Yellowstone Hwy. - Suite 210
                                 Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401-1662
    Phone/FAX:      208.522.6008/208.522.6018
    e-Mail:                kkoller@acfibers.com
    Web Site:            www.acfibers.com
"Transforming the Reinforced Materials Marketplace!"
Web Hosting
 by FatCow