Home
About
Technology
Carbon Logic
Contact Us
Home
About
Technology
Carbon Logic
Contact Us
#pre-footer-area:after{border-top-color:#fff}
Harvesting residues yields returns.

A clean-technology company.
Converting agricultural waste into high value natural soil amendment products.
INTEGRATED BIOMASS PLATFORM
 Learn More
Founded in 2010 in Spokane, Washington, Ag Energy Solutions is a privately held clean technology company focused on converting agricultural waste into synthetic gas and high value natural soil amendment products branded “Carbon Logic."
Results Based on Science & Technology
Ag Energy utilizes time-proven gasification technologies with modern, automated control systems to convert agricultural waste into a valuable carbonous material and syngas.

Ag Energy’s fully automated and movable gasifier can process many dry, homogenous, cellulosic biomasses. The carbonous material produced, has a high commercial and industrial value as a key component in soil remediation efforts and as a filtration media. The addition of this material into agricultural soils provides significant yield improvements, reduces water usage and is an economical means for sequestering carbon. The syngas can be used as a fuel to produce heating and cooling, electricity, or can be filtered to get pure hydrogen.
Ag Energy’s fully automated and portable 
IBP
 can process any dry, homogenous, cellulosic biomass.
Syngas is a blend of combustible gases – hydrogen and carbon monoxide – that can be used as a fuel or further refined to create pure hydrogen.
Biochar is the carbon byproduct of biomass gasification. Ag Energy biochar is a high-quality activated charcoal which has been shown to yield significant benefits to crops in both laboratory and field tests.
Contact Us
Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
Send Message
Ag Energy
7921 E Broadway Avenue, Spokane Valley, WA 99212
509.343.3156
info@ag.energy
© 2018 Ag Energy Solutions Inc. All Rights Reserved.
            
            
Help
Privacy
Terms