Skip to content
Get to Know Us
Home
Sustainable Products
Customized Services
Algae Production Systems
Corporate Highlights
var lsjQuery = jQuery;
Home
Administrator
2018-11-30T15:06:52+00:00
Products
Services
Algae Production
World-Class Algae Cultivation Experts
Algenol Biotech is a leading edge biotechnology company that manufactures multiple types of algae from molecular to commercial scale. Our clean blue-green algae cultivation process yields high quality, sustainable and affordable products.
GET TO KNOW US
Careers
At Algenol we are passionate about what we do. Our diverse team is individually and collectively hard working and dedicated to achieving excellence in our cutting-edge biotechnology industry.
Come join our team!
VIEW OPEN POSITIONS
“Working at Algenol to develop technology that can have a significant impact on climate change and quality of life is very satisfying. Being a part of a diverse team of scientists and engineers trying to find economically viable solutions presents a new exciting challenge almost every day. That’s what makes Algenol a great place to work.”
Bill Porubsky, Ph.D. – Director, Cultivation Engineering
“Algenol is great because … I get to work on a variety of challenges facing emerging  technologies within the field, and I get to do it with smart, creative, and fun people “
Matthew Anderson – Sr. Research Associate
“I am fascinated by the diversity of cyanobacteria and their potential as attractive biofuel production strains. I enjoy the international work environment and the option to work in an exciting research area.”
Alexandra Friedrich, Sr. Director, Metabolic Engineering (Berlin)
“Working at Algenol has been extremely rewarding, knowing that each and every day we are one step closer to creating a better source of clean energy and green products. This is a scientist’s dream job!  The people I work with are amazing—we are like one big family here.  We help each other through challenges and celebrate our accomplishments together.  Seeing an experiment carried out from beginning to end, knowing that I had a part in helping us get a little closer to reaching our goals is so fulfilling.”
Jodie Noel – Research Associate
“I enjoy the interdisciplinary aspects of my work as well as being part of an international team of dedicated scientists.”
Torsten Schwecke, Ph.D. – Associate Director, Analytics Department (Berlin)
“At Algenol, I have the ability to work in a field where I can really make a difference, by working on real world problems to find sustainable solutions.  The work is challenging, yet incredibly rewarding.”
Kim Anderson, Ph.D. – Associate Director, Molecular Biology
“One of the most rewarding aspects of my job is working with such smart, passionate, and dedicated colleagues—we really have a wonderful team!”
Laura Belicka, Sr. Scientist, Cultivation Engineering
“I enjoy the intriguingly and challenging work at Algenol in the area of biofuels and chemical feedstock production with cyanobacteria. I am very enthusiastic about the various possibilities to develop and apply molecular biology tools that enable us to use cyanobacteria as heterologous expression systems and optimize metabolic fluxes into the desired product.”
Ulf Duehring, Ph.D. – Senior Director of Genetic Engineering Department (Berlin)
“One of the most exciting things about Algenol is collaborating with cutting-edge scientists to create new systems that are unlike any other in the world.”
Mathieu Cottenceau – Sr. Engineering Associate
“I love working in this industry because it is always evolving, and I am constantly learning something new! Working at Algenol exemplifies the definition of team work, and the ability to use my experience and knowledge of phytoplankton ecology in a globally significant application makes this my dream job!”
Lisa Pickell, Sr. Scientist, Cultivation Engineering
“It has been amazing to watch Algenol evolve over the past 10 years.  We attract the best and brightest from around the globe to work on our game-changing technology.”
Tonya DuBois – Associate Director, Human Resources
“I love the cohesion among the Algenol team! Everyone here shares the same vision and is dedicated to our mission.”
Nicole Simkonis – Executive Assistant
“I love working at Algenol because we are developing a new sustainable fuel source. I plan to gift my life’s work to future generations to help them achieve a whole earth balanced carbon cycle, while enjoying the bounties of clean, abundant energy”
Bodie Drake – Manager, Field Operations
General Inquiries
239.498.2000
Services & Partnering
239.498.2000
Algenol Biotech
16121 Lee Road 
|
 Suite 110

    Fort Myers 
|
 FL 
|
 33912
© 2016 - Algenol® | 16121 Lee Road, Suite #110, Fort Myers, FL 33912
 | 
    
Tel 239.498.2000
Contact Us
Careers
Privacy Policy