Global Locations
About Amicus
Overview
Welcome from Chairman & CEO
Leadership
Belief Statement
Contact Us
Message from BIO
Programs & Pipeline
Our Pipeline
Our Product
Amicus Assist™
Our Programs
Fabry Disease
Pompe Disease
Batten Disease
Preclinical Programs
Science & Technology
Clinical Trials
Platform Technologies
Publications & Posters
Journal Articles
Patient Advocacy
Overview
Disease Information
Patient Portraits
Advisory Boards
Community Support
Resources
Expanded Access
Responsibility
Ethics & Compliance
Global Medical Affairs
Corporate Giving
Healing Beyond Disease
Investors & Media
Investors
Investor Relations
Sr. Management Team
Board of Directors
Corporate Governance
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Annual Reports and Proxies
SEC Filings
Stock Performance
Investor FAQs
Contact Us
Sign Up for Email Alerts
Media
Featured Coverage
Electronic Press Kit
Careers
Overview
Current Opportunities
Contact Us
Global Locations
A r
re company.
Amicus Therapeutics is a biotechnology company at the forefront of advanced therapies to treat a range of devastating rare and orphan diseases.
About Amicus

Age: 24

Groningen, Netherlands

Living with Fabry
“It has been 15 years since a treatment was approved in the U.S. for people with Fabry disease. We’re excited to have a second option available for some people living with Fabry Disease.”
Jerry Walter

Founder & President

National Fabry Disease Foundation
Learn More
Pl
tform technologies.
Inventive science is at the core

of our technology platforms.
Our science

Age: 54

Saddlebrook, NJ

Living with Pompe
Innov
tion
We are at the forefront of developing therapies to potentially address significant unmet needs for devastating rare and orphan diseases.
Our pipeline
News & Announcements
November 12, 2018
Amicus Therapeutics to Present at the Credit Suisse 27th Annual Healthcare Conference
November 5, 2018
Amicus Therapeutics Announces Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results and Corporate Updates
October 29, 2018
Amicus Therapeutics to Announce Third Quarter 2018 Financial Results on November 5, 2018
October 11, 2018
Amicus Therapeutics to Host Analyst Day 2018 Today in New York City
October 8, 2018
Amicus Therapeutics Enters Research and Development Collaboration with University of Pennsylvania to Develop AAV Gene Therapies
International News
New treatment for Fabry disease to be listed on Australia’s Life Saving Drugs Program
More news
Featured Topics
A Rare Company – Persistence & Resilience
At Amicus Therapeutics, we believe that we should never give up on our mission to help people with rare diseases. This video in our #RareCompany series talks about the importance of persistence & resilience in our daily work of developing medicines and serving the rare disease community.
A Rare Company – Extraordinary Patient Focus
At Amicus, patient-centricity is in our DNA. See how our commitment to patients goes further than just our medicines and expands out to the rare disease community at large.
Quick Links
Career Opportunities
Our Pipeline
Science & Technology
Leadership
Join Our Team
Working with Amicus provides numerous opportunities to be inventive and purposeful, and where bold thinking and collaboration are highly valued—and expected.
We are currently seeking passionate and qualified candidates in various departments at our global locations.
Search
Our Pipeline
At Amicus we are business led and science driven to deliver meaningful benefits to patients. We believe that our advanced product pipeline and platform technologies uniquely position us at the forefront of developing therapies to potentially address significant unmet needs for devastating rare and orphan diseases.
VIEW FULL PIPELINE →
Science & Technology
We are leveraging our innovative technology platforms to develop treatments for human genetic diseases. The scientists researching these methods are dedicated to finding enhanced treatments for patients suffering from these rare diseases. Their passion fuels progress as we work to deliver meaningful benefits.
MORE →
Committed to delivering meaningful benefits to the rare and orphan disease community, our dedicated leadership team is the driving force behind our developments. They are constantly inspired by others in the rare disease community, and continually aspire to reach new heights.
We are a global biotechnology company at the forefront of advancing therapies for a range of rare and devastating diseases and our excellent team has a very big and a very bold vision.
Each program that we invest in has to have three key characteristics. It has to be in the rare diseases for a devastating disorder, the technology has to have the potential to be first in class or best in class, and the clinical data must be able to provide meaningful benefit for patients.
John F. Crowley

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Amicus Therapeutics Inc.
MEET THE FULL LEADERSHIP TEAM →
Copyright © 2018 Amicus Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved. PP GA ALL 0002 0818
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
The site you are about to enter is intended for US healthcare professionals. 
Please confirm you are a US healthcare professional.
I am a US healthcare professional
I am not a US healthcare professional
Amicus Therapeutics informs you that our website uses its own and third party cookies to improve our services and collect statistical information about your browsing. By clicking accept, we consider that you accept its use. For more information, or to know how to change the configuration, consult our 
Privacy Policy
Accept