Our Solution
Our Partners
About
About Us
Careers
Insights
Login
Get Started
Powering Businesses to the Last Mile 
Your Software Solution to Scale
Our technology platform is your solution to unlock new markets and sell more products — from solar lighting systems to clean cookstoves. 
Learn More
See How Angaza Accelerates Your Business
Angaza is revolutionizing product distribution by removing upfront price barriers, enabling 1 billion consumers in emerging markets to pay for life-changing products in affordable amounts. Learn how.
The #1 Sales Platform Designed for Emerging Markets
Optimize your sales performance. Develop lasting relationships with your clients. Accelerate business growth.
The Angaza software platform is a flexible solution for product distributors to catalyze unprecedented growth in emerging markets.
The Angaza Hub
Customizable and designed for ease of use, Angaza’s software enables you to digitize and automate your distribution business and gain powerful data insights about your operations.
Request a demo
The Angaza Activator
Empower your sales agents with mobile tools to sell more products, manage client accounts, and process cash or mobile money payments — even while offline. 
Request a demo
Sell Any Product
Offer your clients top-of-the-line household and income-generating products from leading manufacturers. Sell them on an affordable installment basis or as a cash sale. Angaza’s platform can support 
any
 life-changing product, from clean cookstoves to smartphones — and more. Our pay-as-you-go metering and monitoring technology is integrated with a large and growing portfolio of best-in-class solar devices.
Learn How
Powerful. Flexible. Scalable.
Software built for businesses and optimized for the unique realities of last-mile distribution. Sell more products to more people, whether they live in urban or remote regions.
Learn More
5x Increase In Sales
Distributors see transformative impact by offering pay-as-you-go pricing with Angaza to reach more consumers.
100+ Partners in Over 30 Countries
Angaza has a growing network of distribution customers across the globe from Nicaragua to Myanmar — and everywhere in between.
The Angaza system is secure, it’s efficient and it’s a game changer for our sales.
Teddy Odindo, Mwezi, Kenya
News
.vc_custom_1419240516480{background-color: #f9f9f9 !important;}
Why Distributors Use Pay-As-You-Go
Why Distributors Use Pay-As-You-Go Written by Alex Chiang, Software Engineering Manager, Angaza This is a continuing series on using keycode systems to deliver Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) [...]
Read more
Engineering Internship: Impacting the Poverty Ladder
Engineering Internship: Impacting the Poverty Ladder Written by Colby Harper, Summer 2017 Engineering Intern, Angaza During summer 2017, Colby Harper participated in a software engineering [...]
Read more
Discover Angaza’s Engineering Constitution
Written by Bill Finn, Senior Software Engineer, Angaza Here at Angaza, we appreciate the craft in our engineering work. We strive to deliver life-changing products, while [...]
Read more
Angaza for Manufacturers
Partner With Angaza
Hub Login
Careers
Get Started
Get Started
Connect With Angaza
Be in the Know

                      You're now subscribed to the Angaza newsletter
                    
© 2018 Angaza. All rights reserved. See our 
Privacy Policy
 and 
Terms of Use
.