Applied Membrane Technology, Inc.
Home
Leadership Team
Silglide®
Coatings
Medical Coatings
Industrial Coatings
Membranes
Medical Membranes
Industrial Membranes
Biotech Membranes
R & D
Research Publications
Research Projects
Media Center
Contact Us
  Login
Coatings
Membranes
WELCOME TO AMT
AMT offers innovative cost-efficient coating and membrane solutions for a wide variety of applications and industries. A worldwide network of research and development resources assures the latest technology for customized solutions.
AMT can resolve most of your material surface-related issues and problems, whatever your field of research or business may be. 

Our Clean Room manufacturing facilities and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) assure consistent high quality.

We can rapidly tailor membranes to meet the exacting demands of your biomedical and industrial filtration processes and develop coatings to enhance substrate slip/lubricity, bonding and tissue interaction.
WHY US?
World Class Quality
A supplier to many well-known medical device companies with products in use for over 20 years. A strict quality assurance program ensures consistent high performance of our products.
Best-in-Class Capabilities
With a strong focus on R&D, we stand ready to undertake rapid development and prototyping. Our large GMP production facilities provide short turnaround time for most projects.
Legacy of Expertise
Our 30+ years of industry expertise, along with a history of collaborative research with major non-profit Research Institutions around the globe, has made us a go-to entity when seeking innovative solutions.

                SILGLIDE
®
SILGLIDE® COATINGS are extremely lubricious, submicron in thickness, chemically resistant and biocompatible.

                Carbond                
CARBOND COATINGS are of atomic dimension, retain substrate morphology and strength, and are chemically resistant and water wettable.

                Fluorocarb                
FLUOROCARB COATINGS are ultrathin, chemically resistant, highly hydrophobic and biocompatible.

                Parylene PA                
PARYLENE – PA COATINGS are extremely smooth, stable, chemically resistant and biocompatible. They are ideal for cell culture and can coat sensitive substrates such as ePTFE films.

                Parylene PF                
PARYLENE-PF COATINGS are extremely hydrophobic on surface and useful for applications that require a high degree of moisture resistance, such as space and biomedical microelectronics.
If you have questions or need more information
Contact Us 
Links
Home
Silglide®
Coatings
Membranes
Leadership Team
Media Center
Membranes
Bio Processing
Gas Filtration & Transfer
Diagnostic
Water Filtration
Gas Filtration
Air Filtration 
Liquid/Liquid Separation
Biotech Membranes
Coatings
Enhance Slip / Reduce Fiction
Drug Release
Antibacterial
Catalytic Surfaces
Prevent Corrosion
contact
info@appliedmembranetech.com
(952) 933-5121
Applied Membrane Technology, Inc.,

11558 Encore Circle,

Minnetonka, MN. 55343
Contact Us
© 
Applied Membrane Technology, Inc.
 2018. All Rights Reserved.