arrows
arrow-right
arrow-left
menu
search
rss
youtube
linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
arrow-play
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By continuing to browse our
        site without changing your settings, you are agreeing to accept all cookies on the site.
    
Continue 
Privacy Policy
SEARCH
Government Offerings
National Security
Aerospace Systems
Avionics Modernization
Counter-UAS Technologies
Missile Defense Systems & Support
Anti-icing Technology
CBRNE Defense
Chemical Demilitarization
Forensic Genomics
High Hazards RDT&E
Threat Assessment
Threat Detection & Identification
Mission Support Services
Medical Surveillance, Diagnostics & Intervention
Cyber
Cybersecurity Services
Intelligence Analytics
Mission-Focused Tools
Supply Chain Assurance
Tactical Systems & Vehicles
Armored & Unarmored Commercial Vehicles
Autonomy & Advanced Robotics
Tactical Equipment
Maritime Systems & Technologies
Energy & Persistence
Lifecycle Engineering
Sensors
Submersibles
Autonomy & Operator Assistance
SeeByte
Homeland Security & Public Safety
Security & Law Enforcement
Forensic Genomics
Transportation
Aviation Security
Transportation Solutions
Energy & Environment
Energy
Coatings & Materials
Data Analytics
Environmental & Analytical Services
Performance Technologies & Sensors
Pipeline Integrity
Subsurface Resource Management
Environment
Air Quality
Analytical Chemistry
Contaminated Sites
Ecology
Environmental Health
Environmental Informatics
Marine & Coastal Services
Sediment Management 
Health
Medical Devices
Device Security
Drug Delivery
Human Centric Design
In Vitro Diagnostics
Neurotechnology
Preclinical Research
Assay Development & Validation
High Hazard & Biocontainment Toxicology
IND-Enabling Toxicology & Pharmacology
Public Health
Health Analytics
Military Health
On-Site Lab Management
Battelle Public Health Center for Substance Use Research
Commercial Offerings
Agribusiness
Bioformulation
Biotechnology
Conventional Formulation
Environmental Fate
Physical Chemistry Studies
Plant & Animal Metabolism
Quality Assurance
Residue Studies
Risk Assessment & Regulatory Support
Spray Drift & Droplet Size Characterization
Oil & Gas
Coatings & Materials
Data Analytics
Environmental & Analytical Services
Performance Technologies & Sensors
Pipeline Integrity
Subsurface Resource Management
SeeByte
Health
Hospital Services
Health Analytics
Medical Devices
Human Centric Design
Device Security
Drug Delivery
In Vitro Diagnostics
Neurotechnology
Preclinical Research
Assay Development & Validation
IND-Enabling Toxicology & Pharmacology
Industry Solutions
Advanced Materials
Bioidentification System: Battelle REBS™ 
Food & Beverage Threat Assessment
Industrial Robotic Software: Battelle PathPlan™ 
Manufacturing
Mass Spectrometry & Advanced Analytical Methods
Packaging & Processing
 Product Formulation Analysis
Regulatory Support for Tobacco Products
Weld Analysis Software: Battelle Verity®
Lab Management
About Us
Careers
Contract Vehicles
Doing Business with Us
Newsroom
STEM
Contact Us
Simultaneous Excellence

Managing national laboratories to deliver scientific discovery, inspire innovation and solve what matters most.
                                
Brookhaven National Lab
Idaho National Lab
Lawrence Livermore National Lab
National Biodefense Analysis & Countermeasures Center
National Renewable Energy Lab
Oak Ridge National Lab
Pacific Northwest National Lab
Laboratory Management

Battelle has a substantial management role at seven national laboratories: six for the U.S. Department of Energy and one for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. These national laboratories deliver unmatched capabilities that drive scientific discovery, inspire innovation and solve what matters most.


As a contract manager of National Laboratories under the Government-Owned Contractor-Operated (GOCO) governance model, Battelle emphasizes the value and relevance of these laboratories. We’re successful in our role of lab management because we apply the Battelle philosophy of Simultaneous Excellence™. We deliver excellence in science and technology for our lab clients, we focus on the management and operations of the labs from a business perspective and we serve the communities as envisioned by Gordon Battelle.
Learn more about these labs:
Brookhaven National Laboratory
BNL
 advances fundamental research in nuclear and particle physics, applies photon sciences and nanomaterials research to energy challenges and performs cross-disciplinary research on climate change, sustainable energy and Earth’s ecosystems. BNL is managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, LLC (Battelle and The Research Foundation of SUNY on behalf of the State University of New York at Stony Brook are the LLC member companies).
Idaho National Laboratory
INL
 is the nation’s lead laboratory for nuclear energy research, development, demonstration and deployment. The lab is charged with providing the nation with energy security with safe, competitive and sustainable energy systems and unique national and homeland security capabilities. INL is managed by Battelle Energy Alliance, LLC (Battelle is the LLC member company, with BWXT, AECOM and EPRI as integrated subcontractors).
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
LLNL
 has a mission of strengthening the nation's security by enhancing the nation's defense, reducing the global threat from terrorism and weapons of mass destruction, and responding with vision, quality, integrity and technical excellence to scientific issues of national importance. LLNL is managed by Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC (Bechtel National, University of California, BWXT and AECOM are the LLC member companies; Battelle is an integrated subcontractor).
Los Alamos National Laboratory
LANL
 executes work for multiple government agencies including the Department of Energy, Department of Defense and Department of Homeland Security. As a result, LANL’s strategy reflects U.S. priorities spanning nuclear security, intelligence, defense, emergency response, nonproliferation, counterterrorism, energy security, emerging threats and environmental management. LANL is managed by Triad National Security, LLC (Battelle, The Texas A&M University System and the University of California are the LLC member companies.)
National Biodefense Analysis & Countermeasures Center
NBACC
 conducts bioforensic analysis of evidence from a bio-crime or terrorist attack and provides scientific data for law enforcement attribution investigations. The lab also conducts studies and laboratory experiments to fill in information gaps to better understand current and future biological threats. NBACC is managed by Battelle National Biodefense Institute, LLC (Battelle is the LLC member company).
National Renewable Energy Laboratory 
NREL
 advances the science and engineering of energy efficiency, sustainable transportation, and renewable power technologies and provides the knowledge to integrate and optimize energy systems. NREL is managed by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC (Battelle and MRIGlobal are the LLC member companies).
Oak Ridge National Laboratory 
ORNL
 is the largest U.S. Department of Energy science and energy laboratory, conducting basic and applied research to deliver transformative solutions to compelling problems in energy and security through four major focus areas, including neutrons, computing, materials and nuclear. ORNL is managed by UT-Battelle, LLC (Battelle and the University of Tennessee are the LLC member companies).
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory 
PNNL
 advances the frontiers of science and engineering by making fundamental scientific discoveries that illuminate the mysteries of our planet and the universe. The lab applies its scientific expertise to tackle some of the most challenging problems in energy, the environment and national security. PNNL is managed by Battelle. 
CONTACT US
Email Us
Phone: 1.800.201.2011
Events
ABOUT BATTELLE
Careers
Leadership
Our Vision, Mission & Values
NEWSROOM
Inside Battelle Blog
In the News
Press Releases
FOLLOW US
Battelle and its logos are registered trademarks of Battelle Memorial Institute.

© Battelle Memorial Institute 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Disclosures
Terms of Use
Sitemap
RSS Feed