Bayer Global
Media
Investors
Career
Contact us
Deutsch
Menu
Contact
Deutsch
Share
Search
Home
Stories
Blogs
Media Channel
Crop Compendium
Crop Science
Shaping the Future of Agriculture
Bayer’s Crop Science division is the third largest innovative agricultural input company in the world and has businesses in high-value seeds, crop protection and non-agricultural pest control.
Learn more
Today for Tomorrow
Providing humanity with sufficient nutritious food is a Herculean task that can only be achieved through a joint effort. Our initiatives seek to make a positive contribution toward meeting that challenge.
Learn more
Products & Innovation
We offer a broad portfolio of products to our customers and provide extensive customer service for modern and sustainable agriculture. Find our most known Crop Science brands in our product list.
Learn more
Facts & Figures
Management
Agricultural Education
BeeCare Program
Food Chain Partnership
ForwardFarming
Integrated Weed Management
Research
Grants4Targets
Products
Key Crops
Brands
Transparency Initiative
Share
Search
Search
close
Liam Condon

                  An Important Day for
 the Future of Agriculture
                
Cover Crops for Sustainable Farming

                  Farming’s

Strategic Cover 
                
Support for Smallholders in Africa

                  Better Harvests

and More Income by 

Text Messaging
                
Cultivation and Consumer Trends

                  Coffee: A Beloved
 Beverage Worldwide
                
Beer – Hopping to It

                  A Drink with

Distinctive Taste
                
Making Arable Land More Resilient: Emphasis Soil

                  Integrating Crop
 Production and
 Biodiversity
                
Farming in Paraguay

                  Family Business
 Connects High-Tech
 and Sustainability
                
Farm Meets Table
Food and Agriculture
People and Markets
Challenges and Commitment
Science and Innovation
Systems and Solutions

Magical. Mystical. Successful      

The Tomato success story in Greece      
Join our Detective Goodnose on his adventure to sunny Crete and find out how a big threat to the tomato growers has been successfully addressed.
Adrian Percy
Adrian Percy

Women in Agriculture: Tapping into Our Full Potential      

Food Trends      

Healthy Snacks on the Go      
Even with busy schedules, many consumers prefer healthy food on the go. To fulfill their wishes, food producers are increasingly offering packaged vegetable snacks. To achieve this, high-quality products are required along the food chain.

Bayer to Acquire Monsanto      

Advancing Together      
Bayer and Monsanto to Create a Global Leader in Agriculture

Efficient Water Management in Agriculture      

Making Every
Drop Count      
Water is one of the world’s most valuable resources, but it is becoming increasingly scarce. Farmers and scientists are counteracting this issue by applying methods to use water more efficiently in agriculture.
Clemens Delatrée
Clemens Delatrée

Farming’s Future      

Get the App for free      
The Farming’s Future App presents solutions for a better life through sustainable agriculture in a user-friendly format.

Klaus Kirsch      

Learning on a Living, Breathing Farm      
ForwardFarms provide generations young and old with a tangible place to learn about farming and innovations in sustainable agriculture.

Panama Disease Threatens Banana Existence      

The Great Danger Returns      
A non-treatable disease spreading globally, Panama Disease endangers banana farms. Experts explain the actions needed to secure the supply of this beloved fruit.

Partnering for Pollinator Health      
Our BEENOW magazine features exciting projects, showcasing the many areas in which Bayer is working in collaboration with researchers, farmers, beekeepers and industry partners around the world, to improve the health of bees and other pollinators.

Global Coffee Farming      

Keeping the Fields Alive      
In Brazil and Vietnam – the world’s leading coffee­ pro­ducing countries – farmers face un­pre­cedented challenges. Through dedication, and willingness to learn, they can still succeed.
Dr. Kristian Möller
Dr. Kristian Möller

Increasing Transparency      

Dana Sargent      

Better Today, Better Tomorrow      
“Every chemical in the world can be harmful depending on the level of exposure. As a toxicologist, I want to make sure products are safe for all.”

Bayer Open Innovation Portal      

Let’s Bring Great Ideas to Life      
Share our passion for new paths in life sciences. Visit our Bayer Open Innovation Portal.

Adrian Percy      

Demystifying Science – Seeing is Believing      
Informing consumers about our research is crucial. At Bayer we plan to provide public access to safety-relevant crop protection study information to create transparency.
Pekka Pesonen

        Europe must be able to fulfill its role as the world’s breadbasket well into the future.
Pekka Pesonen

Meeting Challenges with Innovations      

The Bigger Picture      

Champions of Soy      
THE BIGGER PICTURE is a unique interactive photo- and video-based experience. This time, we have visited Brazilian soy farmers on their fields.

Digital Farming      

Bit by Bit      
Scientific and technological advances are opening up new possibilities for farmers around the world. The networked digital farm of the future is already making agriculture more efficient and sustainable today.

Brazil’s IMPF Program      

Looking at the Forests and the Trees      
A program known as Intensively Managed ­Plantation Forestry demonstrates that when ­science and commerce unite, the environment can also benefit.

More Transparency in Crop Protection      

Building Trust in Science      
When you have questions about the safety behind a crop protection product, where can you get information? In this case, directly from the source - Bayer has granted access to scientific data and studies required in the evaluation of crop protection product.
Birgitt Walz-Tylla

        Without biological diversity we cannot survive.
Birgitt Walz-Tylla

Preserving Biodiversity
 in Agriculture      

Unearthing Underground Crops      

Back to the Roots      
Yields for underground crops remain a mystery until harvest, along with the pests and diseases that could lurk just under the surface. The challenge of caring for these crops is tremendous – and much is at stake in cultivating these prized plants that mean nutrition and sustenance for millions.
This browser does not support the video element.

Farming in Extreme Locations      

Missions Possible      
Agriculture can exist in locations and environments you’ve never imagined. Of course, there is another question: How is this possible?

Pollinator Research and Bee Safety Studies      

From Sunflowers
to Bean Fields      
Working with partners around the world, Bayer conducts large-scale field studies to for instance find out which bee species visit bean crops in Columbia or vineyards in Chile. Furthermore, Bayer supports pollinator safety studies such as those in Spain and Germany.
Dr. Kristian Möller
Dr. Kristian Möller

Increasing Transparency      

Solutions for Smallholder Rice Farmers      

Cultivating
White Gold      
Vietnamese rice farmers are under stress. Whether caused by pests and diseases or weather-related calamities which threaten their livelihood, farmers are finding new ways to cope. Their overall strategy: a more holistic approach.

Vegetable Farmers in Australia      

“A Twelve-Months
A Year Business”      
Farms located along the Australian East Coast are famous for their high quality vegetable produce. By applying clever farming strategies, many Australian vegetable farmers perform a year-round business.

Nutrition and Food Security      

Food Trends and
Global Hunger      
Soursop fruit, seaweed and insects are increasingly popping up on menus in industrialized nations. While eating habits are changing across the world, there are still regions where there simply isn’t enough food to go around.

Unearthing Underground Crops      

Back to the Roots      
Yields for underground crops remain a mystery until harvest, along with the pests and diseases that could lurk just under the surface. The challenge of caring for these crops is tremendous – and much is at stake in cultivating these prized plants that mean nutrition and sustenance for millions.
Clemens Delatrée
Clemens Delatrée

Smartening up Tomorrow’s Agriculture      

Digital Farming      

Bit by Bit      
Scientific and technological advances are opening up new possibilities for farmers around the world. The networked digital farm of the future is already making agriculture more efficient and sustainable today.

Next Generation on the Move      

Young Farmers
are the Future      
Young farmers across the globe have taken up the challenge of continuing their family agribusiness. To be successful, this generation also applies clever strategies to counter misconceptions, generate society’s trust and stay connected.

Sarah Hovinga      

Working in Ag Is Boring? No Way!      
“If you would've asked the 16 year-old Sarah what I wanted to be doing for a career as an adult, agriculture wouldn't have even popped into my mind.”
Pekka Pesonen

        Europe must be able to fulfill its role as the world’s breadbasket well into the future.
Pekka Pesonen

Meeting Challenges with Innovations      

Bernd Naaf and Remy Courbon      

Bayer ForwardFarming Expands to Italy      
The Azienda Agricola Moranda, located near Verona in Italy, demonstrates how sustainable agriculture innovation impacts the viticulture industry.

Jeff Schell Scholarship for Agricultural Science      

Supporting the
Next Generation      
Innovative ideas from the minds of talented up-and-coming scientists can revolutionize the future of farming. Therefore, the Jeff Schell Scholarship supports students like Anna Zimmermann, who studied the molecular interactions of photosynthesis in Portugal.
Adrian Percy
Adrian Percy

Accelerating Collaboration      

A Success Story of Detective Goodnose      

The Canola Case      
Detective Goodnose has been sent over to Canada by a client to investigate the success story of our local Bayer Canola teams. Luckily, he was greeted warmly and able to glean insights through interviews rather than having to use his forensic tools!
Birgitt Walz-Tylla

        Without biological diversity we cannot survive.
Birgitt Walz-Tylla

Preserving Biodiversity
 in Agriculture      

Diana Caspers      

Working on Water Quality and Scarcity      
How can we help growers save water? How can we help them protect both surface and ground water supplies?

Pollinator Research and Bee Safety Studies      

From Sunflowers
to Bean Fields      
Working with partners around the world, Bayer conducts large-scale field studies to for instance find out which bee species visit bean crops in Columbia or vineyards in Chile. Furthermore, Bayer supports pollinator safety studies such as those in Spain and Germany.

Martin Gruss      

Supporting Seed Treatment Industry with Equipment and Expertise      
“How do you get the most out of our products? By using them the right way! That’s why we’re making plant protection products and the equipment to apply them.”

Adrian Percy      
“We recognize that innovation isn’t just one person in a lab creating a solution. Partnerships and collaborations are just some of the ways new innovations will come to our fast-paced world.”

Efficient Water Management in Agriculture      

Making Every
Drop Count      
Water is one of the world’s most valuable resources, but it is becoming increasingly scarce. Farmers and scientists are counteracting this issue by applying methods to use water more efficiently in agriculture.
Clemens Delatrée
Clemens Delatrée

Smartening up Tomorrow’s Agriculture      

High Tech Helpers for Tomorrow’s Agriculture      

Precision Farming is the Future      
Digital farming practices increase the planning security, efficiency and productivity of farms via precision applications. The market is developing rapidly: Soon, brand new agritech models could offer major benefits to crops, farmers – and even consumers.
Pekka Pesonen

        Europe must be able to fulfill its role as the world’s breadbasket well into the future.
Pekka Pesonen

Meeting Challenges with Innovations      

Digital Farming      

Bit by Bit      
Scientific and technological advances are opening up new possibilities for farmers around the world. The networked digital farm of the future is already making agriculture more efficient and sustainable today.

New Ideas for Improved Safety on the Fields      

On the Safe Side      
Bayer’s business division Crop Science is working on new ways of making the application of crop protection products even safer, in order to minimize risks and optimize impact.

Citrus Greening Disease      

A World without
Orange Juice?      
Citrus growers in the US have their back against the wall: A disease called Citrus Greening is threating the existence of the whole industry. Effective solutions require a joint approach.

Digital Farming      

Bit by Bit      
Scientific and technological advances are opening up new possibilities for farmers around the world. The networked digital farm of the future is already making agriculture more efficient and sustainable today.

Fresh Oranges, Daily      

The Logistics
of Fresh Fruit      
Food Logistics – how produce moves from farm to consumer – is not well-known by the public. These behind-the-scenes steps are vital to ensure quality, safety, and traceability in a global food supply – notably in the case of world-popular oranges.

High Tech Helpers for Tomorrow’s Agriculture      

Precision Farming is the Future      
Digital farming practices increase the planning security, efficiency and productivity of farms via precision applications. The market is developing rapidly: Soon, brand new agritech models could offer major benefits to crops, farmers – and even consumers.

Automated Agricultural Helpers      

Ripe for Robots      
Agriculture must become more efficient: Robots and autonomous supertractors are one important solution.

From the Cities and into the Skies      

The Rise of the
Vertical Farm      
As urban populations grow and arable land declines, vertical farming is providing a local approach for sustainably grown fresh produce.
Media Channel
Sustainable Agriculture Practices at Harborview Farms – ForwardFarming
2:39 min
Annie Dee, President of Dee River Ranch in Alabama, shares how she uses agriculture innovations to keep her farm sustainable
1:49 min
Students at the Technical University Munich-Weihenstephan speak about the complex science and steps behind the brewing process.
3:40 min
Young student brewers at the Technical University of Munich-Weihenstephan explain what makes their study program unique.
2:46 min
Bachelor student Caroline Falterbaum reveals with which of her beer creations she recently won a beer innovation competition.
1:52 min
IoF 2020 Partner Perspectives
1:54 min
Empowering Smallholder Farmers in Africa
2:24 min
Indian Smallholder Farmer Pappu Singh Shares His Story
1:01 min
Smallholder Farmers in Africa, India and the Philippines Share Challenges
2:21 min
How to Empower Smallholder Farmers: The Smallholder Effect
 1:24 min
Video of Pappu Singh
2:19 min
Young farmer Annemarie Ruser outlines how precision agriculture is used on her family farm in Paraguay
1:14 min
The Paraguayan brothers Alberto and Rodolfo Lovera explain how they practice sustainable agriculture on their family farm
1:08 min
Bayer: Transparency Initiative - Access to Crop Protection Safety Data
1:09 min
The Apple Way of Life
2:00 min
Apple Recipe
1:41 min
Detective Goodnose – The Tomato Success Story
4:35 min
Australian farmers about the availability of water
2:16 min
Precious Water
1:58 min
Drip Irrigation on Daniel Cervallos' farm, Mexican farmer
2:24 min
The Benefits of Seeing Sustainable Farming in Practice
1:03 min
From a biological standpoint: Gert Kema, Professor at Wageningen University, explains how the Panama Disease infests banana crops
2:27 min
Panama Disease – a serious threat for bananas worldwide
2:47 min
Interview with Allison Kopf
1:49 min
Youth Ag-Summit 2017 Recap
1:44 min
Interview with Marcus Holtkötter
3:44 min
Future of Farming Dialog 2017
2:01 min
Bayer Forestry Plus
1:46 min
Chocolate or tomatoes? What would you choose?
1:48 min
What is your favorite tomato recipe?
2:27 min
The perfect tomato. How does it look like for you?
1:45 min
The Tomato Song
0:21 min
Tomatoes – more than just red berries
2:04 min
Bayer Celebrates National Ag Day in Washington, D.C.
4:01 min
Introducing FarmBot Genesis
5:42 min
Drip by Drip
5:03 min
Prof. Dr. Manuela Zude and Stefan Regen about precision farming on the field and in the laboratories
3:29 min
Dr. Jörn Selbeck discusses the use of the “copter” in agriculture
3:00 min
Pollen transfer is the spark that starts the crop production engine
2:39 min
Ensuring Bee Safety in Sunflower Fields
1:28 min
The Green Heart - A Day in the Life of Dutch Farmer Jasper Roubos
3:48 min
CropWorld 2016
2:15 min
2017 Youth Ag-Summit Launch at Future Farming Dialog
2:42 min
The Canadian Success Story: Detective Goodnose Investigates the Canola Case
6:07 min
How German farmers make use of digitalization
4:00 min
Volkmar Keuter speaks about his vertical farming project in Oberhausen – located in the heart of Germany's Ruhr area.
1:31 min
Why do bloggers have so much influence? Interview with blogger Katie Pinke
2:58 min
Sky Greens – a vertical farm in Singapore
2:05 min
agrilution – a vertical farming company in Germany
3:33 min
Clemens Delatrée explains which benefits and challenges Digital Farming incorporates for farmers
3:26 min
Salt – the New Danger Facing Rice Growers
1:49 min
Inauguration of Herbicide Innovation Partnership
2:25 min
Australian vegetable farmers speak about Economy of Scale
4:05 min
Visiting the Rugby Farm, Queensland, Australia
1:18 min
Visiting the Koala Farm in Gatton, Queensland, Australia
1:46 min
Visiting the Gazzola Farm, Victoria, Australia
1:31 min
Research collaboration to jointly discover next-generation weed control solutions
1:56 min
Postdocs at work
1:59 min
How nematodes damage plants.
1:22 min
Nihat Yildirim explains how roundworms damage his plants
2:37 min
Portrait of the Merced Farm in New South Wales, Australia
2:33 min
How Bayer is implementing a global IWM program
30:58 min
Kate Davidson discusses her fascination with working in agriculture
1:16 min
A portrait of farmer Kate Davidson’s farming operations
1:28 min
Diversity in Weed Management / Expert Statements at the Weed Resistance Global Symposium, Paris 2015
1:53 min
Weed Resistance - Insights from farmers around the world
24:07 min
Bayer ForwardFarming – Demonstrating Sustainable Agriculture in Practice
1:50 min
Biodiversity on Bayer ForwardFarm Azienda Agricola Moranda
0:50 min
Bayer ForwardFarming with the Capurso Family – Generations of Growth
0:50 min
Bee Care and Biodiversity Best Practices on Bayer ForwardFarms
1:30 min
Digital Farming – Understanding IoT in the context of IoF on a Bayer ForwardFarm
2:13 min
Our Food Chain Partnership with METRO
1:58 min
BayerForward Farming – Welcome to Azienda Agricola Moranda
3:54 min
One Day at Het Groene Hart ForwardFarm
5:29 min
Fostering Sustainable Agriculture at Het Groene Hart ForwardFarm
0:33 min
The Passion for Farming
0:55 min
Technology Supports Sustainable Farming
0:27 min
One Day at Het Groene Hart ForwardFarm
1:10 min
How does the Phytobac System work?
0:32 min
Bayer ForwardFarming Interview: Marc Sneyders
1:33 min
Bayer ForwardFarming Interview: Dirk Baets
1:52 min
The winner of YouFarm video contest - A modern family farm
2:58 min
Feeding a hungry planet - Youth AG Summit 2015
2:06 min
Youth AG Summit 2015 - My 3 Little Things - Statement from Laura Checa
1:37 min
Youth AG Summit 2015 - My 3 Little Things - Statement from Edward Silva
1:37 min
The Youth AG Summit 2015 - My 3 Little Things - Statement from Hu Pu
1:32 min
See what best practices in weed control mean in action
5:02 min
See why controlling weeds is a global challenge
2:26 min
Find out more about weed resistance in corn and the recommended actions
5:06 min
Stronger action on weed control - Bayer's IWM approach
1:36 min
Introduction to the Weed Resistance Competence Center
0:50 min
YouFarm 2015 - Best Of
2:08 min
How Bayer promotes best weed management practices in France
2:20 min
The Determination of Target Site Resistance
1:02 min
Types of Weed Resistance
2:19 min
The Development of Weed Resistance
1:17 min
Australian farmers about the availability of water
2:16 min
Young Farmers - Interview with Marcos Montans, Farmer in Paraná, Brazil
2:07 min
Australian Farmers about Innovation
2:41 min
Australian Farmers about Diversity
2:36 min
Crop Protections Trials in Niedersulz
2:29 min
Why Crop Protection?
1:35 min
Young Farmers - Interview with Bevan Clarke, Farmer in Queensland, Australia
0:48 min
Young Farmers - Interview with Corbin Schuster, Farmer in South Australia
0:46 min
Young Farmers - Interview with Sam Trethewey, Farmer in Queensland, Australia
1:13 min
Young Farmers - Interview with Marc Douglas, Farmer in Illinois, USA
0:56 min
Researchers, inventors and farmers are joining hands to counteract herbicide resistance.
2:42 min
Determination of Metabolic Resistance
0:46 min
The Blackgrass Research Center
2:25 min
The Determination of Resistance
1:52 min
How healing harvest relieves pain
2:06 min
Bayer SeedGrowth in the United Kingdom
8:47 min
Bayer SeedGrowth Coatings: A guided tour
5:49 min
100 Years of Innovation
2:51 min
The historic restoration of Pinehurst No. 2
3:35 min
Bees and Farmers - Working Together
1:55 min
Interview with Roberto Rodrigues, former Minister of Agriculture in Brazil on agriculture
2:05 min
easyFlow - The new Filling and cleaning system from Bayer and agrotop
2:35 min
easyFlow - Protecting the user and the environment from unintentional pollution
2:43 min
Interview with Vinicius Formighieri Lazarini, Farmer in Paraná on Agriculture in Brazil
2:01 min
The North American Bee Care Center Grand Opening
2:01 min
Talk with Regis Santo De Souza, Agrodinamica
1:50 min
Visiting the farm Ribeiro do Ceu, V-Agro
2:30 min
The Cotton Conference Bremen 2014
2:54 min
New ways of protecting crops against insect pests
5:50 min
New Fungicides
1:47 min
Diversity is The Future - Integrated Weed Management Campaign
4:53 min
Confidor® - Guard and Stress Shield protection
6:44 min
Movento® - How it Works
1:00 min
Luna® - Strawberries Spot
0:11 min
Luna® - Grapes Spot
0:12 min
Luna® - Curcubits Spot
0:15 min
Bayer CropScience launches Luna®
4:01 min
Prosaro® - Brand Essence
6:08 min
Bayer Garden - Simple Soluble Sachet Weedkillers
1:30 min
Bayer Garden - 3 hour Weed Killer
1:29 min
xpro® - Mode of Action
2:02 min
xpro® - Contribution to Bixafen
4:19 min
Chilli Peppers – Spicing Things Up
4:42 min
Liriomyza huidobrensis
2:45 min
White Fly, Trialeurodes vaporariorum
3:46 min
Robots in Agriculture
2:03 min
Insidious fungus threatens potato harvests
5:47 min
Frankliniella occidentalis
3:09 min
Prosaro® - Growers Talk Testimonial
7:04 min
The Biological Fungicide Serenade – Mode of Action
2:10 min
Jeremy Jack – Young Farmers Sustainability Award Winner 2013
4:00 min
New method for growing rice
2:50 min
The plant breeders' toolkit
5:28 min
A day at a potato farm
2:14 min
Bayer Researches New Varieties of Wheat
6:00 min
How the Phytobac system works
5:41 min
The fight against potato blight
5:39 min
Leptinotarsa decemlineata, Colorado potato
3:15 min
We care for Bees
2:53 min
Food Chain Partnership at Bayer
3:40 min
Food Chain Partnership in Mexico
3:23 min
The Bayer-Tabela Project
5:02 min
The Bayer Child Care Program in India
4:28 min
LifeNet® - Bayers contribution to fighting back Malaria
5:05 min
LifeNet® - Combating Malaria
1:30 min
The Student lab Baylab plants in Monheim, Germany
2:52 min
The official celebration of Bayer's 150th anniversary
6:00 min
Show more

Live Events
February 25 – 26, 2018
This annual event brings together great minds in the realms of agriculture, technology, policy and sustainability to discuss the challenges and opportunities facing these industries.

Crop Science Blog
Christine Brunel-Ligneau
How to Stay Ahead in Weed Control
Luis Eduardo Aranha
Education and Agriculture Side by Side
Connie Kang
Women in Agriculture Farm for a Better Life
Bob Reiter
How Harvesting Data Leads to Better Harvests on the Farm
Claudia David
Women in Farming, Strong Agriculture
Stefanie Peters
Returning to Her Roots to Shape the Future of Farming
Jenny Maloney
Five Faces of Women in Ag
Sarah Hovinga
Many Roads to Agriculture
Manuel Otero
Innovative Policies for Rural Women
Adrian Percy
Women in Agriculture: Tapping into Our Full Potential
Christine Brunel-Ligneau
Diversity Is the Future!
Diana Caspers
Going Gender-Smart in Africa and Asia for Economic Empowerment of Rural Women
Shannon Hauf
Driving Tractors, Insights and Innovation
Katrina Sasse
The True Champions of Agriculture – Smallholder Women Farmers in Nepal
Sofia Guendel
A Diverse Group of Women, One Goal: Bringing Food to the Table
Letícia Marques
What I’ve Done to Feed a Hungry Planet So Far
Jaqueline M. Applegate
Women + Unprecedented Change = Endless Possibilities
Liam Condon
Nothing Virtual About It: How Digital Tools Are Improving Farmers’ Lives
Becky Langer-Curry
Finding Productivity and Profitability with Sustainable Cover Crop Management
Bob Reiter
Breakthrough Innovation Happens at the Intersection of Scientific Disciplines
Jenny Maloney
Safe Food on Your Plate
Kevin Severns
Maintaining the Confidence of Our Consumers
Theodore Gounongbe
Supporting African Farmers in the Pursuit of Happiness
Christine Brunel-Ligneau
Fighting Weeds for Better Meals
Phil Harris
How Blockchain Technology Can Transform the Food Supply Chain and Deliver True Sustainability
Tomas Zaborowski
Children Are Meant to Learn Not to Work
Santiago Klee
Alliances Are Strengthening the Farm Industry
Show more
Bayer’s biological crop protection product combats bacterial and fungal crop diseases
Young agricultural enthusiasts head to Rome for the UN Committee on Food Security

On World Food Day, eight Youth Ag Summit alumni arrive in Rome, Italy for the 
45th UN CFS / The alumni will take part in a side-event on youth perspectives in agriculture, organized by Bayer, Nuffield International, 4H Kenya, and Climate Smart Agriculture Youth Network / Attendance at the UN CFS is part of the ‘Return to Europe’ week for 2017 
Youth Ag Summit winning project group, Agrikua
Bayer supports farmers with a wide range of integrated agronomic solutions
Social Media Channels
Show more
Follow us on Twitter
Join us on Facebook
Join the conversation
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Follow Us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Pinterest
RSS Feed
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Xing
Folow us on YouTube
Crop Compendium 
The Reference Tool for Major Crops, Pests and Diseases
You can either search directly for particular pests, diseases or weeds, or you can select the particular crop you are interested in.
ForwardFarming 
Mastering the challenges of modern agriculture and society’s expectations
Farming’s Future App 
Available for Apple iPad and Android Tablets
The app features interactive animations, info graphics, video excursions and photo galleries.
Bayer Websites
Select country
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Central America
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Czech Republic
Denmark
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Finland
France
Germany
Guatemala
Honduras
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Korea
Latvia
Marocco
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Norway
Panama
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Saudi-Arabia
Serbia and Montenegro
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sudan
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Thailand
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
USA
West and Central Africa
Contact us
Get in contact
Stay tuned
Subscribe
Publications
Farming’s Future
BEENOW
Follow us on
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Follow Us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Pinterest
RSS Feed
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Xing
Folow us on YouTube
Conditions of Use
Privacy Statement
Imprint
Technical Details
Comment Policy
var enableSmarttag = false;