Home
Berken's Superior Product Lineup
Reclaimed ThermoVoltaic (RTV™)
GeoThermoVoltaic (GTV™)
Investor Information
Contact Information
Imagine if every heat source could generate electricity. The demand for such an application would virtually be limitless. After years of research and development, the Berken Energy team has developed breakthrough technologies that do just that — revolutionizing the energy industry.
Berken Energy manufactures  energy producing solid-state thermoelectric products using patent-pending technologies. These technologies allow us to produce highly reliable and long-lasting thermoelectric generating (TEG) products that establish new lower cost-per-watt benchmarks.
These low-cost and simple-to-manufacture solutions are poised to forever change the way energy is produced from renewable resources, thus reducing our dependency on conventional electricity-producing technologies such as coal, oil and natural gas. 
We are excited to introduce Berken Energy's new thermovoltaic modules.The 
Reclaimed ThermoVoltaic (RTV™) Apparatus
 can utilize any heat source as a feedstock to produce power, while our 
GeoThermoVoltaic (GTV™)
 application couples these modules with geothermal heat sources, opening up a whole new world of low-cost energy generation opportunities. 
The Berken Energy Advantage:
Power generation at 100°C, 1/4 of competitor's requirements
Economic use of raw materials
On-grid applications not having to wait for transmission lines
24 hours a day, 365 days a year FERC Reportable power production
Installed costs lower than conventional and renewables
Zero pollution
Geothermal generation potential in all 50 states!
The coolest technology on the planet is based on heat —

        Thermovoltaics converts heat to electricity, and can be used in manufacturing, geothermal, solar, and other applications where reclaiming heat is feasible.
Third-Party Validation & Pipeline
|
Press Coverage
|
Company Newsletter
Copyright 2008-2018 Berken Energy LLC. All rights reserved.
Website powered by 
The Ash Fox Group
.