Why Gartner
Analysts
Research
Events
Consulting
About
Sign in to search Gartner Research
Current Users
Sign In
New Users
Register
IT Glossary
Gartner IT Glossary
 > Bimodal
Bimodal
Bimodal
 is the practice of managing two separate but coherent styles of work: one focused on predictability; the other on exploration. 
Mode 1
 is optimized for areas that are more predictable and well-understood. It focuses on exploiting what is known, while renovating the legacy environment into a state that is fit for a digital world.
 Mode 2
 is exploratory, experimenting to solve new problems and  optimized for areas of uncertainty. These initiatives often begin with a hypothesis that is tested and adapted during a process involving short iterations, potentially adopting a minimum viable product (MVP)  approach. Both modes are essential to create substantial value and drive significant organizational change, and neither is static. Marrying a more predictable evolution of products and technologies (Mode 1) with the new and innovative (Mode 2) is the essence of an enterprise bimodal capability. Both play an essential role in the 
digital transformation
.
Learn More at these Gartner Events…
For IT operations, the key to thriving in today’s fast-evolving environment is the ability to increase relevance. But traditional paradigms no longer work. How do you deliver business value in this new era? Discover answers at the 
Gartner IT Operations Strategies & Solutions Summit 2017
. 
Click here
.
Gartner Enterprise Architecture & Technology Innovation Summit 2017
 – access the full range of insights critical for architects like you. From best practices in EA to creative ways to identify opportunities presented by disruptive technologies. Register by March 31 and save $325 off the standard registration rate. Learn more – 
click here now
!
Related Research
Scaling Bimodal — Fusing IT With the Business: A Gartner Trend Insight Report

            Scaling bimodal enables organizations to transform their businesses by exploiting technology strategically. We offer research to help CIOs and IT leaders scale a bimodal approach to collaborate with the business, increase speed, agility and innovation; and deliver on digital business.
        
Devise an Effective Cloud Computing Strategy by Answering Five Key Questions

            Cloud computing affects every aspect of IT and the business, so organizations need a high-level bimodal strategy and decision process to manage its impacts. The EA team is in a prime position to lead and coordinate the effort to develop an overarching cloud strategy for the enterprise.
        
Related Webinars
Drive Digital Transformation With Bimodal IT Organization (Presented in Japanese)
Lifting the Fog Surrounding AI and Advanced Analytics in Healthcare

              ON-DEMAND VIDEO FROM GARTNER SYMPOSIUM/ITEXPO 2017 This session will go into a deeper explanation of some of the hyped analytic technologies to help you understand them, their value, and the differentiation between them. It will cover AI, deep neural nets, smart machines, cognitive computing, deep learning giving practical and specific examples of what the value opportunities are for healthcare. It features use case studies from the industry to illustrate this. Later on, it will briefly touch on the people, process and technology changes needed (bimodal) to be successful.
          
Become a Client
Call us now at:
+1 800-213-4848
or
Contact us online
Free Research
Discover what 
12,000 CIOs
 and 
Senior IT leaders
 already know.
Free Access
About Gartner
 |
      
Careers
 |
      
Newsroom
 |
      
Policies
 |
      
Privacy
 |
      
Site Index
 |
      
Gartner Blog Network
 |
      
Contact Gartner
 |
      
Webinars