Products
Smart Waste & Recycling
Telecom Hosting Platform
Download Brochure
Solutions
For Smart Cities
For College & University Campuses
For Retail, Venues & Food Service
Case Studies
Company
About
Blog: Thoughts & News
International
Careers
Contact
CLEAN Log In
Products
Smart Waste & Recycling
Telecom Hosting Platform
Download Brochure
Solutions
For Smart Cities
For College & University Campuses
For Retail, Venues & Food Service
Case Studies
Company
About
Blog: Thoughts & News
International
Careers
Contact
CLEAN Log In
Modernizing Waste Management 

with the #1 World Leading 

Smart Waste & Recycling System
Watch Overview Video 
Always Know When to Collect

& Prevent Unsightly Overflows with

Smart, Connected Waste Bins
Learn About Bigbelly's Smart Waste Bins 
Keeping Campus Clean, Showcasing

Commitment to Sustainability 

& Solving Operational Challenges
Smart waste for college campuses  
Multi-Purpose Platform for

Hosting Small Cell in Plain Sight

Exactly Where the People Are 
Hosting Telecom in the Public Right-of-Way  
Suburban City Community Committed
 to Beautifying Public Spaces 
Achieves 30% Recycling Diversion
 
Read the case study 
Automate Much of the Work Needed 

to Manage the All-Too-Frequent Task 

of Trash and Recycling Collection
Retailers Increase productivity with bigbelly 
University of Florida Works to Reach

its Goal of Zero Waste by 2020 with

Bigbelly's Smart Waste & Recycling 
Replacing Traditional Bins for a Smart System 
Bigbelly provides a public right-of-way platform to deliver smart waste management and host communications infrastructure.
MODERNIZE A CORE CITY SERVICE WITH SMART WASTE & RECYCLING
Bigbelly transforms public space waste management with a cloud-connected system. Stations communicate real-time status to an actionable web-based software. Communities benefit from optimized & streamlined operations, beautified public spaces & reduced carbon footprint.
DEPLOYED IN THE PUBLIC RIGHT-OF-WAY “WHERE THE PEOPLE ARE”
Stations are densely installed across public spaces to capture pedestrian waste & recycling exactly where the people are and keep communities clean. Cities can take advantage of shared space in the smart waste stations to deploy other technologies without adding clutter in dense urban areas.
HIDE SMART APPLICATIONS & INFRASTRUCTURE IN PLAIN SIGHT
Our core infrastructure has a proven form factor and provides a multi-purpose platform capable of hosting smart city technologies and wireless equipment in plain sight and out of the public eye. City-wide deployments enhance the urban experience without negative aesthetic impact.
Communities and solution providers share the challenge of how and where to deploy smart solutions and communications infrastructure in the public right-of-way without additional clutter or negative aesthetic impact.
Enter, Bigbelly
A platform deployed in the public right-of-way that delivers much more than smart waste & recycling. In addition to modernizing a core city service, it is optimal for hosting additional technologies. It is easy to access & can hide technology in plain sight.
Discover the Bigbelly Platform →
Solutions for Cities
Discover how cities transform a core city service and leverage a multi-purpose platform to beautify their public spaces.
Solutions for Cities
Solutions for Campuses
Learn how colleges & universities keep their campus clean, deploy sustainable solutions, and reallocate resources
Solutions for Campuses
Solutions for Retail & Venues
Explore how retailers & venues enhance the customer experience, showcase sustainability, and increase productivity.
Solutions for Retail & Venues
“In cities everywhere we’re deploying waste and recycle management stations though a partner called Bigbelly. As a result, this ends up being a location where we can extend that site to allow other equipment to be deployed right there at that location. Where there’s waste and recycling, there’s densities of people. That also means there’s densities of mobile devices. Within a cabinet like this, we have the ability to provide a fair amount of equipment space so we can load equipment in there and deliver multi-carrier small cell solutions all concealed right on the streetscape.”
RCR Wireless News
“It’s a trash and recycling bin that doubles as your free link to the world, which Louisville officials say is the first innovation of its kind to be deployed in the world. Mayor Greg Fischer joined business leaders and online entrepreneurs to unveil two Big Belly compaction waste units Wednesday that have been converted into solar-powered wireless 4G hot spots. The bins will bring free Internet access to residents, businesses and visitors of the Russell neighborhood in western Louisville at two of TARC’s busiest bus stops along Mark Street at the intersections of 25th and 28th streets.”
USA Today - Courier Journal
“For the first time in the world, we will enable public visitors and tourists to experience this unique hybrid concept, as well as contribute to keeping our destinations clean and “green”. We are proud and pleased behind Bee’ah’s latest Wi-Fi Bin deployment in the Heart of Sharjah, which reflects our commitment to positioning Sharjah as a true tourism and investment destination in the region, as well as a leading destination for “green” initiatives.”
Emirates 24/7
Market Leading

Smart Waste Platform

Deployed in 50+ Countries
Explore the Bigbelly Partner Network →
News & Highlights
``De Blasio Administration Announces $32 Million Neighborhood Rat Reduction Plan``
New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio today announced a city-wide effort to reduce the rat population.  The DeBlasio administration vows to deploy a strategic array of proven solutions to reduce the rodent population living and feeding in NYC, including removing access to the rats’ food sources by deploying the Bigbelly system for total waste containment. |  
Read coverage →
Enabling smart cities with smart wireless infrastructure
“In cities everywhere we’re deploying waste and recycle management stations though a partner called Bigbelly. As a result, this ends up being a location where we can extend that site to allow other equipment to be deployed right there at that location. Where there’s waste and recycling, there’s densities of people. That also means there’s densities of mobile devices. Within a cabinet like this, we have the ability to provide a fair amount of equipment space so we can load equipment in there and deliver multi-carrier small cell solutions all concealed right on the streetscape. |  
Read coverage →
Mayor announces more free Wi-Fi for part of west Louisville neighborhood
[Bigbelly] trash and recycling units in Russell have been transformed into 4G Wi-Fi hot spots units, the first [Bigbelly] 4G hotspot units in the world. And, they are solar powered. “For Louisville to successfully transition to a high-tech and advanced manufacturing economy, everyone in every neighborhood must have access to the Internet,” said Fischer. “Today’s announcement is one step toward getting our entire city wired into the 21st Century economy.” |  
Read coverage →
14 Ways to Improve Community Recycling Rates
There’s a lot to be said about improving municipal recycling efforts. It helps to keep public spaces clean, eradicate pest problems, and provide measurable environmental benefits by waste diversion from landfills. Towns can also reduce tipping costs and other expenses related to waste disposal and increase credits recycling incentive programs. Even towns and cities with small budgets can increase recycling rates. |  
Read coverage →
Ready to Start the Conversation?

Contact Bigbelly Today →
 hbspt.cta.load(437704, '3cb0b491-df46-4be6-b902-9e3e28ebfd7d', {}); 
 hbspt.cta.load(437704, '8e04005a-2b28-4761-aa4b-721a0dbd41ed', {}); 
 hbspt.cta.load(437704, 'd54600cd-ac5b-49cb-996b-acebd11f61b8', {}); 
Multi-Purpose Platform
Bigbelly Smart Waste Platform
Solutions for Smart Cities
Solutions for College Campuses
Solutions for Retail, Venues & Food Service
Company
About & Leadership
International Partner Network
Blog: Thoughts & News
Bigbelly in the Wild Photo Album
Patent Portfolio
Privacy Policy
Get in Touch
Contact
Careers
Customer Resources
CLEAN Management Console
CLEAN Mobile for iOS
CLEAN Mobile for Android
Customer Support
Spare Parts Ordering
Stay in Touch
Bigbelly, Inc.
150 A Street  |  Suite 103


Email: 
info@bigbelly.com
© 2018 - Bigbelly, Inc. All Rights Reserved.