   Quick links
Select
Contact Us
Key Facts
Discovery Pipeline
Download Center
Annual Reports
Company Profiles
Job Opportunities
Press Releases
About Us
Research & Development
 Biopharmaceuticals
Branded Formulations
Financial Results
- Investor Call Invite
- Investor Presentation
 - Chairman's Speech 2017
- Disclosure to Stock Exchange
- Annual Reports
 Annual Report 2018
                        
Downloads
 - Enduring Edge: Biocon's Journey of Endurance
 - Biocon Profile
  - CMD Profile
- Video Gallery
Biocon Malaysia
Biocon Academy
Email:
                        
admissions@bioconacademy.com
Facilities Virtual Tour
Biocon is Asia’s premier biopharmaceutical company that is driven by the vision to make a difference to global healthcare through improved access to high quality, life-saving biotherapeutics by making them affordable for patients across the world. 
 We have evolved from manufacturing pharmaceuticals like statins and immunosuppresants, to discovering, developing and producing biologics in chronic therapies such as diabetes, oncology and immunology for global markets. This has translated into a diversified and differentiated pipeline of fermentation-derived complex generics, biosimilars that include insulins and monoclonal antibodies, and novel biologics.  
 Biocon is among the few companies globally to have received approvals for its biosimilars from developed countries like the U.S., EU, Australia and Japan. Our credibility as a serious player in the biosimilars sector was first established with the Japanese approval for Insulin Glargine. The credibility was enhanced when Biocon, along with partner Mylan, became the first globally to get biosimilar Trastuzumab and Pegfilgrastim approved in the U.S. in 2017 and 2018, respectively. We were also among the first few to receive Insulin Glargine approval in Europe and Australia for Insulin Glargine, both in partnership with Mylan. We have also established our presence in key emerging markets through safe, effective and high quality biosimilars including recombinant human insulin.

				A combination of specialized talent, state-of-the-art research and manufacturing infrastructure and a culture of deep science and regulatory compliance have differentiated us in the marketplace and given us a distinct competitive edge. It has also led to Biocon being recognized as a credible global biopharmaceuticals player.

read more...
Biocon Q2FY19 Performance Highlights by Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, CMD, Biocon
Keynote Address delivered by Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, CMD, Biocon at the GAP Summit 2018
Biocon: Engaged in Affordable

		      Innovation for Global Impact
Stock Update
Company Announcements
December 02, 2018
Biocon Foundation Dedicates Rejuvenated Hebbagodi Lake and Children's Park to the Community
November 30, 2018
Biosimilar Pegfilgrastim Co-Developed by Biocon Receives Approval in EU
October 30, 2018
Biocon Ranked 7th on Top Global Pharma & Biotech Employers List 2018
October 25, 2018
Biocon Q2FY19 Revenue at Rs 1,375 Cr, Up 35%; EBITDA at Rs 394 Cr, Up 69%; Net Profit at Rs 355 Cr; Net Profit (excluding exceptional income) at Rs 184 Cr; Up 167%
October 19, 2018
Biocon and Mylan Announce Positive CHMP Opinion for Ogivri®, Biosimilar Trastuzumab
September 22, 2018
Biocon’s Drug Substance Facility in Bangalore completes U.S. FDA Inspection with No observations
September 21, 2018
Biocon and Mylan Announce Positive CHMP Opinion for Fulphila®, Biosimilar Pegfilgrastim
July 26, 2018
Biocon Q1FY19 Revenue Rs 1,193 Cr, Up 21%; EBITDA Up 25% at Rs 307 Cr; Net Profit Up 47% at Rs 120 Cr 
Media Coverage
  Apr 27, 2018: 
  Biocon Q4 profit rises 2% to Rs130 crore

		   Mar 27, 2018: 

	   Mylan and Biocon Receive Approvals from the European Commission and TGA Australia for Semglee
TM
, Biosimilar Insulin Glargine 
Contact
Contact
Contact
Contact
Biocon
Businesses
Recommended sites
Biocon on
Home

            About Us
Investor Relations
Media Relations
Careers
Site Map
Contact Us
Our Growth Accelerators
Fact Sheet
Branded Formulations
Biopharmaceuticals
Research Services
Active Discovery Program
ABLE
Karnataka Vision Group on BT
Syngene International
Biocon Academy
Report adverse event/side effects and product  complaints
*  Disclaimer
© 2018, Biocon. All Rights Reserved