Home
About 
About BSA
Board of Directors
Steering Committee 
Contributions to Science
Safety 
Science in the Community
news
contact
Advanced Materials Research at the National Synchrotron Light Source (NSLS).
High school STEM students get the inside track on science at BNL.
The Solenoidal Tracker at RHIC (STAR)
Neuroscientist Joanna Fowler addresses students who have been accepted to Stony Brook University.
Directional radiation detection systems for Homeland Security
About Us
The Department of Energy’s (DOE) 
Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL)
 is a significant asset to our country, through its scientific leadership and its economic impact not only on Long Island, but throughout all of New York state and the Northeast. Brookhaven National Laboratory is managed on behalf of DOE by Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA), a partnership between 
Stony Brook University
 and 
Battelle
. BSA also engages six of the world’s premier research universities (Columbia, Cornell, Harvard, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton and Yale) in the governance and oversight of the Laboratory. The combined strengths of these entities make significant contributions to BNL.
continued
Spotlight
Brookhaven Lab Management Contract Awarded to BSA

                                      Battelle/Stony Brook University partnership retains contract it has held since 1998.
News
more news
Video
BSA: Charting a Path to Discovery
View More Videos
Photos
View More Photos
One of ten national laboratories overseen and primarily funded by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), Brookhaven National Laboratory conducts research in the physical, biomedical, and environmental sciences, as well as in energy technologies and national security. Brookhaven Lab also builds and operates major scientific facilities available to university, industry and government researchers. Brookhaven is operated and managed for DOE’s Office of Science by Brookhaven Science Associates, a limited-liability company founded by Stony Brook University, the largest academic user of Laboratory facilities, and Battelle, a nonprofit, applied science and technology organization.