Select country
Close
32
Country websites 
Find your Coloplast website
About Coloplast US
Our company
History
Mission and Values
Corporate Responsibility
Careers at Coloplast
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Services
Press
Contact Us
Connect with a Product Expert
Corporate Information
Mission & Values
History
Corporate Responsibility
People & Organization
Investor Relations
Visit Coloplast.com
Find your Coloplast country website
Select your country
Select your country
Headline
North America
South America
Europe
Africa
Russia
Asia
Australia
Login to your Coloplast HCP area
Login
Don't have a login?
Create profile
Forgot your password?
Remember me
Menu
Search
Login
About us
Select country
 ▾
Login
Search
No suggestions
featured on LIFETIME TV!
Learn More 
Every detail makes it easy.
Order your free samples
A full range of ostomy products
designed to help give you a custom fit!
Order your free samples today!
Living well with an ostomy
Try a free sample of SenSura® Mio
Three different levels of convexity
for a unique fit!
Find your custom fit today!
What if your catheter could 
hide in plain sight?
Learn more about SpeediCath® 
Simplifying Wound Care
Learn more about Biatain Silicone.
The latest techniques and devices
Learn more about our Interventional Urology solutions.
Ostomy
Bladder & Bowel
Wound
Skin
Interventional Urology
Products
Careers
Care
Menu
Making life easier...so you can be you!
Coloplast develops ostomy, continence, interventional urology, wound and skin care products and services that make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs.  
Introducing a new level of innovation
One of the main values at Coloplast is 
closeness…to better understand
.  By building relationships and listening to our consumers we’re able to better understand their needs, and respond by finding new ways to do things better together.
SpeediCath® Flex Coudé Pro
The flexible catheter has a fixed curved tip which can bend to follow the curves of the urethra. The soft bead at the end of the tip guides the catheter for easy insertion and the dry-sleeve can be gripped and handled allowing for hygienic insertion of the catheter without touching the catheter tube.
Request your free samples!
Brava® Protective Seal
The moldable Brava® Protective Seal is designed to help prevent leakage and protect the skin. The protective seal is easy to shape, apply and remove.
Request your free sample
SpeediCath® Compact Set
SpeediCath® Compact Set is a compact all-in-one catheter and bag solution that is instantly ready to use. The innovative award-winning design allows the catheter to be easily kept in your pocket.
Get your free sample
SenSura® Mio Convex
SenSura® Mio Convex has unique integrated flexlines that provide a new level of flexibility and comfort without compromising on security. It also stays discreet under clothing. Its special filter and pouch design enable you to stay confident around others.

Order your free sample today!
Coloplast Product Catalog

Visit our product catalog to sample products for ostomy care, urology and male and female continence care, wound care and skin care.
View products and order free samples
Ostomy Self-Assessment Tools
If you experience ostomy leakage or sore skin around your stoma, try one of our Ostomy Self-Assessment Tools!  We have 3 self-assessment tools designed to help guide you in finding the ostomy solution that is best for you and your body. 

Try our Ostomy Self-Assessment Tools
Traveling with an ostomy?
We understand that traveling with an ostomy can have its challenges but don't let that hold you back!  During times when you travel, you may have to leave your regular routine behind, which means you might need to make some extra preparations to help keep surprises at a minimum so you can enjoy your journey and your stay!
View our travel resources to ensure a worry-free trip!
Learn more about Interventional Urology, Wound and Skin
Mens' Health
Information about Male Stress Urinary Incontinence, Erectile Dysfunction and Testicular Prosthetics.
Learn more
Female Pelvic Help 
Find information about female stress urinary incontinence and pelvic floor repair please click the link below.
Learn more
Skin Care Products
Coloplast is dedicated to creating innovative products focused on caring for and repairing your skin.
Learn more
Wound Care  Products
We offer a wide range of high quality solutions for optimal wound care management.
Learn more
Interested in working with a product specialist?
If you have questions or are confused about what product is best for you, we're here to help!  We have educated product specialists waiting to work one on one with you to help you find the right product.  Fill out the form below and we'll contact you!  You can also contact us directly at 
1-855-745-8544
.
First name:*
Last name:*
Phone number:*
Is this a cell phone or a land line?*
cell phone
land line
Email:*
Address:*
City:*
State:*
Zip Code:*
Who makes the ostomy/continence product that you are currently using?
Please select
Coloplast
Other
I do not use a ostomy or continence product
I would like information regarding*:
Ostomy products
Bladder & Bowel Products
Wound Products
Skin Products
Interventional Urology Products
If you have an ostomy, when was your surgery date?
(DD/MM/YYYY)
:*
Coloplast Confirmation of Consent
Please check the box to acknowledge that you have read and understood 
the Confirmation of Consent
Do you have any questions about Coloplast products?
If you have questions about Coloplast products, please contact us by phone at 
1-855-745-8544
.  
We're here to help!
Understanding urinary tract infections
The basic guide contains helpful advice for catheter users to better understand how to keep their bladder healthy. 
Download the the free UTI Ebook
Start with the basics
At Coloplast we offer a number of tools and services that will help you find the best product for you.  
Whether you are going through an intimate health care condition for the first time or have years of experience, Coloplast is here to offer the products, services and accessories that can help get you back to doing the things you love!
Find the right ostomy pouch & barrier
Our BodyCheck tool will take you through 8 easy steps to understand your body profile, and find the best solution that ensures optimal fit between your body and your pouching system.
Check your body profile
Check out some of our ostomy accessories
Our Brava® range of accessories features products that are designed to reduce leakage and protect the skin. They also help to achieve customized solutions for different body shapes and needs.

View our Brava® products
Find the right bladder & bowel product
There are many different reasons someone may need to pay special attention to managing their bladder and/or bowels. Click the link below for information on bowel and bladder products.
Click here for more information
Join Coloplast® Care!
Our Care programs, designed for people living with an ostomy and people using intermittent catheters, offer straight-forward advice, personalized support and inspiration. Care is available when you need it.  Our dedicated team of advisors and specialists are here to help you live a better life by helping you do more of the things you love, so you can be you!
Enroll today!
We're recruiting!
One of the main values at 
Coloplast is closeness…to better understand
.  By building relationships and listening to our consumers we’re able to better understand their needs, and respond by finding new ways to do things better together.  Our mission is to make life easier for people with intimate healthcare needs so that our consumer can get back to doing the things they love!  If you're looking for a rewarding career helping others, you're in the right place!
Search job opportunities 
Close
Order your free samples
Thank you for your order
Your order is complete!
Like us on Facebook
Meet us on LinkedIn
Watch us on YouTube
About Us
Our Company
Contact Us
Careers at Coloplast
Coloplast News 
Coloplast Care
Ostomy
People with an ostomy
Professional
Ostomy Self Assessment Tools
Ostomy Pouches
Brava® Accessories
Bladder & Bowel
SpeediCath® Flex Coudé Pro
Catheters for women
Catheters for men
Male incontinence
Bowel management
Wound
Solutions
Education
Health economics
Wound care products
Skin
Skin care for Healthcare professionals
Skin care for Consumers
Skin care products
Interventional Urology
Patient  - Female Urology
Patient - Male Urology 
Healthcare Professionals
Interventional Urology Products
Coloplast Corp -    
1601 West River Road North
 -    
Minneapolis
MN
55411
 -   
USA
 T:
1-800-533-0464
Cookie policy
 - 
Terms of Use
 - 
Privacy Policy 
 - 
Confirmation of Consent
 - 
Contact Us
View desktop version