High quality, low cost environmental solutions
 for industry and home
Follow Us!
Confluence Energy
Wood pellet products from Kremmling Colorado
Oil & Gas
Water Filtration
Solidification & Bio-remediation
Spill Control
Lost Circulation Material
Solids Control
Site Reclamation
Industrial & Commercial
Absorbents
Hydromulch
Air/Water Filtration
Reclamation
Erosion Control
Bio-remediation
Agricultural
Agriculture/Viticulture
Golf Course
Home & Pets
Wood Pellets
Hardwood Grilling Pellets
Absorbents
Garden
Pet Bedding
Cat Litter
Products
About Us
About Us
Our Team
Facilities
Careers
Contact
Get a Quote
Confluence Energy
Largest Wood Fiber Manufacturer in the Western United States
Get a Quote
Wood Pellets for Home Heating
EcoPett Cat Litter, a smart and natural choice
Contact Us
Blog
Tips to Help Prepare Your Chicken Coop for Winter
For most, fall is a time to prepare your chicken coop for winter. Maintenance you’ve been putting off should be completed. Things like making sure your water heater is working, predator protection is in place are high priorities.  Of course, fall is a great time to start fresh with your bedding … 
 Read More»
News
TrueChar Biochar Featured in Colorado Biz Magazine
Confluence Energy's Jonah Levine, also industry rep to the International Biochar Initiative, was featured in ColoradoBiz article (ColoradoBiz Biochar Article ) about biochar  and Confluence Energy's TrueChar biochar product. Biochar is a fast-growing, carbon-rich product used as a … 
 Read More»
Testimonials
I just want to tell you, I 
love
 the litter. Fritz has not peed outside of the box since.  He is now a house cat, and I am glad to have this litter.  I would buy your litter all the time, for sure. 
–T.J., Cat Owner Product Testing
EcoSponge is the best product – light but effective. 
— Kent, Drilling Supervisor, Oil & Gas Industry
EcoSponge is a strong product – allowing drying of product, while reducing salts and HC, even before adding bacteria – can take waste to on-site disposal in 90 days (before the pad is released for production).  The Confluence Energy Team is extremely organized.  
— Scott, Drilling Supervisor, Oil & Gas Industry
Besides selling it, we use EcoPett Crumble in-store for our chicks’ bedding. We used to see 16 times the loss in chicks than what we are getting now that we switched to EcoPett Crumble.  When we used straw or shavings, the resulting infections from the chick waste was troubling, and we were cleaning the coops at least 3 times a week.  With EcoPett, we only lose 1%  (as opposed to 17%) and only have to clean once a week.
–Pam, Feed Store Customer
Our Story
It all began with a tiny, little bug. Well, really, it started with lot of tiny, little bugs – mountain pine beetles, to be exact. In 2007, with more than two million acres of trees dead or dying across Colorado and Wyoming, Confluence Energy (CE) founder and CEO Mark Mathis made a trip to the store to buy more pellets for his wood stove only to find the store was sold out. After learning from the store manager that there was a nationwide shortage of wood pellets, he wondered how that could possibly be, “I looked around at all the dead trees. In every catastrophe, there’s an opportunity.” That’s when he began the process of raising the capital and building a wood pellet mill. And, he never looked back. 
continue…
Address
PO Box 1387

1809 Highway 9
Phone
Tel: 970-724-9839

Fax 1-970-724-9905
Contact Form
 | 
Get a Quote
Resources
News
Media
Our Team
Our Facilities
Careers
Site Map
Follow Us!
 ↑ Top of Page