Home
Technology
Products
Head and Neck
Torso
Abdomen
Pelvis
Arms and Hands
Feet and Legs
News
About
Contact

												Welcome											

											Cook Biotech co-op and internship opportunities										

											Apply to Cook Biotech's co-op or internship program and gain real world experience in the medical device industry.										
Read More
											

												Welcome											

											Cook Biotech										

											A visionary leader and partner in discovering, developing, and delivering transformative medical solutions for improving life.										

												Welcome											

											Cook Biotech										

											A visionary leader and partner in the discovery, development, and delivery of transformative medical solutions for improving life.										

					Restoring tissue. Improving life.				
Cook Biotech Inc. is dedicated to providing advanced tissue-repair products for improving patient outcomes globally. Our products are manufactured using proprietary extracellular matrix (ECM) technologies and manufacturing processes. They are derived from porcine small intestinal submucosa (SIS) and other ECM-based biomaterials.
We collaborate with partners and distributors to make our products available under several brand names, including: AxoGuard
®
, Biodesign
®
, DynaMatrix
®
, FISH
™
, HaloShield™, OASIS
®
, and tarSys™
.
Partners and distributors include Aziyo Biologics, AxoGen Inc., Cook Medical Inc., Katena Products Inc., Keystone Dental Inc., Smith & Nephew Inc., and Morris Innovative.
Product applications range across the body, including those for head, neck, torso, abdomen, arms, hands, legs, and feet.
Our products are used to manage multiple types of wounds, including burns, diabetic ulcers, venous ulcers, and trauma wounds. Surgical applications include hernia repair, fistula repair, otologic repair, and soft-tissue reinforcement.
Applications for ECM technology continually evolve. Together with a global network of scientists and medical practitioners, we identify the medical needs most compatible with ECM technology and develop products to meet those needs.
Career opportunities available.

								© Cook Biotech, Inc. 2018							
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Business Practices

								v4.2
							

								765.497.3355							

						NOTE: Any medical device has the potential for complications. Please consult product labels and inserts for indications, contraindications, hazards, warnings, precautions, and instructions for use. Potential complications with use of a biologic graft may include bleeding, infection, abscess, induration, acute or chronic inflammation (initial use of biologic graft materials may be associated with transient, mild, localized inflammation), allergic reaction, visceral adhesions, fistula formation, seroma formation, hematoma, extrusion, recurrence of tissue defect, and delayed or failed incorporation of the device.
					