Cool Terra® for Soil Health
What is Cool Terra®?
How it Works
Where to Buy
Evidence of Efficacy
Innovator Advantage
Industries and Crops
Production Ag
Alfalfa
Lettuce
Potatoes
Strawberry
Tomatoes
Golf Courses
Turf and Landscape
Water
Cool Fauna™ for Animal Nutrition
Purchase Products
Where to Buy
About
Corporate
Management
Board of Directors
Soil Health Advisory
Investors
Associations
Careers
Media
Overview
Blog
News
Press Releases
Logos
Contact
Cool Terra® Biochar-Based 
Soil Health Solution

                                                Featuring Engineered Biocarbon™ Technology                                            

                                                What is Cool Terra®?                                            
A Biochar-Based Engineered Biocarbon™ Technology

                                                Optimize soil health for greater productivity, profitability, and sustainability.                                            

                                                Buy Cool Terra®                                            
Innovating Soil Health Solutions

                                                Discover soil health.  Straight from the ground level.                                            

                                                Stories From The Soil                                            
Biochar-Based Soil Health Solutions
Cool Planet provides biochar-based agricultural products featuring Engineered Biocarbon™ technology that can significantly improve soil health while sequestering carbon. The technology impacts three of the world's largest markets.
Soil Health
Food Security
Sustainability
Stories From the Soil
‘Stories From The Soil’ is a collaborative effort developed by the soil health company, Cool Planet, and Tim Hammerich (the host of the Future of Agriculture podcast) to showcase and advance soil health solutions practiced by expert farmers, land stewards, and researchers. Learn from experts on the realities of soil health. Join the collaborative movement to innovate soil health technologies, increase productivity in the farm and green industry, and improve agricultural sustainability.
Stories From The Soil
>

                /*          
 */
                        			
                            
Cool Planet Completes 100th Independent Trial of Cool Terra®
Cool Planet Completed the 100th Independent Trail of Cool Terra®, the biochar-based soil amendment. The application of Cool Terra® in the crop production trials have shown an improvement in soil health, and resulted in a greater-than-12 average increase in crop yield across a variety of crops and regions!
Learn More!
>
Latest News
November 07, 2018                                
Cool Planet Featured in 'Farming The Countryside' Podcast
Read Article
October 16, 2018                                
Announcing the Finalists for the Colorado Cleantech Awards
Read Article
September 20, 2018                                
Cool Planet, Tim Hammerich launch Stories from the Soil project
Read Article
View all news
>
About
Cool Terra
Cool Fauna
Media
Contact
XML Sitemap
HTML Sitemap

			Cool Planet provides Engineered Biocarbon™ Technology that can significantly improve soil health while sequestering carbon. The technology impacts three of the world's largest markets. We are particularly focused on developing and commercializing our biocarbon engineering technology. With deep materials science and agronomy expertise, by applying modern process and manufacturing discipline, and through extensive soil and crop testing and trialing we are bringing new tools to the burgeoning soil health space. Our mission is to provide growers and producers with tools that improve the health of their soil, their productivity and yields, and the overall sustainability of their lands and operation. The technology impacts three of the world's largest markets.
		
© 2018 
Cool Planet
Call: 303-221-2029
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions