Da Yu Protein Sciences
Home
About Us
Management
Patents
News
Career Opportunities
Expression
Fermentations
Biologics
Preformulation
Protein Stability
Protein Solubility
Characterization
Analytical Characterization
Biophysical Characterization
   CD       Spectroscopy
Derivative Spectroscopy
Functional Characterization
Protein Folding
Contract Research
CMC Consulting
Contact Us
Location
Useful Links
Home
About Us
Protein Expression
Protein Preformulation
Protein Characterization
Protein Folding
Contract Research
CMC Consulting
Contact Us
Da Yu Protein Sciences
Da Yu Protein Sciences is a research-driven biotechnology company developing innovative enabling technologies and services for drug discovery and the bioprocessing industry. Our focus is proteins; either as drug targets or drug entities (Biologics). We provide laboratory solutions for proteins and CMC consulting services for the Biologics industry. Our  clients include nonprofit and for-profit biomedical research and development organizations pursuing drug discovery and development.
Services
Our services are collaborative and consultative in nature. We will customize any of our capabilities to assist our clients to acheive their program's objectives. We support drug discovery for protein targets, CMC Biologics development and the customized implementation of our enabling technologies to support these services. 
Products
Our research and development efforts pursue proprietary technologies that enhance our client's resource utilization to discover and to develop the next generation of therapeutic  molecules. In the area of drug discovery and development, our products are applicable to both the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
Our website provides only a limited view of our protein capabilities. We also work with a network of like-minded organizations supporting Biologics research and development that includes recombinant proteins, monoclonal antibodies and vaccines. For more information on any of our services or products, or if you seek any assistance with the CMC development of Biologics, please 
Contact Us
.
©2012-17 Da Yu Enterprises, LLC. All rights reserved. 
 Privacy Policy
Site Map