Home
About us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Careers
Reports and Certificates
Technology
Wafer-Level Chip Scale Packaging
Fan-Out Wafer Level Packaging
News and Papers
Contact
Transforming Electronic Interconnect
Deca Technologies is an emerging wafer-level interconnect foundry built upon 10X thinking; the philosophy of striving to achieve exponential improvements over typical industry methods. Deca’s unique approach to design, equipment, processes and operational methods delivers our customers a competitive edge with short cycle time and rapid new product introduction.
Learn more
Deca Technologies’ M-Series Technology Wins Device of the Year
The 2018 3DInCites Awards recognize industrywide achievements in the development of heterogeneous integration technologies with categories from Research Institute of the Year to Materials Supplier of the Year. This year, Deca Technologies’ M-Series, a fan-out wafer-level (WLFO) packaging technology, won Device of the Year for its high reliability.
Learn more
Deca's Wafer Level Chip Scale Packaging: It's About Time 
Staying competitive in the WLCSP market is all about time. While your competitors are still waiting for new mask sets to start a product build, Deca’s 10X approach is already rolling your product off its Autoline. 
Learn more
M-Series™: The Future of Fan-Out
Breaking through traditional cost, yield and supply chain barriers, Deca’s M-Series™ molded fan-out technology with Adaptive Patterning™ sets the stage for cost-effective high-density electronic interconnect. From next-generation single-chip packages to future panel level SoCs built from disparate silicon blocks, the unique M-Series structure frees system designers from classic substrate-based methods and the confines of monolithic silicon.

Major Industry Validation for M-Series
Learn more
Mentor adds DECA Technologies to growing Mentor OSAT All...
November 27, 2018
Mentor, a Siemens business, today announced that DECA Technologies has become the latest member of Mentor’s (outsourced assembly and test) OSAT Alliance – a program to help drive faster adoption of new, high-density advanced packaging (HDAP) technologies...
Read more
3D InCites – Transforming the Fan-out Landscape
These days, the first thing that comes to mind when someone mentions fan-out (FO) technology is Apple’s A10 processor built on TSMCs integrated fan-out (InFO)...
Read more
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Contact
All materials © Deca Technologies 2017