Skip to content
Menu
Search for:
About
Leadership
Our Businesses
Global
Social Responsibility
CSR Reports
Responsible Supply Chain
Policies and Approaches
Investor Relations
Events and Presentations
Investor Relations News
Reports
Forms
Corporate Governance
Frequently Asked Questions
Careers
Environment
Environmental Impact
Disney Conservation Fund
Related Downloads
Philanthropy
Charitable Giving
Volunteering
Related Downloads
News
The Walt Disney Company
Recent News
November 8, 2018
November 8, 2018
New Star Wars and Marvel Series Announced for Disney+ Streaming Service
November 5, 2018
November 8, 2018
The Walt Disney Company and Make-A-Wish® Invite Fans to “Share Your E…
The Walt Disney Company and Make-A-Wish® Invite Fans to “Share Your Ears” to Help Grant Wishes
November 2, 2018
Mickey’s 90th Spectacular Honors the Mouse Who Started it All
November 1, 2018
Modern Technology and Traditional Artistry Bring to Life the Worlds of The N…
Modern Technology and Traditional Artistry Bring to Life the Worlds of The Nutcracker and the Four Realms
November 1, 2018
November 1, 2018
Disney Donates $1 Million to Feeding America
About
The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to be one of the world’s leading producers and providers of entertainment and information. Using our portfolio of brands to differentiate our content, services and consumer products, we seek to develop the most creative, innovative and profitable entertainment experiences and related products in the world.
View More
Investor Relations
Our commitment to creativity, technology and innovation generates unparalleled experiences that drive long-term value for our shareholders.
View More
Careers
Explore a variety of opportunities to start a new chapter in your career at Disney.
View More
Environment
At Disney, we are committed to using resources wisely and protecting the planet as we operate and grow our business. We conserve nature and inspire kids and families to join us in caring for our planet.
View More
Philanthropy
Disney is committed to strengthening communities by providing hope, happiness, and comfort to kids and families who need it most.
View More
Follow Us On
YouTube
Twitter
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Children’s Online Privacy Policy
Disney.com Guest Services
Advertise With Us
Contact Us


		©Disney 2018 All Rights Reserved.	