PARTNER PORTAL
>SALES/MARKETING
>Technical Support
PARTNER ENROLLMENT
Schedule a demo
END USERS
Search
Toggle navigation
Home
Company
Events / Webinars
About Egenera and our Xterity Cloud Services Platform
News and Press
Blog
Careers
Products & Solutions
Grow your business with these Cloud Services
Resources
Whitepapers
Datasheets
Case Studies and Use Cases
Support & Services
Support Service Options
Cloud Management Professional Services
Compliance / Certifications
Disappointed with AWS?
No certification or training required. 
 No support costs!
Move Your Data to a Compliant Cloud.
Be Ready for GxP Audits.

											Learn More										
Events / Webinars

											Join us!										
Previous
Next
%
SLA
x
x
Partner Support
$
Lucrative, No Cost
 Partner Program
 with Discounts
0
Global Presence
Tier III Datacenters
+
+
Partners
Worldwide
0
Years of
Experience
IT Solutions For Every Business: Without the Costs, 
 Complexity and Headaches of dealing with mega clouds.
SCHEDULE A DEMO
Public

Cloud
Secure,

Multi-Tenant,

Cloud Environment
Dedicated
 Compute Cloud
Dedicated Compute,

Secure Hosted

Private Cloud
Private

Cloud
Fully Isolated,

Secure Hosted

Private Cloud 
Bare Metal

Servers
Fully Dedicated,

Single Tenant, Completely Customizable
Business
 Continuity Services
Disaster Recovery and
Backup Services
Cloud

Migration Service
Fast, Secure, Automated

On-boarding of 
On-Premise or In-Cloud Servers
GxP Compliant

Cloud
Fully Compliant Cloud

for Companies in Highly-Regulated Industries
What Our Customers Say
Ben Solomon
Managing Director
Octavian
We looked closely at both Azure and Xterity and decided to base our cloud offering on Xterity after considering both ‘hard’ and ‘soft’ factors. First, its drag and drop interface makes it extremely easy to use and we found its performance to be top-notch. We also liked the fact that we could get wholesale, predictable pricing and billing and there was no barrier to entry. 
Andrew Worthington
Manager
iTG Technologies Limited
“I cannot praise the quality of Egenera’s pre- and post sales enough. No problem is too small and there is a genuine feeling that the team is always listening to customer feedback and evolving.  I’ve been in this industry for over 25 years and I know the difference between bad, good and truly excellent support and Egenera’s technical support team is firmly excellent."
Jose Noriega
President and CEO
Gradient Data Solutions
Xterity offered us the cloud services we were looking for with higher margins, a simple to use portal that allowed us to make configuration changes with a few clicks, and a better partnering experience than the bigger players.
Ben Soloman
Managing Director
Octavian
The one thing that completely set Xterity apart from the competition was its partner experience. We get fantastic pre- and post-sales support along with an extremely high level of technical support from experienced cloud engineers that are readily available to us at no extra cost. We would never get that level of support from any of the big players.
Oisin Curran
CEO
Odyssey Validation Consultants
Egenera’s pay as you go model, worldwide footprint and worldwide 24/7/365 support made Xterity the obvious choice for us to base our new GxP offering on.
Joe Kelly
Group Business Change Manager
FitPro
FitPro has realized a cumulative 30% savings year-over-year by using Xterity for cloud services rather than continuing to add, refresh and maintain our internal servers exclusively.
John Nelson
Senior Vice President Operations and Chief Compliance and Security Officer
ScerIS
“Leveraging the Egenera Xterity Cloud allows ScerIS to focus on our core business mission of providing outstanding services and solutions to our clients.  We are helped in that mission by a team of dedicated Egenera professionals with the same customer service passion making it easy to expand services without any worry or sleepless nights.”
What's New
Egenera Announces Compliance to the CISPE Cloud Data Protection Code of Conduct for GDPR
Boxborough, Mass. – February 7, 2018 – Egenera, a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the global IT channel today announced that its Xterity Cloud Services is fully compliant with the Cloud Infrastructure Services Providers Europe (CISPE) Code of Conduct for Data Protection. The company also announced that it has joined CISPE as a member company.
read more
Egenera Teams Up with Brigantia Partners for Xterity Cloud Services Distribution in the UK
Boxborough, Mass. – December 5, 2017 – Egenera, a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the channel today announced that it has signed a strategic partnership with Brigantia Partners, the largest subscription community of independent technology resellers and MSPs in the United Kingdom.
read more
Egenera Launches New Xterity Partner Program Designed for MSPs and Solutions Providers
Boxborough, Mass. – January 9, 2018 – Egenera, a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the channel today announced the launch of the Xterity Partner Program (XPP), a new program designed to empower the company’s fast-growing network of resellers to capitalize on the exploding demand for cloud services in the SMB and mid-market.
read more
Egenera Named ChannelPro SMB Forum’s 2017 Best Cloud Solution
ChannelPro SMB Forum Wraps Up Banner Year in New York-New Jersey Metro Area - Names Egenera as 2017 Best Cloud Solution!
read more
Share this:
Company
About Egenera and our Xterity Cloud Services Platform
Management
Board of Directors
News & Press
Awards and Recognition
Contact Egenera
Careers
Product & Solutions
Grow your business with these Cloud Services
Cloud Suite Software
Compliance / Certifications
Technology Partners
Support & Services
Support for Enterprise Cloud Services
Cloud Management Professional Services
Limited Warranty Support Option
Platinum Level Hardware Support Option
Follow Us
© Copyright 2018 Egenera Inc. All Rights Reserved
Legal
Privacy
Contact