Home
Company
What We Do
Executive Team
Financial Opportunity
Intellectual Properties
SBIR Awards
Enterprises
FC Bioenergy
WoodStraw® Erosion Control
Bighorn® Biomass Balers
Siskin Ridge™ Roundwood
Forest Concepts™ R&D
Technologies
Erosion Control
Biomass Baling
Comminution
Drying
Habitats & Bioenegineering
News & Media
Press Releases
Publications
About Us
Story
History
Credo
Technical solutions to 21st century global challenges
Core competencies in plant biology, agriculture, forestry, natural resources, engineering, and enterprise
Our people craft technical solutions to local and global bioenergy and environmental challenges
Our clients include industry, government, and research institutions
sci•ence
/´sīəns/
Noun
The observation, identification, description, experimental investigation, and theoretical explanation of phenomena.
tech•nol•o•gy
/tek´näləjē/
Noun
The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, esp. in industry. Machinery and equipment developed from such scientific knowledge.
en•gi•neer•ing
/enjə´ni(ə)riNG/
Noun
The application of scientific and mathematical principles to practical ends such as the design, manufacture, and operation of efficient and economical structures, machines, processes, and systems.
transformative research
Research driven by ideas that have the potential to radically change our understanding of an important existing scientific or engineering concept or leading to the creation of a new paradigm or field of science or engineering. Such research is also characterized by its challenge to current understanding or its pathway to new frontiers.
U.S. National Science Foundation
development
Systematic applications of knowledge or understanding directed toward the production of useful materials, devices, and systems or methods, including design, development and improvement of prototypes and new processes to meet specific requirements.
U.S. National Science Foundation
Making the World a Better Place Through Sound Science and Disciplined Design
Engineered wood-strand erosion control materials protect and improve soil and water quality
Biomass baler technologies reduce feedstock collection and handling costs
Low-energy milling of high moisture biomass
High performing biomass feedstocks
And more!
Contact Us
 | 
Site Map
3320 West Valley Highway N., D110 • Auburn, Washington 98001

				Email 
info@forestconcepts.com
Copyright 2013 Forest Concepts, LLC