Home
About
Message From the CEO
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
How We Work
Investors
Biropepimut-S (GL-0817)
GL-2045
Science
Preclinical Compounds
Scientific Publications
Intellectual Property
Founding Scientist
News
Contact Us
Careers
Menu
Gliknik discovers and develops biologic drugs for people with cancer and immune disorders. Gliknik management and its Board of Directors have deep industry expertise with a track record for discovering, developing, and bringing to market drugs and generating successful exits for investors.
Home
You are here:
Home
Although I’ve been a part of a number of successful drug launches at Incyte Corporation, DuPont and Merck, I’ve seen an even larger number of program failures. The 
Gliknik team
 is taking on immense challenges as it seeks to discover and develop drugs for cancers and immune disorders, and I believe they’ve got what it takes to succeed.
– Paul Friedman, M.D., Gliknik Board Member
For me, it’s a matter of pride that important drugs from my labs have made it to the market and are being used so widely in combination therapy for HIV and more recently in Hepatitis C. I’m also proud to be on the 
Board of Gliknik
, which I expect will generate significant new treatment options for people living with autoimmune diseases and cancers. I enjoy sharing what I have learned starting and selling several biotech companies.  
– Raymond Schinazi, Ph.D., D.Sc., Gliknik Board Member
We have taken a bit of a different path than that taken by other companies – and it seems to be working. We are finding and advancing multiple drugs that may help a lot of people with cancers and autoimmune disorders.
– David Block, Gliknik Co-Founder & CEO
I’m passionate about finding better treatment options for cancer patients. Before I co-invented the cancer immunomodulators now licensed to Gliknik, I was one of the inventors of using anti-PD-L1 antibodies for the treatment of cancer. By harnessing the power of the immune system, 
biropepimut-S
, targeted against cancer protein MAGE-A3, is designed as a new approach to cancer. It has a number of built-in features that may make a difference for people living with various cancers, including of the head and neck.
– Scott Strome, M.D., Professor & Chairman Otolaryngology – Head & Neck Surgery, University of Maryland School of Medicine
Previous
Next
1
2
3
4
Biropepimut-S in phase IIb head and neck cancer trial
Biropepimut-S (GL-0817)
 is a highly engineered peptide immunomodulator currently in a 45-site, seven country clinical trial to prevent recurrence of high risk squamous cell cancer of the oral cavity.
Biropepimut-S is targeted against important epitopes within the cancer protein MAGE-A3. MAGE-A3 is expressed in some cases of head and neck cancer, multiple myeloma, lung cancer and many other tumor types. Designed in response to previous challenges with clinical immunomodulator studies, biropepimut-S has a number of advanced features that are not available in any competitive product.
Learn More About Biropepimut-S »
Pfizer Advancing GL-2045 
GL-2045
 is a recombinant Fc fusion protein designed to mimic the effects of the pooled human blood product IVIG in treating autoimmune disease. IVIG sells more than $7 billion annually and is approved for use clinically in numerous autoimmune diseases. Gliknik and Pfizer 
entered into a GL-2045 licensing agreement
 with Pfizer responsible for ongoing clinical development of the compound.
GL-2045 is from a class of compounds invented by Gliknik called stradomers
TM
, which present multiple immunoglobulin Fc simultaneously to Fc receptors and ligands as a means of modulating both Fc receptor-mediated activity and complement-mediated activity to treat autoimmunity.
Learn More About GL-2045 »
Our Approach
At Gliknik, our mission is to discover and develop truly innovative biologics for people living with cancer and immune disorders. Headquartered in downtown Baltimore, Gliknik’s expertise is in modulation of the immune system to fight disease.
Our perseverance and determination to make a difference in the lives of individuals with cancer and autoimmune disease is evidenced by the assembly of a talented team of scientists, augmented by our Board members, scientific advisors and a network of worldwide scientific and medical thought leaders.
Learn More About Our Approach »

						© 2018 Gliknik Inc. All rights reserved. | 
Terms of Use
Gliknik
®
, stradomer™, stradobody™ and the Gliknik logo are registered trademarks of Gliknik Inc.
                        
Website Design & Development, 
Graphic Beans
Scroll to top