HOME
ABOUT US
MANAGEMENT
CONTACT US
About us
GT is developing a new class of highly-engineered structural foams using two-dimensional carbon nanostructures. These patent-pending foams offer transformative strength, stiffness, and toughness for weight-critical applications.
Global leaders from a number of different industries have partnered with GT in order to develop foam-based composites. Initial product launches are aimed for Q1/2017. Companies or researchers who would like to evaluate GT’s materials should contact us for more information.
Previous
Next
1
2
GT manufactures graphene and conducts research at a 9,000 sf facility in the San Francisco Bay area.
Management
Matthew Bishop
CEO
Experienced business development and operations executive with expertise in rapidly growing carbon nanomaterials industry. USMC combat veteran with experience leading high-performing, cross-functional teams.
Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Terry Brookshire
Co-Founder, President
Serial entrepreneur with multiple successful exits: Coventry Group, Group One (Trading) Ltd., Bridgepath/Bullhorn, Inc.  Former Vice-Chairman, Pacific Stock Exchange, led development of state of the art trade execution systems.
Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Wayne Dickinson
Co-Founder, Chief Engineer
Developer of GT’s core technology portfolio. Over fifty years of solving complex problems for NASA, U.S. Navy, Stanford, Bechtel and more. Prolific inventor with over 50 patents.
Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Abhay Thomas, PhD
Director of Graphene Research
Graphene synthesis and applications specialist with direct experience in both top-down and bottom-up production methods. Thorough knowledge of graphene field and understanding of competitive technologies.Received PhD in Mechanical Engineering, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Toshi Matsukawa
Director of Business Development, Asia
Senior Japanese businessman with expertise in international business and sales, negotiations and structuring partnerships. Represents GT interests in Asia.
Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Contact us
Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Phone: +1 (415) 883-7147
Fax: +1 (415) 234-6495
Send us mail
3 + 1 = ?
Please prove that you are human by solving the equation 
*
 © Copyright - Graphene Technologies, Inc.
Linkedin
Twitter
Scroll to top