
				Global Links
			
 Global Home 
 Careers 
 Press 
Product Navigator
 Product Navigator 

					Language
				
 english 
 english (USA) 
 deutsch 
 繁體中文 
 简体中文 
 日本語 
 français 
 español 
 português 
 nederlands 
 italiano 
 pусский 
 한국어 
 türkçe 
Heraeus Group
 Heraeus 
 Heraeus boosts quality in 3D printing of highly conductive copper 
2018/11/07: In additive manufacturing of highly conductive copper components, Heraeus achieves 99.8 percent density and approx. 95 percent conductivity IACS using standard powder bed laser melting machines. 
 Heraeus Precious Appraisal 
November 26th, 2018: 
Will the palladium price slip up on an oil slick?
 © dan talson – stock.adobe.com 
 Achieving miniaturization success – also with micro LEDs 
2018/09/18: As LEDs continue to shrink in size, there is a need for materials that dissipate heat quickly and solutions to ensure the effective electrical connection of micro LEDs. At the International LED professional Symposium 2018, Heraeus shows how this can be achieved.
 Selectively Coated Ribbon for solar cell interconnection 
2018/09/24: Heraeus Photovoltaics and Ulbrich Solar Technologies begin production of industry’s first “plug and play” power-enhancing ribbons for PV interconnection.
 Heraeus builds additional production line for pharmaceutical ingredients used in cancer therapy and solidifies world market leadership 
July 2, 2018: Heraeus is expanding its production capacities for Platinum-based Highly Potent Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (Pt hAPIs). The expansion is Heraeus’ response to increasing global demands for these products in cancer treatment.

			Heraeus – Technology delivered. All around the world. For more than 160 years.
		
Your competitive advantage is our priority. In all our businesses our people combine material expertise with technological know-how. With this professional knowledge, we look into your processes, challenges and markets and develop high quality solutions that strengthen your competitiveness in the long term.
 About Heraeus 
Heraeus, the technology group headquartered in Hanau, Germany, is a leading international family-owned company formed in 1851.
 Our Products and Solutions 
Our portfolio ranges from components to coordinated material systems which are used in a wide variety of industries, including the steel, electronics, chemical, automotive and telecommunications industries.
 Your Career 
Our employer motto “Open Space. For Open Minds.” serves as both our commitment and our challenge to you. Learn more about Heraeus, our current openings and career opportunities.
 Precious Metal Prices and Charts 
to top
Information about cookies on this website
We use cookies on our website for the purposes of functionality, user-friendliness and analysis. You can adjust the 
cookie settings
 yourself.To find out more about cookies, please read our 
 cookie information 
 . More information about the way we use your personal data can be found in our 
 privacy policy 
 .
Accept
Please select an option
Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are required for the website to function correctly. Essential cookies do not identify you individually.
Analysis Cookies
Analysis cookies help Heraeus to understand how people like to use our website, so that we can improve it. All data that is collected about you as a user is summarised and anonymous. Analysis cookies do not identify you individually.
Service Cookies
By accepting service cookies, you as a user can enable Heraeus to work out which information is relevant for you, and which information you find less interesting. By using these cookies, we can tailor information to your needs and display relevant information within and outside of our website.
Save and close
 YouTube 
 Twitter 
 Linkedin 

                		Heraeus
                	
 Facts and Figures 
 Global Business Units 
 History 
 Heraeus in the US 
 Products and Solutions 

                		Careers
                	
 Professionals 
 Graduates 
 Students 

                		News and Press
                	
 Press Newsroom 
 Media Contact 
 E-Mail Service 

					© 2018 Heraeus Holding
				
 Terms & Conditions 
 Imprint 
 Privacy Policy 
 Cookie information 
 Disclaimer 
 Contact 