My Cart
Menu
Account
INSIGHTS
IDEXology Study
Trending Now
Industry News
Community Engagement
Social
Events & Trade Shows
Press Room
Press Kit
IDEXOLOGY
IDEXology
IDEXology Study
Partnership Studies
Meet the Experts
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
Optofluidic Pathway
Fluidics
Microfluidics & Consumables
Imaging & Illumination
Integrated Assemblies & Subsystems
Custom Integration
Custom Quotes
Fluidics Custom Quote
Laser Group Custom Quote
Microfluidics Custom Quote
Optical Systems Lens Quote Request
LITERATURE & TOOLS
Videos & Webinars
Educational Materials
Fittings Primer
Polymer Information
Injectors Troubleshooting Guide
HPLC Center
Chemical Compatibility
Chromatography Forum
Tech Tips
Materials Guide
Microfluidic Definitions & Specs
Pump School
IP (Ingress Protection) Rating
FAQs
Units of Measure
Support Literature Downloads
Brochures & Guides
Catalogs
Journal Articles
Manuals & Instruction
Technical Notes
White Papers
Support Literature Request
Software & Drivers
Resources
Tools & Drawings
Standard Port Drawings
Glossary of Terms
Conversion Tools
MarvelX™ Savings Calculator
SearchLight™
About
About
Our History
IDEX Corporation
Jobs
Quality & Certifications
Environmental Policy
Trademarks
Legal Notices
General Conditions for Use of this Site
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions of Sale
Chemical Compatibility Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Press Kit
CONTACT & SUPPORT
Contact Us
Our Distributors
Technical Support
Product Returns
Support Literature
Resources
Supported Browsers
Cookie Policy
PRODUCTS
Fluidics
Column Hardware
Degassers
Fluidic Connections
Manifolds
Pumps
Sensors
RI Detectors
Valves
Microfluidics & Consumables
Microfluidic Consumables
Precision Flow Cells
Optics
Laser Light Sources
Optical Filters
Optical Systems
You see
innovation
We see
integration
REDUCE RISK BY
PARTNERING
We teamed up with Forbes Insights to see how different industries approach partnerships and the results are eye-opening! Check out the results in the report, "Unlocking Innovation in Your Supply Chain: Five Collaborative Insights for Life Science." 
Read the study.
Advanced
UHPLC Injection
Propel your UHPLC instrument performance to the next level with the newest in IDEX sample injection technology. The Compact Valve boasts faster injection speeds, full pH compatibility, and a smaller footprint. 
Learn more.
Ensure
Integrity
Ensure the integrity of your biological samples with our innovative Biocompatible UHPLC Column Hardware, engineered for bio-inert applications. 
Learn more and download a brochure.
Precision
Degassing
Improve instrument precision and reliability, and easily remove dissolved gases from your fluidic system before they outgas and form problem-causing bubbles. 
Learn more and request a guide.
Advanced
Fluidics
Advance your fluidic systems with our expanded portfolio of MarvelX, offering: easier finger-tight connections to 19,000 psi, reusable up to 200 times, zero dead volume, and are biocompatible. 
Explore MarvelX.
Rapid
Prototypes
Accelerate your time to market with our 3D printed, industry-leading manifold prototypes — from order to delivery in 7 days. 
Learn about our Rapid Response Program.
REAL-TIME
MONITORING
Achieve real-time monitoring with our QuickStart™ modular sensing solutions that give you unparalleled control for system flow and pressure. 
Explore our QuickStart Sensors.
MEET THE
EXPERTS
Meet some of the experts behind our innovation and technologies, leading the way and guiding the world towards a healthier and safer society. 
Read their stories.
Shop
Components
We deliver a complete spectrum of highly engineered optofluidic solutions, and more powerful platforms than ever before. 
Shop now.
Custom
Products
Explore our extensive catalog of customizable products for OEMs or start a conversation with an IDEX Health & Science expert to create a truly custom piece. 
Connect with us.
UPCOMING EVENTS
ASCB
December 9-11, 2018 
 San Diego, CA | Booth: 705
FEATURED TOPIC
Announces Acquisition of Finger Lakes Instrumentation
"The Finger Lakes Instrumentation acquisition fills an important strategic gap and is a fantastic complement to our life science optofluidic portfolio." — Gus Salem, Group President
IDEX Foundation Supports Outdoor Classroom for Rochester Youth
The IDEX Health & Science Rochester Site Coordinator created a proposal and secured funds of $23,800 from the IDEX Foundation to…
IDEX Health & Science Opens New Optics Center of Excellence in Rochester, NY
IDEX Health & Science, LLC today announced the official opening of its new state-of-the-art facility in Rochester, New York that will enable scalable future growth of its optical components, sub-systems, and filters business.
In August 2017 IDEX Health & Science announced its plan to occupy a brand new, 100,000 square-foot leased manufacturing, research, and development facility that would bring together IDEX Health & Science’s Rochester, NY based Semrock and Melles Griot businesses that specialize in optical filters, lenses, shutters, and optical assemblies, as well as the manufacturing operations of its Melles Griot Carlsbad, CA business that specializes in laser light sources and integrated optical systems….
Impurities in Semiconductor Enable Qubits That Emit Photons in IR
An international research team has discovered a way to create qubits that emit photons at wavelengths close to those used…
New Approach to Coherent Extreme-UV Emissions Could Be Used in Spectroscopy, Imaging
A new way to generate extreme-UV emissions using intense laser pulses, discovered by a team at the Institute for Basic…
Cox Named Chairwoman of Rosalind Franklin Institute
Vivienne Cox has been named first chairwoman of the Rosalind Franklin Institute, the U.K. national institute dedicated to bringing about…
Agarwal Group Puts Spin on Photons
The University of Pennsylvania’s (Penn) Agarwal Group, headed by professor Ritesh Agarwal, seeks to understand how light interacts with small-scale…
Rice, Baylor, TFA Collaborate for Drone Air Monitoring
Rice University researchers, in collaboration with Baylor College of Medicine and technology nonprofit Technology For All (TFA), are developing a…
Using Machine Learning to Selectively Optimize Photonic Nanostructures
Using machine learning and computer simulations, the Nano-SIPPE team at Helmholtz-Zentrum Berlin (HZB) has identified the most important patterns of…
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our monthly News Bulletin to discover our most recent innovative solutions and quality products for the life sciences market.
Subscribe
You Have a Vision. We Make it a Reality.
The key to the future is collaboration, and at IDEX Health & Science we put the focus on what matters — the success of your systems. With IDEXology, we solve complex problems and mitigate risk through strategic partnerships.

Learn How We’re Redefining Risk Management
You See Innovation. We See Your Roadmap.
From our extensive experience working with our partners, we’ve evolved a best-practice collaboration path to guide the optimization of your optofluidics solution with expert precision. Your ideas stay safe and protected while we solve complex problems together.

Explore Our Development Process
You See Breakthroughs. We’ll Clear Your Path.
We provide excellent educational information and tools to support our partners. We have detailed and interactive pages to help you access a wide selection of guidelines for your optofluidic needs.

Explore Our Literature & Tools
I am a fluidics
account manager
I am idexology.
My story begins with 25 years of working with customers to understand their needs and get them results fast. When our customers have an urgent change of plans, I keep track of the details and keep everyone on schedule by evaluating the complete situation, being organized, and maintaining open communications throughout the process. I enable win-win scenarios for both IDEX Health & Science and our customers.
Karla Sharkey, Oak Harbor, WA

My story begins with 25 years of working with customers to understand their needs and get them results fast. When our customers have an urgent change of plans, I keep track of the details and keep everyone on schedule by evaluating the complete situation, being organized, and maintaining open communications throughout the process. I enable win-win scenarios for both IDEX Health & Science and our customers.
Karla Sharkey, Oak Harbor, WA

READ MORE STORIES
My story begins with 25 years of working with customers to understand their needs and get them results fast. When our customers have an urgent change of plans, I keep track of the details and keep everyone on schedule by evaluating the complete situation, being organized, and maintaining open communications throughout the process. I enable win-win scenarios for both IDEX Health & Science and our customers.

Karla Sharkey, Oak Harbor, WA
READ MORE STORIES
 IDEX Health & Science is 
the
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Intelligent solutions for life
.
+1 800 426 0191
Download our latest catalog
 Find an 
authorized reseller
 near you.
IHSFluidicConnections@idexcorp.com
 Problems with the site? E-mail us at: 
IHSMarketing@idexcorp.com
Subscribe to our newsletter
INSIGHTS
IDEXOLOGY
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
LITERATURE & TOOLS
ABOUT
CONTACT & SUPPORT
PRODUCTS
© 2018  IDEX Health & Science LLC. IDEX Health & Science is a unit of IDEX Corporation.