We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. By continuing to use our site, you accept our 
cookie policy
.
Skip to content
Contact Us
North America
Menu
Products
Testing Solutions
Service and Support
Our Company

Leading the way in materials testing                    
INTRODUCING WAVEMATRIX2
Save Time and Build Confidence
WaveMatrix2
Experience simpler & Smarter testing
Bluehill Universal is Here
Discover More
Accessories Catalog 7th Edition
Now Available
View Catalog
Contact Us
Online
Request a Quote
Contact Service and Support
Additional Requests
By Phone
Sales

+1 800 564 8378
Service

+1 800 473 7838
Canada

+1 800 461 9123
            
News and Resources
News
Realtest | Experimental Durability Testing
Realtest uses Instron machines and software to develop customized concepts in the area of experimental durability testing to characterize the service live of a component.
News
Bluehill Universal Enhanced Security Webinar
Join us on December 13th for a webinar about Bluehill Universal's latest software updates, including security feature enhancements. 
News
ASTM D412: The Definitive Guide to Elastomer Tensile Testing
This guide provides expert insight into ASTM D412 tensile testing for elastomers and rubber – including an overview of the tensile testing equipment, software, and samples needed.
News
Errors in Your Data | New Online Training Released
Instron launches new online training course designed to help operators of materials testing systems troubleshoot any data integrity issues they may encounter during testing.
News
ZF | Hydropuls® Axle Test Rig Case Study
Learn how ZF Shanghai uses the Hydropuls axle test rig in their new development center – a location which extends their capabilities to respond to specific market challenges more quickly in the Chinese and Asiatic markets.
News
Instron Calibration Laboratory Goes Global
As of September 2018, Instron’s Calibration Laboratory in Norwood, MA USA expanded its global reach to include Europe into its existing operations.
About Instron
While researching replacement materials for parachutes, two scientists discovered that no testing machine was accurate enough to meet their demands. They founded Instron in 1946, and we pioneered universal testing machines featuring strain-gauge load cells. Today, Instron remains committed to delivering the highest quality, leading-edge technologies and services designed to push the boundaries of research, quality control and service-life testing.  Our systems evaluate the mechanical properties of materials and structures using tensile, compression, flexural, fatigue, impact, dynamic, torsional and multi-axial loading. Through a global infrastructure, we offer a broad range of local service capabilities, including calibration, verification, training, technical support and assistance with laboratory management.
Contact Us
“It is our objective at Instron to provide our customers the best ownership experience by delivering the highest quality products, expert support and world-class service.”
Yahya Gharagozlou

Group President, ITW Test & Measurement

Useful Links
Careers
Newsletters
Case Studies
Literature Library
Glossary
Accreditation
Testing Systems
Accessories
Testing Solutions
Events
Webinars
Connect with Us
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
© Illinois Tool Works Inc. All rights reserved. | web@instron.com
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Export Control
Dismiss Region Selector
Switzerland
|
|