About
About
Leadership
Board of Directors
Intellectual Property
Technology
Palladium Technology
Palladium Test Cartridges
Food Safety
Listeria environmental testing
Palladium test system
Food safety testing protocols
Emerging Markets 
Animal health
Medical Diagnostics
Resources
Resources
FAQs 
Contact Us
RESULTS ON  DEMAND
— reduce your risk by reducing testing time
 hbspt.cta.load(4300163, '841eb5c3-cfec-47e9-bcd4-d349a687f75e', {}); 
Rapid testing system
INT’s Palladium™ device is a portable laboratory, allowing on-demand testing with >95% sensitivity in any environment
*
. Our first test system improves food safety with Listeria environmental testing in about an hour.
*
Not currently available in the U.S.
Cut the Wait
Remember mailing back Netflix DVDs? Those days have changed. Move your testing to on-demand, with answers in about an hour, not days.
Read more
Detect Harborage Points
Wi-fi enabled cloud-based data collection allows you to detect and address food safety issues, facility to facility, shift to shift.
Read more
Protect Your Brand
Listeria results in $2.7B in economic loss in the U.S. each year, with untold damage to company brands. Reduce risk with more frequent testing and faster results.
Read more
DNA/RNA MICROARRAY TECHNOLOGY
Palladium™ PCR testing combines multiple, expensive lab processes into a single, portable system. Genetic methods have proven highly accurate and reliable compared to traditional phenotypic methods.
NEWS
AOAC validation testing expected to begin in May
THIRD PARTY RESEARCH
Evaluation of swabbing devices for Listeria detection
Food microbiology
Real-time pathogen monitoring
EMERGING APPLICATIONS
Animal Health 
Human infectious disease diagnostics
Salmonella & other food safety tests
10,000 
tests to date
2M
Foodborne Ilness deaths per year 
$2.7B
Loss due to listeria incidences in the U.S. per year
$10M
Average direct costs of a food safety recall
WHO WE ARE
INT is committed to providing fast, accurate molacular diagnotics testing results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, INT has developed a number of creative solutions for diagnostics and sample processing. These solutions include a working electronic DNA sensor, a universal sample preparation system, and a novel rotary valve disposable cartridge for automated processing of complex biological samples.
Leadership
Board of Directors
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Stay in the know on INT technology!
 hbspt.cta.load(4300163, '2e7d0442-7a9a-4977-97fa-6764d7eb0f60', {}); 
INT is committed to providing fast, accurate test results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, INT has developed a robust platform, Palladium™, for diagnostics and sample processing, replacing traditionally time-sensitive and complex lab processes.
Applications
Food Safety
Animal Health
Medical Diagnostics
Emerging Markets
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
RESOURCES
Resources
FAQs
© Copyright 2018 | All Rights Reserved
Home
About Us
Technology
Blog
Contact Us