Skip to main content
Menu
Products
Roof Racks
Cargo Management Systems
Step Rails & Running Boards
Custom Extrusions
Capabilities
Technical
Manufacturing
Locations
About
Vision & Mission
Sustainability Statement
Team
History
Customers
Careers
Yakima Partnership
Contact

							Passions made possible.
						

						Home					
Innovative Creativity
We are a world class inventor, designer, and manufacturer of essential utility systems and exterior trim.
Passions Made Possible.
Beautiful and Functional
Connecting people with their vehicles and the things they love to do.
Passions Made Possible.
Seamless Integration
Seamlessly integrating into our customers' business by providing the engineering, program management, and delivery of our product.
Passions Made Possible.
We Help Our Clients Sell More Vehicles
Trim level differentiation, quality products, and unmistakable utility is just a few of the ways that help separate our clients from the competition. 
Passions Made Possible.
Proud Partner with Yakima Accessories
Two of the leaders in roof rack and cargo management systems have joined forces to deliver ultimate style and functionality—a perfect match for the active lifestyle.
Passions Made Possible.
Live the Lifestyle You Love
Whether you’re into snowboarding or mountain biking, camping or surfing, JAC Products is there to get you and your equipment to your favorite destinations. 
Passions Made Possible.
Innovation Implemented
What does the power of world leadership in functional exterior trim mean to your next program? Plenty…
View All Products
From Start To Finish
JAC has the internal resources, capabilities, and brain trust to bring real value to your next project at whatever stage it may be.
View All Capabilities
We’re Global
Our world technical center is located in Pontiac, Michigan, but with our global footprint, we service over 20 OEMs around the world.
View All Locations
New Lincoln Navigator Concertina step rails supplied and engineered by JAC Products!
Downloads
ISO - Certificates
Supply Partners
Careers
Privacy Policy
© 2018 JAC Products. All Rights Reserved. | 
Site Credit