
      Skip to main content
    
Search
Our eyes
The Magic of Our Eyes
Honoring Our Eyes
Worldwide Eye Facts
Our company
About Us
Innovation
Products & Services
Education
Our Vision for Good
News & Media Center
Careers
Contact Us

        The Magic of Our Eyes
      
Sight - the most prized of all human senses. Our inspiration to help people see better, connect better, and live to the fullest.
Watch the story
Read article
Go to item 1
Go to item 2
The Magic of Our eyes
Honoring Our Eyes
Worldwide Eye Facts
Our Patients are Our Inspiration
Align center
style_big
n-padding--25
We marvel at the magic of our eyes, yet we are acutely aware there are many who do not fully experience the wonder of this gift. Nearly 285 million people around the world face impaired vision, and 80% of those cases are preventable with early diagnosis and treatment. We are committed to changing these statistics.
Align center
style_emphasis
Honoring Our Eyes
See Better - Connect Better - Live Better
We are relentless in our pursuit to help people honor their eyes across their entire lives. Innovation is at the heart of our organization and embedded in all we do. It fuels our discovery and development of new products and also extends to our collaborations, education and community efforts to bring new solutions to those in need.
Align center
style_no_space
Nearsightedness
Nearsightedness, also known as Myopia.
Nearsightedness, also known as Myopia.
Myopia is a condition where distant objects appear blurry. The myopic eye is slightly longer than normal and is corrected with minus powered lenses.
Uncorrected myopia is the leading cause of distance vision impairment globally.
Nearly 5 Billion
 It is projected that by 2050, nearly five billion people (half the global population) will have this ailment. 
Beauty & Performance
Beauty & Performance
It's on trend: there is growing interest in contact lenses that correct vision and also enhance the beauty of our eyes. Beauty lenses are medical devices and eyes are sensitive- making it essential to have an eye exam and proper fitting by an eye care professional. 
Farsightedness
Farsightedness
There are two kinds of farsightedness: Presbyopia and Hyperopia.

Presbyopia is an age-related, decreased ability to see nearby objects, especially in low light. Everyone will become presbyopic, usually starting around the age of 40.
Hyperopia affects people of all ages and is where near and occasionally distant objects appear blurry. The hyperopic eye is slightly shorter than normal and is corrected with plus powered lenses.
62% Increase
Worldwide, an estimated 1.3 billion people had presbyopia in 2011. This number is expected to increase to 2.1 billion by 2020.
Astigmatism
Astigmatism
Astigmatism is a variation in the curvature of the cornea - the clear, round dome covering the eye's iris and pupil - or in the shape of the eye's lens. Astigmatism results in blurred or distorted vision at all distances, varying with the amount of astigmatism.
1 in 3
This refractive error occurs in 1 in 3 people in the U.S. and may occur in combination with near- or farsightedness.
Glaucoma
Glaucoma
Glaucoma usually happens when fluid builds up in the front part of the eye, causing increased pressure within the eye which can damage the optic nerve.
2nd Leading Cause
Glaucoma, known as the "Silent Thief of Sight," is the second-leading cause of blindness in the U.S. (behind macular degeneration) and the second-leading cause of blindness worldwide (behind cataracts). 
Dry Eye
Dry Eye
Tears help maintain the health of the front surface of the eye and help to maintain clear vision. Dry eye is a condition in which a person doesn't have enough quality tears to lubricate and nourish the eye.
Dry eye is a common and often chronic problem, particularly in older adults. 
 340 Million +
More than 340 million suffer from dry eye globally. 
Cataracts
Cataracts
A clouding of the normally clear lens of the eye.
# 1 Cause
Cataracts are the #1 cause of preventable blindness, which represented about 20 million people in 2010. 
Worldwide Eye Facts
50%
10%
50% of the world's population needs vision correction,

while only 10% are treated
4.8 Billion
By 2050, 4.8 billion people 

(half of the world’s population)

is projected to be myopic
100.000.000
Cataracts are the main cause of preventable blindness worldwide and impacts 100 million eyes
Learn how we are committed to address these global problems
Visit Innovation page
Red
More From Johnson & Johnson Vision
acuvue.com
For consumers
jnjvisionpro.com
ACUVUE
®
 for professionals
surgical.jnjvision.com
For surgical professionals
sightbox.com
Sightbox
Footer

    This site is governed solely by applicable U.S. laws and governmental regulations. Please see our Privacy Policy. Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy. Your use of the information on this site is subject to the terms of our Legal Notice. You should view the News & Media section and the most recent SEC Filings in the Investor section of jnj.com in order to receive the most current information made available by Johnson & Johnson, Inc. Contact us with any questions or search this site for more information.
  
Contact Us
Legal Notice
Privacy Policy