Skip to the primary navigation.
Skip to the content.
Language
Menu
Welcome to the Future.
Halio Smart-Tinting Glass.
Tomorrow's windows are here.
Halio smart-tinting glass is so advanced that windows start tinting within seconds to provide shade and glare relief. Whether it’s a window, skylight, or partition, Halio allows you to precisely control how much natural light to let through. Halio is fully programmable to tune with your personal preferences.  
Learn More
More natural light
Let in more natural light without excessive heat or glare.
Perfectly clear, perfectly tinted
Looks like normal glass until it tints to soothing, cool grays. 
Precision control
Tint windows automatically or on command to precisely control natural light coming into a room.
Green and sustainable
Block heat from entering your rooms for dramatic energy savings.
More natural light
Let in more natural light without excessive heat or glare.
Perfectly clear, perfectly tinted
Looks like normal glass until it tints to soothing, cool grays. 
Precision control
Tint windows automatically or on command to precisely control natural light coming into a room.
Green and sustainable
Block heat from entering your rooms for dramatic energy savings.
Look forward...
Look forward to living in homes that nurture and continually re-energize us…to sleeping soundly in darkened rooms and waking refreshed as we gradually greet the sun…to working in inspiring offices where we can gaze out the window, fuel our imaginations, and be our most creative…to windows that keep us connected to the outside world. All day long. This is the future that is upon us right now. This is Halio smart-tinting glass. 
About Us
In the News
The Windy City Welcomes Sustainability at Greenbuild
Halio also offers dynamic glazing solutions. Craig Henricksen, vice president of marketing at Kinestral, spoke about the potential of dynamic glazing in the residential sector. He said the residential market is harder to get into because it is more fragmented than the commercial market. According to Henricksen, once the product is more turnkey and efficient it could be viable as a residential product.
Taiwan’s green building technology attracts foreign investors
Taiwan's reputation as a force in green building technology is attracting the interest of foreign investors. Earlier this month, US startup Kinestral Technologies opened its first factory on the island to produce energy efficient glass panels. Victoria Jen reports.
Alexa対応の「スマート調光ガラス」が台湾で本格生産–数分で明るさを完全切り替え
米Kinestral Technologies（以下、キネストラル）は10月4日、独自技術によるスマート調光ガラス「ヘイリオ」
See More
Investors
We're a different kind of start-up.
"I sit right by a Halio window, so I know from experience how cool it is, so it’s very exciting to be part of the company that created it. I also love working with so many bright minds." - Natalie
Join Us
Questions? 
Contact us
Kinestral 
Locations
© 2018 Kinestral Technologies, Inc.
 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Menu
Technology
About Us
News
Jobs
Contact
Language
Want to learn more about Halio?
Visit the Halio Website
Languages
Select your language of preference
Chinese (Traditional)
English
Japanese