Home
The LATITUDE Team
Expertise and Specialties
Services and Capabilities
Preformulation
Formulation
Deformulation
Analytical Methods
Equipment List
Drug Delivery Systems & Formulation Platforms
Licensing Opportunities
R&D and Pilot Scale Manufacturing
Case Studies
Enabling cGMP Manufacture
News/Press Releases
Employment
Contact
Select Page
Welcome to LATITUDE Pharmaceuticals
Formulation Experts for Challenging Compounds
LATITUDE Pharmaceuticals Inc.
 is a leading-edge formulation development contract research organization that provides innovative NCE and generic drug formulation development services and proprietary drug delivery systems to the human and veterinary pharmaceutical industries. Since our founding in 2003, we have performed over 800 formulation development projects for over 225 client companies and have developed a world-wide reputation for creative approaches, reliability, rapid turnaround, 
successful formulations
 and client satisfaction.
LATITUDE’s focus is on the special challenges of formulation development for compounds that are highly insoluble, highly unstable, and/or have poor bioavailability. This focus has made LATITUDE a specialist with the experience and track record to tackle the toughest formulation challenges for problematic drug candidates.
LATITUDE employs a wide armamentarium of techniques and technologies, many of which are unique and proprietary, to address insolubility, instability, poor absorption, vein irritation, large/bulky doses, lack of IP protection and other formulation challenges over a wide range of pharmaceutical dosage forms.
LATITUDE also develops state-of-the-art drug delivery systems as proprietary platform 
formulation technologies
, including our PG Depot™ injectable depots and our Nano-E™ nano-emulsions. Latitude makes these technologies available to our clients to improve the efficacy, safety, and overall therapeutic value, as well as establish new intellectual property, for their drug compounds.
In addition, LATITUDE applies its own technologies to develop improved formulations of existing drugs that can be developed as accelerated-approval 505(b)(2) NDA candidates. 
Contact LATITUDE
for more information on these 505(b)(2) 
Licensing Opportunities.
In servicing the formulation challenges of biotech and pharmaceutical companies, LATITUDE has grown by building a strong repeat business while providing excellent services to our clients.  
Contact us 
for more information and to discuss how LATITUDE can address your
 drug formulation 
needs.
Facebook
Google
RSS
Designed by 
Oliver Web Guy LLC
 | Powered by 
WordPress