555-555-5555
Press Room
News & Announcements
Videos
Brochures
Case Studies
Articles
Careers
Careers at LGS
Benefits
Student-Centered Programs
Submit Your Application
View All Jobs
Contact
Go
About
History
What We Do
Company Culture
Mission & Values
Social Responsibility
Team
Contracts
Alliant
GSA Schedule 70
GSA PSS
Partner GSA Schedules
CTS
IMOD
WCIS BOA
Netcents-2
Products & Services
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
Cyber
Cyber Range Mod & Sim
Cyber Support Services
Network Reconnaissance & Mapping
CodeGuardian
Communications
Fiber Optic Modems
Optical Amplifiers
BITS
Mission Support Services
Mobile Video
SigPlot
Geolocation Operations
Analytic/Visualization Development
Cloud & Virtualization
SDR
Wireless & Cyber Training
Sensors
Laser Transmitters
IoT Solutions
Cyber
Research & Development
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Cyber Support Services
Mission Networking
Cyber Resilience & Threat Analytics
Modeling & Simulation
Network Protocol Analysis & Engineering
IoT Security Analytics
C4ISR
Wireless
Video Solutions
Mission Support
Surveillance & Reconnaissance Solutions
Integration & Operations
Photonics
Free-Space Optical Communications
Remote Optical Sensing
Optical Signal Processing
Spectrum Management
Radio Frequency Spectrum
Spectrum Utilization
How LGS Can Help
Innovations
LGS Innovations Initiative
Patent Awards
TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION
Experts in C4ISR and Cybersecurity
The role of AI in network security
It’s not easy to correctly configure all the cybersecurity protection features of the applications, devices, host servers, firewalls, and other components that make up today’s communications networks - and of course misconfigurations of these cyber elements can mean exposed data, security breaches, and other grave dangers. 
Learn More »
What’s free-space got that fiber optics don’t?
Whether you’re an astronaut aboard the International Space Station looking to get a video feed out for quick evaluation or you just need a way to communicate faster, with greater bandwidth, via our own terrestrial and satellite networks, free-space optical communications are your best answer.
Learn More »
Video Surveillance That Sees the Whole Picture
The safety of our urban environments requires a complete, integrated, and real-time view of a landscape just as dense and complicated as any battlespace. Most importantly, this ability to “see the whole picture” and quickly communicate it to others must be shared by all of the federal, state, and local officials—police, fire crews, first-aid responders, hazardous materials teams, and others—who must manage these crises.
Learn More »
Why is the government concerned about spectrum crunch?
Government agencies that once enjoyed seemingly limitless (and free) spectrum access must now learn to share bandwidth with industry and consumers, and the challenges of sharing spectrum aren’t trivial—especially when radio frequency (RF) spectrum interference can very easily negatively impact an agency’s mission.
Learn More »
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
It’s easy to claim software analysis expertise, but our proven experience in reverse engineering and vulnerability research addresses the entire cybersecurity spectrum, from distributed denial of service attacks, to fuzzing, security scanning, attack surface analysis, and fault-tree analysis. Interested in what over 20 years in cyber can do for your organization?
LEARN MORE
Recent News
LGS Innovations and SCALABLE Network Technologies release high fidelity modeling and simulation capability
LGS 4G LTE LiveRANTM simulator, powered by SCALABLE Network Technologies, delivers a unique high fidelity modeling and simulation solution for commercial mobile...
Learn More »
LGS selected by U.S. Navy & U.S. Special Operations Command to provide engineering services for unmanned aerial vehicles
Herndon, VA – November 20, 2018 – LGS Innovations (LGS), a technology company providing specialized mission-critical communication research and solutions, recently announced...
Learn More »
spotlight on...
WE'RE HIRING! LGS Innovations Florham Park, NJ
Our employees love what they do! Find out why our Florham Park team is excited about their work – and how you could be a part of it!
LEARN MORE
THE LGS DIFFERENCE
LGS Innovations offers flexibility, an entrepreneurial spirit, and opportunities to grow—all while you apply your creativity, insights, and expertise in a hands-on atmosphere addressing the unique and mission critical needs of government and commercial organizations.
The culture of innovation fostered at LGS encourages creative thinking and collaboration with your teammates to create state-of-the-market communications technologies and cost-effective networking solutions.
LEARN MORE
We place great value on our most valuable asset – the creative team members who have helped to shape our history of innovation and vision for the future. We provide unique opportunities for our employees to showcase their ideas, including the annual LGS Innovation Initiative, which encourages all employees to submit their ideas for new products for possible corporate investment and development. Employee idea generation and cultivation leads to technological advancements that will enable greater customer satisfaction and establishes a corporate culture of creativity while driving the innovation from the core.
LEARN MORE
LGS Innovations works with organizations such as USGIF, the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA), the Colorado School of Mines, and many others to support crucial academic developmental skills in the sciences and to build the future of our country’s engineering workforce. We promote early involvement and cross discipline studies within the STEM fields through:
Internship and recruiting programs
Executive involvement on multiple university advisory boards
Annual scholarships for college juniors, seniors, and graduate students
Reimbursements to cover employees’ expenses when volunteering to support STEM education programs in their local communities
LEARN MORE
LGS Innovations is seeking leaders and professionals in engineering, research and development, program management, the sciences, and systems architecture with a passion for innovation who are committed to addressing our customers’ communications challenges. We are a rapidly growing company looking for creative, intelligent, and entrepreneurial individuals who not only place great value on their own learning and growth but also value contributions to their community and the nation. We work to develop our talent from within, and promote diversity across our workforce. Sound interesting? We think so! Come check us out! We have a passion for innovation, and we are always looking for creative professionals to join our team.
LEARN MORE
“What differentiates us is our culture of innovations. We hire extremely talented people who have the desire to go and make a difference in our customers’ missions. Every company says that they have extremely innovative people, but we really do and we really embrace that culture of innovation – and we allow people to express their ideas and work on things that really make a difference.” – Dr Linda Braun, Senior Vice President, LGS Innovations Photonics Solutions
LEARN MORE
“It’s an opportunity to work with people who are world-renowned experts in their fields, but it’s also a place where you’re given an opportunity early on to take responsibility and leadership.” Dr. Greg Gurski, Chief Technical Officer, LGS Integration and Operations Solutions
LEARN MORE
Named a Top Workplace by The Washington Post three years in a row, we know that our greatest asset is the talented people who work for us. At LGS, we recognize that being happy in your work and life is easier when you join an employer that understands your personal and professional needs. Not only do we provide competitive compensation packages and a full array of benefits, but we also foster team member creativity that generates new technologies to help to keep LGS on the cutting edge of technology. We encourage our employees to grow professionally, offering compensation for advanced learning at nearly twice the national average. LGS also supports a variety of student learning programs, as well as internships, a cooperative education program, an academic fellows program, and opportunities for new college graduates that allow for creativity and idea generation.
Want to know more?
CONTACT OUR TEAM
Ready to grow your career?
apply today
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
How can we help you?
Let’s talk
 jQuery(document).ready(function(){jQuery(document).trigger('gform_post_render', [1, 1]) } ); 
Hide Form -
Headquarters
13461 Sunrise Valley Drive, 3rd Floor
Herndon, VA 20171
Connect With Us:
Copyright © 2018 LGS Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
  |  
Terms & Conditions
Website Design By 
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All 
 information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.

            LGS Innovations uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
         
 if(typeof window.lv_formIDs == "undefined"){ window.lv_formIDs = []; }  window.lv_formIDs.push(1);
window.all_validations[1] = {};