
                                        Home                                                            

                                        About                                                            

                                        Technologies                                                            

                                        The Balancer Optimizer                                                            

                                        Contact                                                            
The Balancer: like adding free panels to your solar array.
Up to 30% more power. A fraction of the cost of a micro-inverter. Meet the Balancer.
Love your neighbors, despite their trees.
Make the solar investment. And, make it pay back faster.
Maximize solar output now, and for the next 20 years.
More Power from Solar Arrays
The Balancer recovers power lost to shade, clouds, dust and age, then injects that energy back into the system to increase output by 15% or more. More economical and reliable than conventional optimizers and micro-inverters, the Balancer helps you achieve a return on your solar investment faster. Let it rain, let the wind blow, let the neighbors' trees grow—the Balancer keeps your installation pumping at capacity no matter what comes. 
Learn More
.
Install More Power
Maxout's Balancer starts improving power output from the moment it is installed and increases in usefulness as a system ages. Featuring snap-together wiring and rugged construction, the Balancer is simple to install and maintain. A Balancer-equipped solar array stands apart from conventional systems, with built-in efficiency and protection from fouling and aging to bring a far faster return on investment.  
Learn more
.
More Intelligent Solar Electronics
The Balancer utilizes patented optimization technology to pull maximum power from every panel in a solar array. Real-time monitoring information helps you maximize the health of your installation. In daylight the Balancer makes a system perform like it has more panels. In low light it keeps the system pumping, so you see a return on your investment far sooner. 
Learn more
.
News and Milestones
February, 2018
 - Maxout has won a Concept Award from the California Sustainable Energy Entrepreneur Development (CalSEED) program to develop it’s Polyverter smart string inverter. CalSEED, which aims to fund promising energy entrepreneurs with early-stage concepts, is funded by the California Energy Commission and is administered by the California Clean Energy Fund.
August, 2016
 - US Patent number 9,407,093 issues. 
March, 2016
 - 
US Patent number 9,300,133 covering central inverter technology issues.  
September, 2015
 - 
US Patent number 9,136,703 issues. 
According to CEO and inventor Dr. Cummings, "this patent covers our finding that the same power electronics that make the B
alancer optimizer work can also keep inverters producing power in dim light and cloudy days. The Balancer can be the boost stage for the inverter, which saves about a third of the inverter cost." This patent is the nexus of Maxout's Balancer and Polyverter development and results in savings of about $500 on a typical install. 
September, 2015
 - US Patent number 9,136,704 issues. "This is the first of our inverter patents and a real milestone. This patent covers key technical features that improve central inverter reliability and serviceability," explains Maxout CEO and inventor Dr. Eric Cummings. Maxout aims to make a central inverter with maximum energy harvest and minimum capital and operating costs---compatible with $0.02/kW-hr solar power.
May 22, 2015 
Maxout's Polyverter functionality proven in lab tests. "We finished proof-of-principle testing and verified four of our architectural advances. The next stage is product development, but first we have some patent writing to finish," said CEO Dr. Cummings.
February 27, 2015
 - Maxout's Polyverter design released for fabrication. The Polyverter will bring residential inverter costs below $0.10/W with unprecedented reliability. "It took five discrete architectural advances to achieve our breakthrough in cost and performance and four generations of in-silico design development to get to this milestone. I've never seen such a cost and time-effective development of an unprecedented product. This is a real triumph of teamwork and tenacity," claims CEO Dr. Cummings.
November, 2014
- Kurt Kuhlman has joined Maxout as the company's new Chief Technical Officer.  Kurt is a Silicon Valley veteran, having operated an engineering consultancy for over ten years and holding over 20 years of experience in a wide range of  design and electronics disciplines.  His strength is supporting the transition from product design to production and he has a proven track record with LED lights and water purification products.
Kuhlman has been an advisor to the Stanford University Institute of Design since 2005. He holds a bachelor's degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a master's degree from University of Massachusetts-Amherst in radar and microwave design.
November, 2014
-
 Maxout was selected as the 
 Cleantech Open 
national category finalist in the Energy Generation category. The announcement was made in San Francisco at the 
Cleantech Open Global Forum
, the “Academy Awards of Cleantech,” which marked the grand finale of this year’s Cleantech Open Accelerator and the culmination of the 2014 Cleantech Open Global Ideas Competition. Meet all of the winners at:
http://events.cleantechopen.org/globalforum/2014/global-forum-news-winners/
Congratulations to everyone at Maxout, and to all of the inspired companies that participated in the Cleantech Open at the regional and national levels. 
October, 2014
- Maxout is heading to the finals of the 
CleanTech Open
!
The Cleantech Open is a not-for-profit organization that runs the world’s largest accelerator for cleantech startups. Their mission is to find, fund and foster entrepreneurs with big ideas that address today’s most urgent energy, environmental and economic challenges.
As one of four Western Region finalists MaxOut is on its way to the Global Forum next month in San Francisco. This event will showcase the best new clean technology start-ups from 8 US regions and 6 other countries who have just completed the Cleantech Open Accelerator program. 
Congratulations to the entire Maxout team, and to all of the Cleantech Open finalists and semifinalists!
September, 2014
 - MaxOut has been selected as a finalist to present at VERGE SF this October. VERGE focuses on practical, scalable energy solutions. 
July, 2014 
-
 Maxout installs 3200W freestanding test system at The Oasis at Livermore, in Livermore, CA.
June, 2014
 - Maxout announces opening of convertible note of up to $1.5 million.
June, 2014
 -
 Maxout Renewables is selected as a semifinalist for the 2014 
CleanTech Open
.
April, 2014
 -
Maxout's patent issues for "Architecture for Power Plan Comprising Clusters of Power-Generation Devices."
January, 2012
 -
 Maxout Renewables was invited to display at the ARPA-E Energy Innovation Summit in National Harbor, Maryland.
December, 2011
 - Maxout celebrates its successful development of a second-generation Balancer.
May, 2011
 - Maxout successfully tests first generation electrical prototype balancer, exceeding target conversion efficiency over a wide range in module and string voltage.
Maxout Renewables
6111 Southfront Road, Suite F
Livermore, CA 94551
Email: 
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.