Origin
What we do
About us
We make the chemicals tomorrow needs
Definition panel
A new approach called Dynamic Chemistry.
Focus on furans.
Unique business model. Uncommon results.
Turn materials into competitive advantage.
We make the chemicals tomorrow needs
Continue
01
Origin is a new kind of chemical company, focused on the future of materials science. By finding value in underutilized feedstocks like cardboard, wood waste and agricultural residues, we invent new and better materials for humanity.
02
A new approach called Dynamic Chemistry.
Leaner, more collaborative, and more inventive
If you want to do chemistry right, the business model—and just about everything else—has to change. So we’re doing something new: We apply agile processes and collaborative working relationships to the chemical industry. This novel approach—we call it Dynamic Chemistry—informs everything we do, from hiring, to scaling up, to R&D. Dynamic Chemistry allows us to uncover great value on the frontier of materials, for ourselves, our customers, and the world.
03
Focus on furans.
Unlocking an overlooked domain in chemistry
Over ten years and thousands of experiments, we've explored an area of chemistry that for a century was thought to be too challenging. The result? We've unlocked furan chemistry and unleashed its potential to the market. Our reactions are more efficient, with higher yields, fewer process steps, and better economics than traditional approaches.
04
Unique business model. Uncommon results.
Built to innovate
We’re creating a distributed, flexible network of manufacturing nodes. We’re sourcing the best chemical talent from around the world. And we’re partnering with companies like Nestlé and Danone that share our vision for innovation.
05
Turn materials into competitive advantage.
Compete and win on price, function and environmental impact
Whether your challenge is manufacturing thinner bottles, making your chemicals safer and better, or decreasing your reliance on petroleum to stabilize pricing—we’re here to help great companies finish first.
Copyright © 2018 Origin. All rights reserved.