Contact Us
Navigation
Tesla Nanocoatings
Less Is More
About
Management Team
History
Products
Primers
Topcoats
Markets
Infrastructure
Trucking | Construction | Agriculture
Civil | Military
Oil and Gas
What will ONE LESS COAT mean to your infrastructure project?
Imagine deploying a 30,000 lb. Class 70 bridge needing one less coat to cover 63 feet x 39 inches.
What will ONE LESS COAT mean to your civil or military project?
Ponder the implications of one less coat on a project like the Arkansas River’s 448 miles of 17 locks and dams.
What will ONE LESS COAT mean to your oil and gas project?
Estimate the savings of one fewer coat on a 40-story-high oil rig the size of 2 football fields.
What will ONE LESS COAT mean to your tanks project?
Think about saving the time and cost to apply one extra coat on a 500,000 bbl oil barrel.
Cost Savings
Users report ROI as high as 900 percent. Our customers realize on average 30 percent reductions in labor, material costs and variable costs. 
Learn More »
Global Corrosion Leader
Leaders set the pace. Tesla NanoCoatings is the world’s carbon nanotube technology leader with a strong portfolio of intellectual properties. 
Learn More »
Safe & User Friendly
The Teslan TWO-coat system is greener than traditional zinc rich and MIL-DTL 24441 systems. No special equipment or special training is required for application. 
Learn More »
Got steel? Think diamonds. Teslan redefines our world’s corrosion protection.
Rust has met its match. Literally. Teslan stands at the top of the class of protective coatings for applications around the world. Its patented carbon nanotube formulation is a major advancement in the battle to conquer corrosion in oil and gas, military, transportation and other critical applications. Regardless of where you are in the world, if you are fighting the cost of corrosion on offshore platforms, storage tanks, water-control structures, bridges, over-the-highway trucks and trailers, off-highway equipment and other steel structures, Teslan is formulated to exceed current levels of performance from conventional three-coat primer and paint jobs and reduce your rust-fighting costs.
Learn more
 about how Teslan can help you fight rust and reduce the cost of corrosion in your operations.
Contact us
 today or call 330-809-6700.
About
Products
Markets
News
Contact Us