Home
About
Services
Fabrication
Contact
Welcome to OAS
As a staffing/HR group and IT consulting firm that specializes in Engineering and cutting-edge technology, we are always looking for quality applicants that are hungry for a challenge...
Apply today
Providing excellence in Human Resources and Engineering, High Technology Projects and all aspects of Engineering
Learn More
We provide talent
Put our 20 years of experience to work for you
Engineering & High-Tech are our ONLY job
OAS recruits only the experts
Projects with a global scope
OAS clients supply next-level technology to the world
Direct Hire
OAS provides complete direct hire placement services, using traditional and innovative Web- and social-networking techniques to recruit the most talented candidates.
Contract-to-Hire
This service can also be used as a trial period to test the fit of a candidate before that person becomes a full-time member of your staff.
Master Vendor
OAS provides a single point of contact for all your staffing suppliers, ensure uniform terms and billing rates, and offer you the simplicity of a single invoice process, no matter how many departments or locations require staffing.
Outsourcing
OAS provides you with elite technical professionals who get the job done, help your staff integrate the new system if needed, and then it\'s back to business for you and your team – no administrative hassles, just clean, professional high-tech projects completed on time and on budget.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke 
OAS helps build magic...
Thanks for visiting OAS. 
Whether you need technical staffing/HR assistance or you're looking to use your skills on an international scale, we are eager to be your trusted source.
Navigation
About
Services
Fabrication
Contact
Address

        1 Sansome Street
Suite 3500
San Francisco, CA, 94104        

        Phone : 831-277-0043

        Fax : 702-554-1906

        Email : 
info@oasdesigngroup.com

        Website : 
http://www.oasdesigngroup.com