Home
Sitemap
Search
Corporate Overview
Technology Products
Commercial Markets
Newsroom
Careers
Contact
Ag Biotechnology Products
Making Better Crops
Harvesting the Sun Profitably
Clean Renewable Energy
Corporate Info
Performance Plants Inc.
 is a global leader in agricultural and biofuel biotechnology. We are a plant-trait company with field-tested proven technologies to help farmers, industry and biofuel users meet the challenges of feeding and fueling the world of tomorrow...today.
More About Performance Plants
Technologies
Performance Plants Inc.
 has key technologies that achieve higher and more consistent crop yields through improved heat tolerance, drought tolerance and reduced water requirements. In addition, the Company is improving the cost and quality of bioenergy feedstocks.
PPI Technology Solutions
Technology Development Pipeline
Commercial Markets
Performance Plants Inc.’s
 proven suite of biotech products in two distinct but complementary industries—food production and renewable clean energy—provide the most direct path to building a sustainable and profitable future for the world.
Clean Bioenergy
Food and Agricultural Products
Welcome
Thursday September 21, 2017
PPI welcomes Delegation from the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS)
On September 20, 2017, Dr. Yafan Huang, President & CSO, Performance Plants, welcomed Mr. Mengshan Chen, Secretary of the Leading Party Group, CAAS at Performance Plants' new facility in Kingston, ON.
Wednesday August 9, 2017
Performance Plants Announces Key Advancement of Drought Tolerant Cotton in Bayer Crop Science Product Development Collaboration
PPI announces an important crop performance target in the development of drought tolerant and high-yielding cotton with collaborative partner Bayer Crop Science using PPI'sYield Protection Technology (YPT®).  
Monday June 19, 2017
Performance Plants Moves to New State of the Art Facility
Performance Plants Inc. (PPI) officially opened it doors of their new home at their Grand Opening Celebration Friday, May 12, 2017.  The event was well attended by community officials and esteemed members of the scientific community...

              © 2009 Performance Plants Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
Admin
.      