Toggle navigation
Technology 
Company 
Contact 
Regenerative Stent 
Technology™
to improve the treatment of luminal diseases
 OUR STORY
AMStent™
The First Amnion-Covered Stent Designed to 
Restore and Maintain Long-Term Lumen Patency
              
 LEARN MORE
Regenerative Medicine Minnesota
2017 Biobusiness 
Grant Winner 
Unmet Clinical Need
Luminal diseases can lead to blockages in blood vessels or tubular structures in your body. Metallic and synthetic-covered stents are used to open these structures; however, your body may recognize the implants as foreign materials and respond with a negative reaction. This rejection leads to numerous complications including restenosis, inflammation, infection, allergic responses, scarring and thrombosis.

              
              Amnion-covered stents may alleviate the complications associated 
with metallic and synthetic-covered stents.
            
Technology
AMStent™ Solution
The AMStent™ is the first stent fully covered in amnion tissue, a proven biomaterial with regenerative properties. It has the promise to keep lumens open longer with potentially fewer complications than bare metal stents, covered stents or drug-eluting stents.
Amnion Tissue
AMStent™ System 
The First Application 
A Proven Biomaterial that Promotes Healing
More than 100 years of clinical history with a growing list of applications
Wound and burn management
Ocular tissue reconstruction
Spine surgery adhesion barrier
Reconstructive and plastic surgery
Favorable biologic properties and safety profile
Supports natural endothelialization and the regeneration of healthy tissue
Anti-inflammatory property minimizes the foreign body response
Anti-microbial property reduces the risk of infection
Anti-fibrotic property minimizes obstructive granuloma formation
Anti-thrombotic property minimizes thrombus formation
A Platform Technology that Solves Challenges in Luminal Disease Treatment
Designed to restore and maintain long-term lumen patency
The AMStent™ combines the regenerative properties of amnion tissue and mechanical properties of a stent frame 

Thin, compliant amnion allows for stent delivery through a smaller catheter
A 10 mm AMStent™ can be delivered using an 8 Fr catheter, unlike other covered stents of that size which require an 11 Fr catheter

A Tracheobronchial Stent Designed for 
Palliative Care to Improve Quality of Life
 The AMStent™ is fully covered in amnion tissue, which provides a bed for natural endothelialization to support the regeneration of healthy tissue

 Healthy re-epithelialization re-establishes mucociliary escalation and minimizes migration


Complication/reintervention rates for current metallic tracheal stents range approximately 20-40%
1-10
Anti-microbial and anti-inflammatory properties of the amnion tissue may minimize complications and mitigate reintervention
References

				  Breitenbücher A, et al. Long-term follow-up and survival after Ultraflex stent insertion in the management of complex malignant airway stenoses. Respiration. 2008;75(4):443-9. doi: 10.1159/000119053. Epub 2008 Mar 20. 

Chhajed PN, et al. Therapeutic bronchoscopy for malignant airway stenoses: choice of modality and survival. J Cancer Res Ther. 2010 Apr-Jun;6(2):204-9. doi: 10.4103/0973-1482.65250.

Han X, et al. Individualized airway-covered stent implantation therapy for thoracogastric airway fistula after esophagectomy. Surg Endosc. 2017 Apr;31(4):1713-8. doi: 10.1007/s00464-016-5162-9. Epub 2016 Aug 12.

Lemaire A, et al. Outcomes of tracheobronchial stents in patients with malignant airway disease. Ann Thorac Surg. 2005 Aug;80(2):434-7; discussion 437-8. 

Marchese R, et al. Fully covered self-expandable metal stent in tracheobronchial disorders: clinical experience. Respiration. 2015;89(1):49-56. doi: 10.1159/000368614. Epub 2015 Jan 15. 

Miyazawa T, et al. Implantation of ultraflex nitinol stents in malignant tracheobronchial stenosis. CHEST. 2000;69(2):398-401.

					  Saad CP, et al. Self-expandable metallic airway stents and flexible bronchoscopy: long-term outcomes analysis. Chest. 2003 Nov;124(5):1993-9.
Our Company

Peytant Solutions is a biomedical device company developing Regenerative Stent Technology™. Our vision is to transform the treatment of luminal diseases through regenerative medicine. 

Purpose
To improve the quality of life for patients worldwide by utilizing regenerative biomaterials to provide transformational solutions for luminal diseases.
Guiding Values
 Respect for the human tissue
We recognize the source of our unique biomaterial and will always treat it with the utmost respect.
 Innovate and improve
We strive to develop new products that improve patient quality of life, advance physicians' ability to treat luminal disease and lower healthcare system costs.
 Customers first
We are committed to being responsive to our customers and earning their trust every day.
 Do the right thing
We will hold ourselves to the highest standards of quality and integrity in everything we do.
Success through results
We are accountable for delivering on our commitments and recognize that success requires a winning attitude, discipline, and a sense of urgency.
Dedicated and virtual team
We will foster an environment for our talented team members to excel and contribute at the highest level.
Leadership Team
Bringing experience from both large medical technology companies and high-growth entrepreneurial companies.
John Schorgl
Co-founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John has 35 years of experience in executive management, sales and marketing, as well as product and business development for medical device and pharmaceutical companies. He has expertise in the interventional and surgical sectors of the pulmonary, gastroenterology, trans-vascular heart, and pharmaceutical markets. Formerly, John served as General Manager for the Global Pharmaceutical Injectable Division of Baxter International, President and General Manager of SuperDimension, Inc. (acquired by Covidien) and President and CEO of HeartStent. Prior to those positions, John was Vice President and Business Unit Manager for the Schneider (USA) Division of Pfizer and Vice President for Boston Scientific. 
Steven J. Healy
Co-founder and Director
Steve has extensive medical device experience with over 35 years in the industry. He has held senior positions in the cardiovascular segment, including President, Cardiac Surgery at St. Jude Medical, CEO at Lumen Biomedical and Director of Sales and Marketing at the Schneider (USA) Division of Pfizer. In the orthopedic segment, Steve was previously President at Zimmer Spine, General Manager of Global Spine at Zimmer Biomet Spine and CEO at Disc Dynamics. He currently serves as Chairman of the Board at BioVentrix, Inc.
Clay Anselmo
Director
Clay is the former President and CEO of Reglera (acquired by Dohmen Life Science Services), a regulatory and quality assurance consulting firm. He has more than 25 years' experience in quality, regulatory, operations and management in the medical device and human tissue bank industries. Clay's personal expertise includes new technology development and regulatory submissions/approval as well as combination and unique tissue products. He previously worked for COBE Laboratories/GAMBRO Healthcare and Alcon Laboratories.
Jeffrey Chambers, M.D.
Director and Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Chambers is an interventional cardiologist with Metropolitan Heart and Vascular Institute, President of Metropolitan Cardiovascular Consultants - Minneapolis, and the Director of the Lipid Clinic. His professional interests include coronary artery disease and cardiovascular research. He is a graduate of Wayne State University and University of Minnesota Medical School. 
Bruce Faulken, J.D.
Director and Secretary
Bruce has spent more than 40 years in the practice of business law, with a primary emphasis on small to medium-sized companies, including medical device and pharmaceutical companies. His expertise includes commercial transactions such as licensing and supply arrangements, debt and equity financing, and regulatory matters. Bruce received degrees from Yale Law School and University of Iowa. 


Craig M. Walker, M.D.
Director
Craig M. Walker, M.D., is the Founder, President and Medical Director of Cardiovascular Institute of the South in Houma, Louisiana. Additionally, Dr. Walker is a Clinical Professor of Medicine at Tulane University School of Medicine and LSU School of Medicine in New Orleans. He is board certified in internal medicine, cardiovascular disease and interventional cardiology.
 
Dr. Walker founded and is the chairman for one of the largest cardiovascular conferences in the nation, New Cardiovascular Horizons (NCVH), to educate and train medical professionals on the latest techniques to treat coronary and peripheral vascular disease. He also maintains the distinction title of primary investigator for several cardiovascular and peripheral devices. Through his extensive knowledge and research in peripheral vascular disease, Dr. Walker provides educational training courses to physicians from around the world.

Contact
Peytant Solutions, Inc.
3650 Annapolis Lane North, #180

                 Plymouth, MN 55447
 (763) 316-6937
            
Send Us a Message
Full Name*
Email*
Phone
Questions/Comments
Submit

           Not Available for Sale in the United States.
 Peytant Solutions, Inc., AMStent, and Regenerative Stent Technology are U.S. and/or internationally registered trademarks of Peytant Solutions, Inc.

©  2017 Peytant Solutions, Inc.
          