Markets
Consumer Products
Fuels and Emission Controls
Highway Safety and Construction
Industrial and Process Chemicals and Materials
Natural Resources
Packaging and Engineered Plastics
Products
Global Quality Policy
Sustainability
Health, Environment & Safety
UK Modern Slavery Act 2015
Careers
Join Our Team
Co Ops and Internships
Benefits
Diversity
About Us
Materials Science
Investors
News
Contact Us
Friendlier Products for a Cleaner, Safer World
For almost 200 years, PQ Corporation has envisioned the future of performance materials, chemicals and catalysts through collaborative innovation, making products that touch all of us, every day
View Our Products
Cleaner Emissions
Our Catalysts and Refining Services products and solutions help companies produce vehicles with improved fuel efficiency and cleaner emissions
Safer Travels
We produce highly engineered Performance Materials that help make highways and airports safer for drivers, pedestrians, pilots and passengers
Better Care
Our products are critical ingredients in consumer applications that help make teeth brighter, skin softer and wounds heal faster
Carbon-Free
With inorganic and carbon-free products, we contribute to improving the sustainability of our planet  
PQ Corporation enables environmental improvements and enhances everyday consumer products through collaborative innovation with our customers. Our products reduce air pollution and make products you use every day more environmentally friendly.
At the forefront of safety and sustainability, we are a leading global provider of specialty catalysts, services, and performance materials and chemicals.
Our Products and Services
Performance Materials and Chemicals
The Performance Materials and Chemicals Group offers solutions ranging from personal care to transportation safety, using products made from environmentally friendly silicate, glass and engineered materials.
Our innovative products clean and whiten teeth and make aching muscles feel better. They make tires roll with less resistance. They also make highway and runway markings more visible to drivers and pilots.
The Performance Materials and Chemicals Group includes our performance chemicals product group and our performance materials products sold as our Potters® brand microspheres, an industry leader for more than 100 years.
Learn More
Environmental Catalysts and Services
Our Environmental Catalysts and Services Group is a leading global innovator and producer of catalysts for the refinery, emissions control, petrochemical, polyolefin and acrylics industries. We also are a leading provider of catalyst recycling services to the North American refining industry.
We help vehicles run cleaner, reducing the sulfur content in gasoline and improving air quality. Our catalysts reduce byproducts produced in the manufacture of plastics, making the world cleaner and safer each and every day.
This group includes the EcoServices® brand refining services, the Silica Catalysts business, and Zeolyst joint venture.
Learn More
English
English
Customer Login
Email
Password
Forgot Password
 | 
                                
Register
Log in
×
Home
Our Markets
Our Products
Sustainability
Health, Environment & Safety
About Us
Contact Us
Investors
News
Careers
Regulatory
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Sitemap