We use cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. 
Learn more
OK
Roche
Menu
Search
Global Web Site
: 
Research & Development
You are here:
Research & Development
Who we are and how we work
Research & Development locations
Roche
Language: 
DE
Home
About Roche
Products
Sustainability
Research & Development
Partnering
Media
Investors
Careers
Drawn to science
Science and the city
Call for Grant Notifications for IME
What we are working on
Who we are and how we work
Pipeline
Our structure
Ethics in Research & Development
Research & Development locations
Research process
Clinical trials
Investigator initiated studies 
Copenhagen
Copenhagen
 Roche Innovation Center Copenhagen A/S
Fremtidsvej 3
DK 2970 Hørsholm 
+45 4517 9800
http://www.roche.dk 
Show on map
Directions
Roche Innovation Center Copenhagen A/S is the home of RNA Therapeutics Research (RTR) for Roche Pharma Research and Early Development (pRED).
Roche Innovation Center Copenhagen, (formerly Santaris Pharma A/S) is a leader in the rapidly emerging field of RNA-targeted drugs, where it is exploiting its proprietary Locked Nucleic Acid (LNA) platform to discover important novel medicines across multiple therapeutic areas.  Drugs directed against RNA targets have the potential to transform human medicine, making drug discovery, development and manufacture more efficient, faster and less error prone than ever before. At the same time, this novel class of drugs offers the means to address disease targets that have previously been undruggable with conventional drug therapies such as small molecules or antibodies.
RICC is continuously investing in its drug discovery and technology platform, bringing together a multidisciplinary team of scientists with experience, talent and commitment to deliver broadly on the promise of RNA medicines. The RICC team is headed by Bo Rode Hansen and comprises research groups in chemistry, oligo synthesis, molecular biology, pharmacology, toxicology, PK and bioinformatics.
Recognizing the broad application of RNA medicines across human diseases, RICC is collaborating with selected pharmaceutical companies to discover and develop novel drugs within their therapeutic focus areas. These efforts complement the Drug Discovery efforts within the Roche Group and accelerates the emergence of the new RNA-therapeutic era in human medicine.
Share
Share via email
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Google+
Share on Xing
Close
Copenhagen
Copenhagen

											Roche Innovation Center Copenhagen A/S
Fremtidsvej 3
DK 2970 Hørsholm  

											Denmark 
										
+45 4517 9800
http://www.roche.dk 
© 2018 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd
03.12.2018
Legal Statement
Privacy Policy
This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube