SOLUTIONS
BY DEPARTMENT
Finance
Operations
Information Technology
BY INDUSTRY
Oil & Gas
Chemical
Logistics
TECHNOLOGY
ABOUT US
Management
Board Members
Partners
NEWS
CONTACT US
Enterprise Asset Intelligence 
on Anything, at Anytime, 
from Anywhere 
		
Visibility of unpowered mobile assets instantly 
reveals previously unattainable insights 
including how your assets were kept 
and handled
 
		
LEARN MORE 
		
Transparency across your 
entire supply chain to
maximize performance 
		
Real benefits realized within the first year: 
10% increase in velocity; 30% reduction in loss; 
5% reduction in damage 
 
		
LEARN MORE 
		
Quick and easy to set up, 
delivering tangible value 
from low capital 
investment  
		
Straight forward installation with simple 
configuration aligned to your specific 
business needs 
		
LEARN MORE 
		
Certified and industry 
rugged with design suitable 
to the environment 
		
Design with enhanced safety features and 
a rugged form factor for the toughest and 
remotest environments        
		
LEARN MORE 
		
ASSET INTELLIGENCE ON ANYTHING
Senaya develops asset intelligence that takes the guesswork out of supply chain and asset management. Our combination of sensors, communication technologies, and easy-to-read dashboards give you valuable and actionable real-time insights into the status of your organization’s moving parts.
WHAT'S YOUR OBJECTIVE?
FINANCE

Use asset intelligence to generate opportunities for new revenue streams, improve margins, and increase competitive advantage.
OPERATIONS

Improve efficiency and responsiveness across the supply chain. Make faster and more informed business decisions to eliminate errors and waste.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Automate data collection, reduce labor, and minimize errors across the supply chain. Simplify tracking and reporting with a SaaS, dashboard-based solution.
Sign up today to view an online Demo of our infrastructure-free, cloud-enabled, fog-based, scalable, asset management solution
SIGN UP
By clicking this button you will be taken
to the contact page.

					Copyright ©2015 Senaya. All rights reserved.				