®
We are a 
Specialty Chemicals Clean Tech Enterprise
commercializing unique 
Hyper Low Carbon Technology
for advanced fuel additives and specialty chemicals
          in the global energy markets
ABOUT
Standard Alcohol has developed an internationally patented process that converts inexpensive natural gas - or biomass or coal - into a powerful chain of Higher Alcohols used as a vehicle fuel additive, with breakthrough chemical, commercial, and environmental characteristics.
Our proprietary 
OctaneX
® Technologies are tailored to increase fuel efficiencies, while significantly lowering tailpipe emissions.
Our 
Hyper-Low Carbon Technology
® sets a higher standard for greenhouse gases emissions reduction and puts our enterprise at the forefront of the transformations reshaping the world of energy and specialty chemicals.
With a global car fleet heading to 2 billion by 2035, the world has an ever-expanding and urgent need for cleaner energy solutions.
​
Our mission is to provide advanced clean fuel additives technologies that contributes to tackling that complex challenge with a breakthrough environmental and economic value proposition.
OctaneX  Technologies
®
The world market for clean octane fuel additives is large - $50 billion – and it keeps growing as environmental megatrends support cleaner transportation vehicles. The market is significantly underserved by existing octane fuel additive solutions in terms of performance, environmental footprint and affordability.
Our advanced OctaneX® Technologies represent a triple breakthrough:
​
The highest combination of blending fuel properties performance: octane, energy content, distillation curve profile, oxygenates content
The lowest carbon footprint of all fuel additives
A very efficient and cost-effective manufacturing process
While aligning with societal aspirations for a cleaner world, our OctaneX® Technologies help our customers and supply chain partners drive up their profitability.
The earth is an abundant provider, but there is a delicate balance that must be maintained.
    It is our obligation, and our firm commitment,
    to tread softly and make best use of our
    technology to help maintain that balance. 
ENVIRONMENT
As a Clean Tech enterprise, we are committed to the highest sustainability standards.
Hyper-Low Carbon Technology®
Our Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage ("CCUS") manufacturing process captures over 90% of the carbon dioxide emissions and reusing them so they will not enter the atmosphere.
Our overall carbon footprint (“GHG Life Cycle Analysis”) is close to 50% lower than current commercially available renewable fuel additives
OctaneX® Clean Technologies
Our fuel additives solutions improve vehicle MPG efficiencies and reduce fuel consumption
Our patented formula lowers greenhouse gas tailpipe emissions such as carbon dioxide, nitrous oxides, CO2, NOx and VOCs
OUR TEAM
International and Seasoned C-level Leadership Team with deep Clean Energy and Specialty Chemicals expertise, and proven track records in the commercialization of innovative technologies
Board
Standard Alcohol is guided by a Board of Directors comprised of notable industry experts, successful entrepreneurs and business executives with deep international business development expertise.
More Info
Management
Standard Alcohol's executive management team is comprised of global executives with seasoned CEO & CFO backgrounds, deep industry experience and proven track records in the commercialization of innovative technologies.
More Info
Partners
Standard Alcohol nurtures partnerships with world-class supply chain specialty chemicals, technology and financial enterprises to advance its cutting-edge technology, and offers a range of attractive business models across U.S., Asia and Europe
..
CONTACT US
Send us a message:
                          Corporate Offices: 
    770 Sherman Street
                                                               Suite 104                                                                                      Denver, CO 80203
                                                               303-500-0954
​
​
​
Standard Alcohol, Hyper Low Carbon Technology, OctaneX, i-Octane, i-Octane+, e-Octane, e-Octane+, Mixed Alcohols Fuel Additive Technologies, High Octane Fuel Additive Technology and Envirolene are trademarks of Standard Alcohol Company of America, Inc.
© 2018 by Standard Alcohol - All Rights Reserved