Toggle navigation
Company
Overview
Culture
History
Community
Leadership
Careers
News
Contact
A New Beginning for a Historic Facility
Providing High Quality Tires to North America
Putting Rubber on The Road
From Design to the Track
Career Opportunities for Western New York
Sumitomo Rubber USA, LLC (Formerly Goodyear Dunlop Tires North America, Ltd.) manufactures a wide range of automotive tires in the US and internationally. Located in Tonawanda, NY, a suburb of Buffalo, our expanding facility produces over 4 Million tires annually for a variety of applications such as passenger cars, trucks, buses and motorcycles.
About
Culture
History
Leadership
Community
Check out our latest career opportunities 
Learn More 
September 18, 2018
Team FALKEN's Yoshihide Muroya Places 2nd in the Sixth Race of Red Bull Air Race World Championship 2018
Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. is pleased to announce that Team FALKEN's Master Class pilot Yoshihide Muroya, whom we are proud to sponsor through our FALKEN brand, has placed second in the sixth
 … 
more
 race of this year's Red Bull Air Race World Championship, which was held this past September 15-16 weekend in Wiener Neustadt, Austria.
Read More 
September 11, 2018
FALKEN "ZIEX ZE001 A/S" Selected as Factory Standard Tires for the New SUBARU "FORESTER"
Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd. is pleased to announce that we have begun supplying our high-performance FALKEN "ZIEX ZE001 A/S" tires to SUBARU Corporation for use as factory standard tires on
 … 
more
 their new "FORESTER" (model for North American and Chinese markets), which goes on sale this fall.
Read More 
May 15, 2018
Both Team FALKEN Motorsports Racecars Complete the 46th ADAC Zurich 24h-Race Nurburgring
The Sumitomo Rubber Group is pleased to announce that both of the Team FALKEN Motorsports racecars competing in the 46th ADAC Zurich 24h-Race Nurburgring (commonly known as the 24h-Race Nurburgring)
 … 
more
 completed the race, with the team's Porsche 911 GT3R placing 9th overall and the team's BMW M6 GT3 placing 15th overall. Widely renowned as one of the world's largest touring car races, this year's 24h-Race Nurburgring was held from Thursday, May 10 through Sunday, May 13 in Nurburg, Germany.
Read More 
Proud Manufacturers of …
 10 Sheridan Drive
Tonawanda, NY 14150 
(716) 879-8200
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
California Transparency Statement
Certificates
Site by Ingenious, Inc.
© Sumitomo Rubber USA, LLC.  All rights reserved. Falken is a registered trademark of Sumitomo Rubber Industries, Ltd.  Dunlop is a registered trademark of DNA (Housemarks) Limited.