See Mobile Site
800.322.8436
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
About
T.H.E.M. Advantage
Leadership Team
History
Markets Served
Strategic Partners
Human Rights Statement
Human Rights Policy
Contract Packaging
Quality and Safety
Stick Packaging
Pouch Packaging
Packaging Machinery
Stick Packaging Machinery
Powder & Granule Packaging Machinery
Liquid & Paste Packaging Machinery
Technologies
EarthInks
®
FBR-ELPO
Snapsil
®
Stick Pack
Zipbox
®
Gallery
Photos
Videos
News & Blog
Contact
Turnkey Contract
Packaging Solutions
T.H.E.M. contract packages liquid
 
                and powder products in flexible pouches,
 
                packettes and stick packs.
READ MORE
Flexible Packaging
Machinery Specialists
T.H.E.M. sells and supports a complete range
 
                of Sanko Machinery systems for stick pack,
 
                pouch and packette production.
READ MORE
The Stick Pack
Authority
T.H.E.M., the stick pack authority, has
 
                helped put America's leading brands into 

                convenient, portable single-serve flexible
 
                stick packaging.
READ MORE
Zipbox
®
 Resealable
Packaging
In conjunction with ITW - Zip-Pak, T.H.E.M.
 
                offers the revolutionary package that 
 
                maintains product freshness and increases
 
                total production and logistical system efficiencies.
READ MORE
Pouring is a Snap
T.H.E.M. - MULTIVAC unveil Snapsil
®
  
                easy-open portion pack venture
 
                to North America.
READ MORE
Your gateway to global packaging innovation.
T.H.E.M. (Technical Help in Engineering and Marketing) is best known for commercializing Sanko Stick Packaging in the USA. As The Stick Pack Authority, T.H.E.M. has helped put America’s leading beverage brands in this form of single-serve packaging; a perfect complement to bottled water for ‘on the go’ consumers of all ages. Working in conjunction with Power Packaging, an Exel Company, T.H.E.M. offers a comprehensive array of services for your brand, including initial concept development and full-scale national or global stick pack production.
Supply chain continuity is the most important aspect of T.H.E.M.’s business model. At our facilities we do everything from sell and service equipment to provide full-scale contract packaging. Our customers rely on us to evaluate materials, determine the right size stick, as well as the most precise method of stick packaging. After sizing up the packaging details, we assess the applicability of the stick by performing a series of tests that validate speeds and production for consumer research samples.
The Global Leader
T.H.E.M. has provided packaging system solutions to leading consumer goods companies for nearly four decades, T.H.E.M. is best known for establishing Sanko stick packaging as the dominant form of single-serve stick pack
packaging in North America.
READ MORE
Contract Packaging Services
T.H.E.M. brings supply chain continuity to large-scale commercialization through its FDA-registered contract packaging facility. The company's success is predicated on stability, reliability and performance throughout every step of the process. 
READ MORE
Packaging Machinery
T.H.E.M. machinery provides the most innovative, cost-effective packaging solutions in the industry. No matter what the specification, T.H.E.M. can customize packaging solutions with cutting edge, state of the art machinery.
READ MORE
T.H.E.M.
5 East Stow Road
,
            
Marlton
,
            
New Jersey
08053

            Phone: 
(800) 322-8436
NJ SEO Company:
Delia Associates