Assess Performance, Benchmark Best Practices and Corporate Governance
480-998-1081
info@theboardinstitute.com
Products
The Board Index ™
The Audit Committee Index ™
The Compensation Committee Index™
The Governance Committee Index ™
The Director Index™
TBI Protiviti® Board Risk Oversight Meter™
The Fiduciary Board Index™ module
The Norwegian Board Index™
Benefits
Testimonials
Methodology
Small Sample Methodology
Validation
Partners
News
Articles
Company
Management Bios
Contact
Login
A better way to evaluate and improve your board. 
The Board Institute can show you how. 
Contact Us Today 
“I believe in the product immensely. There is no question that boards need a third party, legitimate, independent benchmark…”
Terry Ashwill
, former CFO, True North (NYSE), Ryder
Applying new thinking to the board evaluation process
The Board Institute provides directors with independent, world-class evaluation tools to assess, enhance, educate and benchmark the effectiveness of your boards, committees and directors.
Created in collaboration with market experts in evaluation, survey research and board governance, our scientific, accredited and comprehensive solutions will provide you with a clearer understanding of how your board is performing, will enhance and streamline your entire evaluation process, and ultimately lead to improved corporate governance and better financial results.
Our Products
The Board Index
Moving Beyond Compliance & Checkboxes
The goal of The Board Index is to help your board be the best it can be by assessing and enhancing its effectiveness. The Board Index helps directors and officers of public and private companies assess and enhance the overall effectiveness of your board by focusing on the structure and composition, the role of the directors and the leadership of the board.
Learn more 
The Audit Committee Index
Lead a More Potent Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee Index helps you determine how to make your Audit Committee more effective by revealing strengths and weaknesses in the Audit Committee’s structure, policies and practices.
Learn more 
The Compensation Committee Index
Compensation Comes Under Attack
The Compensation Committee Index helps you determine how to make your Compensation Committee more effective and demonstrate best practice to your constituencies and the markets.
Learn more 
The Governance Committee Index
Demonstrate Good Practice to the Markets
The Governance Committee Index helps you determine how to make your Governance and Nominating Committee more effective and demonstrate good practice to your constituencies and the markets
Learn more 
TBI/Protiviti Board Risk Oversight Meter
Improve Board Risk Oversight 
The TBI Protiviti® Board Risk Oversight Meter™ allows your board of directors to assess, improve and benchmark the effectiveness of your risk oversight processes. More importantly, it allows directors to be confident they are effectively overseeing risk.
Learn more 
The Director Index
Managing the Most Sensitive of Board Accountabilities 
The Director Index is designed to help directors become more effective and optimize their performance objectively, safely and securely.
Learn more 
The Fiduciary Board Index Module
Moving Beyond Compliance & Checkboxes
The Fiduciary Board Index module allows boards of directors to assess the strengths of their investment policies and highlight areas for improvement.
Learn more 
The Norwegian Board Index
The Keys to Risk Management are Knowledge, Transparency and Accountability 
The goal of The Norwegian Board Index is to help your board be the best it can be by assessing and enhancing its effectiveness.
Learn more 
“The Audit Committee Index report identified an area of disparity and created and enabled discussion by the board members in an area that would have otherwise not been raised. We intend to do this again next year..”
Vern LaForti
, CFO, Overland Storage (NASDAQ/Technology)
Our Partners
Email Us Today
Or call us at 
(480) 998-1081
The Board Book
Boards of directors can spell the difference between success and failure. Great boards mean great companies. In 
The Board Book,
 author and Board Institute founder, Susan Shultz combines over 30 years of experience and expertise in corporate governance to help you learn how to avoid the 10 most common mistakes and create a strategic force in your company’s success.
Purchase The Board Book
Contact Us
PHONE: 480-998-1081
EMAIL: 
 info@theboardinstitute.com
The Board Institute Inc.

4350 East Camelback Road

Suite B200

Phoenix, Arizona 85018
Recent Posts
John Boehner’s ‘Evolution’ On Marijuana Could Come With A Huge Payday – For Him And The Weed Industry
BlackRock CEO Larry Fink’s Annual Letter to CEOs
Vanguard CEO Open Governance Letter to Companies
How Private Equity Can Help Build Your Board Of Directors
The Case for Global Boards
Links
FAQ
Resources
Client Login
Contact The Board Institute
 Your Name (required)
 Your Email (required)
 Subject
 Your Message

							© 2017 The Board Institute. All Rights Reserved.						
Free demo