Tigo
Call now
English
Sign In
Call now                        
Sign In
English
close
English
Español
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
日本語
Nederlands
About Tigo
Partners
Markets
Certifications
Press Releases
Our Team
Investors
Board of Directors
Why Tigo?
Reviews
Case Studies
Videos
Products
Where To Buy
Resources
Resource Center
Product Selection Tool
Downloads
Contact Us
Mesh
communication architecture
for the TS4 Platform
Learn more
Tigo Access Point (TAP)
the new, UL-certified communication
device for TS4
Learn more
One Smart Platform
for any given need

Learn about TS4’s UHD-Core
Reclaimed Energy 
quantifies the benefits of
module-level optimization
Watch proof of your ROI
SMART App
the highest granularity
& visibility in the market
Download 3.0
Latest News:
Tigo Releases State-of-the-art Wireless Technology – Mesh –  as the New Solar Communication Architecture for the TS4 Platform - July 18, 2018
Latest News:
Tigo Introduces New Tigo Access Point (TAP) as UL-Certified Communication Device for TS4 Platform - July 11, 2018
Latest News:
Tigo Awarded Patent for Flex MLPE Platform - June 19, 2018
Latest News:
Tigo Welcomes Babu Jain as Chief Operating Officer - June 11, 2018
Latest News:
Tigo Releases New TS4 Rapid Shutdown Solution with Powerline Communication - January 8, 2018
Monitoring Demo
View existing installations for free.
Learn more
Tigo Resource Center
Join the Training Team for live webinars.
Learn more
Why Tigo?
Find out how our system works.
Learn more
Highest ROI with Long String Functionality
Tigo's TS4 Platform is deisgned to reduce costs by allowing longer PV strings in solar arrays which reduces the number of strings by 30% and equates to more than a $0.05/W decrease in total system costs.
More case studies
The Tigo product gives the customer a lower cost option to reduce any shading related issues and can increase the overall performance of a system. Our experience with Tigo thus far has been exceptional, and as a company your ability to change and manage our requirements has been exemplary, allowing us to focus on the customer needs rather than trying to make a product fit.
Steve Wallace 
Project Solar UK Ltd
Tigo's TS4 Platform
Tigo's unique TS4 platform enables a choice of plug-and-play functionality to any solar module.  The TS4 platform enables different TS4 covers each with unique capabilities.  This gives installers the ability to choose from:
TS4-D
Integrate your modules with a smart ready junction box cover to replace and upgrade whenever needed.
TS4-M
Harness the data of your solar array to ensure your system is running at peak performance.
TS4-F
Secure the most cost-effective rapid shutdown solution via any SunSpec Alliance® PLC signaling device.
TS4-S
Meet module-level Rapid Shutdown requirements and ensure the safety of everyone.
TS4-O
Harvest the maximum amount of energy from your system while also getting the most design flexibility.
TS4-L
Stretch string lengths to the maximum, simplify array designs, and reduce SKU management.
About Tigo :
Tigo® is a Silicon Valley company founded in 2007 by a team of experienced technologists. Combining a unique systems-level approach with expertise in semiconductors, power electronics, and solar energy, the Tigo team developed the first-generation Smart Module Optimizer technology for the solar industry. Tigo's vision is to leverage integrated and retrofitted Flex MLPE (module-level power electronics) and communications technology to drive the cost of solar electricity down. By partnering with tier 1 module and inverter manufacturers in the industry, Tigo is able to focus on its key innovation with the smartest TS4 modular platform and leverage the broader ecosystem. Tigo has operations in the USA, across Europe, Japan, China, Australia and the Middle East. 
Site map
Resources
Why Tigo?
Products
Where To Buy
About Tigo
Contact Us
EMAIL
sales@tigoenergy.com
support@tigoenergy.com
training@tigoenergy.com
 Follow Us to Stay Connected:
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
Subscribe for Tigo news
Subscribe for Tigo news
Tigo Energy
420 Blossom Hill Rd. Los Gatos, CA 95032 408.402.0802
Copyright © 2007—2018 Tigo Energy, Inc. All rights reserved. | 
Privacy Policy