Search site:
UChicago Argonne, LLC.
About 
The Team 
Board of Directors 
President 
Argonne Leadership 
Board of Governors 
Staff 
Science Policy Council 
Stewardship 
Collaborative Institutes
Support New Science
Joint Appointments
Executive Management Education
Board Awards
Scholarships
Speaker Series
Innovation and Investment
Impact
Contact Us 
Related Links
Argonne National Laboratory
UChicago Office of the Executive Vice President for Research, Innovation and National Laboratories
U.S. Department of Energy
Features
Argonne-UChicago researchers work to annihilate nanoscale defects in semiconductors 
Researchers from the University of Chicago and Argonne use the supercomputing resources at the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility to predict the path molecules must follow to find defect-free states. They designed a process that delivers industry-standard nanocircuitry that can be scaled down to smaller densities without defects. 

								Read More
Argonne-INCREASE partnership opens doors to collaboration 
Members of INCREASE visit Argonne National Laboratory’s Advanced Photon Source to network and learn how to submit competitive proposals for their research. 

								Read More
Eight members join Argonne board of governors
In the past year, eight distinguished leaders with deep collective expertise in bioscience, communications, energy, engineering, government, physical sciences and technology have joined the UChicago Argonne, LLC Board of Governors. 

								Read More
South Pole’s next generation of discovery
UChicago, Argonne, and Fermilab collaborate on telescope's new ultra-sensitive camera.

								Read More
Strange quantum phenomenon achieved at room temperature in semiconductor wafers
 Researchers in the Institute for Molecular Engineering have demonstrated that macroscopic entanglement can be generated at room temperature and in a small magnetic field. 

								Read More
Delivering World-Class Research Safely and Efficiently
Argonne National Laboratory, located just outside of Chicago and one of the U.S. Department of Energy's largest national laboratories for scientific and engineering research, is managed by UChicago Argonne, LLC, for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science.
The University of Chicago has served as prime contractor of Argonne since the lab’s founding in 1946 as an outgrowth of the Manhattan Project and the University's Metallurgical Laboratory.
Through UChicago Argonne, LLC, the University of Chicago brings the best of commercial practices and marshals the talent of Illinois’ leading research universities to lead Argonne into the future. Argonne is operated by UChicago Argonne, LLC together with team member Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. This relationship underscores the University’s commitment to delivering world-class research through the safe and efficient management and operation of Argonne National Laboratory.
News
August 2018

						Juan de Pablo named UChicago Vice President for National Laboratories
					
July 2018

						UChicago, Argonne scientists find atomic explanation for easing electrons’ paths
					
July 2018

						Oleo Sponge successful in real-world conditions off California coast
					
June 2018

						Array of Things project installs sensors to measure sound, weather and fan satisfaction
					
More Argonne News »
Videos

						Science and Sound
					

						Argonne National Laboratory - Energy Sciences Building dedication
					

						Argonne OutLoud: “Climate Change: Fact, Fiction and What You Can Do"
					

						‘High Stakes Science: Pushing Boundaries’ Teaser Video
					

						Water: Chicago in the 21st Century and Beyond
					

						"Invisible Influence: A Bacterial Guide to Your Health" Argonne OutLoud public lecture
					
More Argonne Videos »
The University of Chicago
5801 S Ellis Ave, Chicago, IL 60637

				P. (630) 252-2500 
F: (630) 252-5329

				© 2018 Argonne LLC UChicago
Argonne National Laboratory
About
Board of Governors
Staff
Science Policy Council
Stewardship
Contact Us

	$('.carousel').carousel({interval:6000});
