Voxtel
Technology. Experience. Innovation. Solutions.
Home
Products
About Voxtel
Resources
Contact
pho·ton·ics

[foh-ton-iks] 

Noun: the study and technology of the use of light for the transmission of information.
Learn More
op·to·e·lec·tron·ics 

[op-toh-i-lek-tron-iks] 

noun: electronics which deal with generating, transforming, transmitting, or sensing optical, infrared or ultraviolet radiation. 
Learn More
Vox·tel [voks-tehl]:

verb (always moving forward): leading developer, manufacturer, supplier of photonic and optoelectronic technologies; see also: innovators; experts.
Learn more
0
1
2
About Voxtel
Voxtel, Inc. is a leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of innovative photonic and advanced 3D imaging technologies; these include LADAR and LIDAR receivers, eye-safe laser rangefinders, “low noise, high gain” avalanche photodiode devices, and ROICs, which we provide to consumer, industrial, and military OEM system integrators. We are highly vertically integrated, with the in-house mastery of detectors, laser sources, readout circuits, optics, and electronics required to optimize performance at low cost. Our innovative products—developed efficiently and delivered on time—enable large, breakthrough opportunities for our customers.
Learn More
Latest News
Voxtel Receives DARPA ReImagine Program Award for Software Reconfigurable Imaging and Ranging Sensor for Autonomous Navigation and Military Imaging
July 25, 2017
Voxtel Inc. has been awarded the first phase of a potential $5.2 million contract by the U.S. Defense Advanced Research... 
Read more
View All
Voxtel Blog 
Laser Ranging—Technical Notes Available
November 19, 2018
Voxtel is releasing a series of technical notes on laser ranging: LRF Effective Range: The effective range of a laser... 
Read more
View All
What We Do
Detectors & Arrays
3D Ladar & Lidar Focal Planes and Instruments
Active and Active/Passive Roics
Photoreceivers
Laser Rangefinder Modules & Devices
 / 
Terms of Use
 / 
Privacy Policy
©2007—2018 Voxtel, Inc., All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
 / 
Terms of Use
Facebook
Twitter