xorg
/ 



Development


Edit
Page History
Repo Info
This page has general information on X development, including how to get started. 
A common misconception is that developers need to understand all of X to get started. This is not true, and even of the "core" developers, only few actually know all the pieces that put X together. The best way to get started is to simply pick a problem and give it a try. 
There is also a new book in the Amazon Kindle format, 
Hands-on Projects for the Linux Graphics Subsystem
. This includes a number of original projects on the X.Org implementation of the Linux graphics subsystem. The book is aimed for instructors, students and any other OS internals enthusiasts. 
Documentation
X New Developer’s Guide
: High level introduction to X and the surrounding graphics stack, and how to get started in developing for them.
Xplain: Explaining X11 for the rest of us
: Another introduction to X, with interactive examples - work in progress.
Glossary
: Various terms used in X, and what they mean. 
Building the X Window System
: For builders and developers working on the X.Org source tree 
Submitting patches
: How to submit a patch to an Xorg project. 
Making a release
: How to make an individual module release. 
Writing documentation
: How to document your work in X. 
X server source layout
: A map to the different directories in the X server source 
The devPrivates system
: All about the private storage system in the server. 
Wrapping functions
: How to add hooks to functions in the server. 
Grab processing
: How input grabs are dealt with in the server. 
Cursor handling
: Introduction into DIX cursor handling. 
Input event processing
: How input events are dealt with in the server. 
Security
: How to make use of the security facilities within X. 
Performance
: A fairly detailed document explaining what our performance problems actually are, and things that aren't performance problems at all. 
Xorg input driver HOWTO
: How to write an input driver for X.Org. 
How video cards work
: A conceptual overview. 
Xorg video driver HOWTO
: How to write a basic video driver for X.Org. 
Kdrive Drivers
: notes for making new kdrive video drivers 
Dri Wiki
: Information about using the Direct Rendering Infrastructure (DRI) with X. 
Multiseat
: Various informations about how to obtain and develop such model. 
Deprecated and obsolete
: Notes on deprecated and obsolete extensions and server-side stuff. 
More Xorg Documentation
: Some pointers from deep in the Wiki. This page should possibly be moved into Development/Documentation. 
Pointer acceleration
: information on the pointer accel mechanism. 
Tools
Using git
: Information on using git. 
Server debugging
: How to debug the X server with gdb. 
Server profiling
: How to profile the X server. 
Using ctags to find functions
: Some tips to find a function in vim. 
Using Eclipse
: Some tips to use Eclipse to develop X.Org. 
Various Projects
PciReworkHowto
: How to fix a video driver to use libpciaccess 
VgaArbiter
: Routing VGA instructions correctly. 
Xv2, Render API
: a long rambling discussion about giving Pictures GCs, and moving Xv to Render + RandR. 
X12
: a list of things we'd fix if we ever get around to a new version of the core X protocol 
Helping out
?
ContributionHOWTO
: How to get started contributing bug reports, patches, fixes, or even entire drivers. 
ToDo
: Things that need doing. 
Janitor
 Xorg Janitor project page 

Links:


DeveloperStart
Documentation
XorgDeveloperDocumentation

Last edited 
Thu 09 Jan 2014 08:49:30 PM UTC