Company History
IDEA
In 1998, Joseph Pandolfino founded Limited, (Century) to provide funding to North Carolina State University (NCSU) for a research and development collaboration on nicotine biosynthesis in the tobacco plant. Mr. Pandolfino asked the question: “Since coffee without caffeine and beer without alcohol are commercially available, why aren’t tobacco cigarettes without nicotine a choice for consumers?” Further, he hypothesized: “If it were possible to produce tobacco cigarettes without nicotine, couldn’t smokers use these extraordinary cigarettes to successfully quit smoking?”
paradox to be sure. Nonetheless, Mr. Pandolfino’s hypothesis stemmed from his careful observation of real smokers. As an importer of tobacco-free herbal cigarettes, Mr. Pandolfino learned that many consumers were using nicotine-free herbal cigarettes to successfully quit smoking. Anecdotal evidence suggested that this approach was particularly effective. The biggest problem with the novel “therapy” was the fact that herbal cigarettes have distinct taste and aroma characteristics which greatly limit their consumer appeal and acceptance.
Indeed, although various processes were developed to improve these nicotine-free herbal cigarettes, it became clear that their peculiar taste and aroma characteristics would never appeal to mainstream smokers. If, on the other hand, a tobacco cigarette without nicotine could be developed, Mr. Pandolfino believed a new cigarette category could prove an attractive product choice to all smokers. With this in mind, Mr. Pandolfino set out to investigate the feasibility of efficiently producing nicotine-free tobacco cigarettes.
Already Philip Morris had developed a process to extract nicotine from tobacco; however this process, similar to that of producing decaffeinated coffee, proved very costly. What’s more, these “denicotinized” or “denic” cigarettes (test-marketed from 1989 to 1991) simply did not taste good. Philip Morris concluded that within the denicotinization process, various other tobacco leaf compounds important to tobacco’s taste characteristics were extracted along with the nicotine. Denicotinization tobacco processes are not selective for nicotine and, according to Philip Morris, “resulted in a dramatic change in the taste of the original tobacco” ( Philip Morris 1994 ).
Therefore, Mr. Pandolfino concluded, the key to producing a cigarette with virtually no nicotine – that smokers would find acceptable – is the ability to grow tobacco plants whose intrinsic nicotine content is a tiny fraction of that found in conventional tobacco plants. This conclusion led Mr. Pandolfino on a journey to acquire and develop the know-how and technology, including intellectual property rights, to block nicotine biosynthesis in the tobacco plant through genetic engineering.
TECHNOLOGY
To this end, in 1997 Mr. Pandolfino met Dr. Mark Conkling, Director of the Biotechnology Programs at North Carolina State University. Dr. Conkling had recently cloned a key gene in the tobacco plant responsible for nicotine production. Dr. Conkling believed expression of this gene could be blocked to produce tobacco plants with virtually no nicotine. Mr. Pandolfino concurred and the result of their meeting was a successful 5-year research collaboration between and that resulted in a patented very low nicotine tobacco variety (Xie et al. 2004). This became the first genetically modified (GM) tobacco variety deregulated by the Animal Plant & Health Inspection Service (APHIS) of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA).
In 1999, exclusively sublicensed this proprietary technology and tobacco to Liggett Group, the fifth largest cigarette company in the United States, and shortly thereafter to other subsidiaries of Vector Group Ltd. ( Wall Street Journal 2001 ). In 2003, Vector Tobacco Inc., an affiliate of Liggett Group, marketed in eight states Quest®, a novel cigarette brand containing Century’s proprietary tobacco, to gather data for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval process of Quest® as a smoking cessation aid. Quest® also utilized Mr. Pandolfino’s product concept comprised of a series of cigarettes with the same “tar” yield but progressively reduced nicotine content for use in smoking cessation.
Also in 2003, the USDA, and in 2005, the Plant Breeders’ Rights Office of Canada granted plant variety protection (PVP) certificates for a very low nicotine tobacco variety developed at from funding by Century. has exclusive rights to this tobacco variety. Both the and Canadian certificates expire in 2023. certificate is a useful piece of intellectual property since it legally prevents others from growing the protected tobacco variety, and in the case of tobacco, from importing or exporting the subject tobacco leaf.
RESEARCH
In 2006, Vector Tobacco sponsored a multi-center Phase smoking-cessation clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of Quest® alone or in combination with nicotine replacement therapy ( Becker et al. 2008 ). This trial was performed under Vector’s Investigational New Drug Application (IND) filed with the in 2004. After conveying that it intended to proceed with Phase clinical trials, Vector Group Ltd.  announced  that Vector Tobacco was no longer pursuing approval of its smoking cessation aid in development. Accordingly, Century’s licenses to all affiliates of Vector Group Ltd. were terminated. Subsequently (in 2008) through binding arbitration, obtained rights to use and reference at the all data in Vector’s IND, including all results from the Phase clinical trial, relating to cigarettes containing Century’s proprietary tobacco. no longer has any type of relationship with Liggett Group or Vector Tobacco.
From 2005 to 2009, partnered again with and with other public institutions for further R&that included the cloning of additional nicotine biosynthesis genes: the Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Nara Japan (NAIST) and the National Research Council of Canada, Plant Biotechnology Institute, Saskatoon Canada (NRC). These contracted R&partners, NCSU, and NRC, were first to (i) clone the key nicotine biosynthesis genes and several transcription factor genes that regulate expression of all nicotine biosynthesis genes and (ii) demonstrate biochemical evidence of the function of these genes. The technology and exclusive related patent rights obtained from and are keystones of Century’s intellectual property, representing the company’s second-generation technology that has significant advantages over the earlier technology licensed to Liggett Group and Vector Tobacco. Furthermore, Century’s technology can be employed so that the resulting tobacco plants are not genetically modified (GM).
Century’s model of outsourcing R&to world-renowned plant biotechnology centers has enabled to maintain strict control of its R&costs, while providing the company broad access to large public institutions’ infrastructure and transdisciplinary expertise. As a result, has obtained exclusive rights to all key nicotine biosynthesis genes that can be regulated to produce viable commercial products with modified content of nicotine and tobacco-specific nitrosamines (TSNAs).
assigned various patent families to in 2010, including the technology. Also in 2010, a University of Minnesota clinical trial, led by Dr. Dorothy Hatsukami who is a member of FDA’s Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee known as  , demonstrated that Very Low Nicotine (VLNC) cigarettes (made exclusively with Century’s proprietary tobacco) used over a 6-week treatment period are effective for smoking cessation ( Hatsukami et al. 2010 ). also completed development of an improved cigarette to continue clinical trials with the company’s proprietary cigarettes for use in smoking cessation.
COMPANY
2011 was quite an eventful year for the company. In January, became a publicly traded company in conjunction with $5.4 million of private investment. Shares of Group, Inc. are traded under the stock symbol (American: XXII). received clearance for its Investigational New Drug (IND) Application in July and sponsored a Phase II-clinical trial for its  X-22 smoking cessation aid in development , a prescription-based smoking cessation aid consisting of a kit of Very Low Nicotine (VLNC) cigarettes. licensed Heracles Pharmaceuticals LLC, its pharmaceutical subsidiary, exclusive worldwide rights to X-22.
Other notable company events that occurred in 2011: entered into a 3-year R&agreement with University of Virginia, and Goodrich Tobacco Company, LLC, Century’s tobacco product subsidiary, introduced two super-premium cigarette brands into the market and delivered more than 9 million SPECTRUM® research cigarettes . SPECTRUM® was developed by for NIDA, a department of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and is strictly for independent research purposes.
AND… FUTURE!
© Group Inc. All Rights Reserved.Company Profile
is a plant biotechnology company with an important mission: To Reduce the Harm Caused by Smoking.
Our long-term focus is the research, development, licensing, manufacturing, and worldwide sales and distribution of our important products. Group’s proprietary genetic engineering technology and plant breeding expertise allow us to regulate the level of nicotine (and other nicotinic alkaloids) in the tobacco plant. As a result of our unique technology, we are able to grow tobacco with up to 97% less nicotine than conventional tobacco – as well as plants with relatively high nicotine levels. The applications for this technology are extraordinary; in independent clinical studies, our Very Low Nicotine Content (VLNC) tobacco has demonstrated remarkable efficacy as a smoking cessation aid. On the other hand, for smokers who do not wish to quit, our high nicotine tobacco enables us to produce a cigarette with what we believe is the world’s lowest tar-to-nicotine ratio.
We believe that the tobacco industry is at the beginning of a paradigm shift toward the development and commercialization of reduced-risk tobacco products which represent a significant step toward achieving the public health objective of harm reduction. Our 18 years of research and development on the tobacco plant, mainly on the nicotine biosynthetic pathway, uniquely positions us to become a major benefactor of this paradigm shift developing in the tobacco industry. Our technology has created, and will continue to develop, a pipeline of products. We are primarily involved in the following activities:
The international licensing of Ltd’s technology, proprietary tobaccos, and trademarks
The research and development of potentially reduced-risk or modified risk tobacco products
The development of X-22, a prescription-based smoking cessation aid consisting of very low nicotine cigarettes
The manufacture, marketing and international distribution of and proprietary cigarettes
The production of research cigarettes for the National Institute of Drug Abuse (NIDA)
The contract manufacturing of other companies’ branded tobacco products
Group is organized around the following wholly-owned operating subsidiaries:
Goodrich Tobacco is focused on commercial tobacco products and potentially less harmful cigarettes.
Botanical Genetics  is focused on natural, safe and effective cannabis/hemp-based products for human health, well-being and nutrition, in addition to industrial products refined from cannabis/hemp.
Heracles Pharmaceuticals  is focused on X-22, a prescription smoking cessation aid in development.
Products  is our manufacturing facility located in Mocksville, NC.
© Group Inc. All Rights Reserved.