Search for:
Home
Pharma
Brand Hub
Careers
Graduates
Continuing Education
Customer Testimonials
Distributors
News & Events
Our story
History
Our Values
Our Awards
Sponsorships
John Power Board of Directors
Publications
Respiratory Care
Technology
How does it work?
Research & Development
Inside
at Home
Products
Solo
Ultra
Pro
Pro-Controller
Controller
Continuous Nebulization Tube Set
Instruction Manuals (IM)
Treatment
ICU
ED
Wards
Paediatrics
Help Centre
Contact
to attend Arab Health Dubai 28-31 Jan
Learn More
to attend SRLF, Paris
Learn More
Accelerates Global Growth with Temasek Investment
Learn More
to attend ISICEM
Brussels, 19th – 22nd March
Learn More
Questions about Aerogen? Check out our Help Centre. 
Learn More
Better is Aerogen:
 High performance aerosol drug delivery
across the hospital for better patient care
Superior patient care starts with Ultra
Aerogen’s pioneering aerosol drug delivery technology is transforming emergency medicine in hospitals worldwide.
Compared to a standard small volume nebuliser (SVN);
32%
reduction in ED
 admission rates
1
37min
reduction in median
 length of stay
1
85%
achieved symptom
control with
2.5mg salbutamol
“We saw a decrease in admissions, an increase in discharge and a decrease in length of stay.”
1
Robert Dunne, MD
Download study poster
1 Dunne and Shortt Comparison of bronchodilator administration with vibrating mesh nebulizer and standard jet nebulizer in the emergency department. The American journal of emergency medicine. 2017
®
 Solo
Discover Better
®
 Ultra
Discover Better
Technology
Our unique palladium vibrating mesh technology, Vibronic®, is a breakthrough in aerosol drug delivery and is at the heart of all our products.
The central aperture plate is just 5mm in diameter and is perforated with 1000 precision formed holes, that vibrate at 128,000 times per second, to produce the optimum particle size for deep lung penetration.
Find out more
Customer’s Voice
“Meet Stephen Gaudet, known to his blog readers as Breathin Stephen. Stephen is 62 years old and from the San Francisco Bay Area of California.
We sat down with Stephen and had the chance to hear his story, his experience with Aerogen, and how he has benefited from  technology.”
Vote now for in the European Business Awards
Vote
Latest News & Events
Event
to attend Criticare Mumbai
Read more
News
now direct in the UK
Read more
Event
/ Nihon Kohden Symposium 24 Jan 2019
Read more
Event
to attend 2019
Read more
Careers at Find out more
Distributors
Over 6 million patients in 75 countries worldwide have benefited from our ground breaking aerosol technology.
Find Distributor
Home Page
Treatment
ICU
ED
Wards
Pediatrics
Our story
History
Our Values
Awards
Sponsorship
John Power, CEO
Board of Directors
News & Events
Technology
How does it work?
Research & Development
Inside
at Home
Distributors
Brand Hub
Chinese website
German website
French website
Careers at Graduates
Publications
Products
Solo
Ultra
Pro
Pro-Controller
Controller
Continuous Nebulization Tube Set
Pharma
Respiratory Care
COPD
Asthma
Cystic Fibrosis
Website Terms and Conditions
Cookies Policy
Website Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
US
OFFICES
© 2018. Website content is based on product intended use for markets. For requirements please consult specific Directions For Use.Over 6 million patients worldwide have benefited from our technology
Aerogen, the world leader in acute care aerosol drug delivery
is synonymous with the effective treatment of respiratory illness among patient groups of all ages playing a critical role in emergency departments and intensive care units in over 75 countries worldwide.
With a strong commitment to scientific excellence, invests heavily in research and development to evolve its pioneering product range and change the future of respiratory patient care.
2000
Merger of Cerus Medical with Inc. & on NASDAQ
2003
2005
2007
2008
2009
2011
Integrate their ground breaking technology with ventilators
2012
2013
Medical Technology Company of the Year Award and reach over 1 million patients
2014
2015
Winners of the Zenith Award and reach over 3 million patients worldwide
2016
John Power named European Entrepreneur of the Year. Zenith Award Recipients for 3rd time.
2017
Winners of the Zenith Award for the fourth time
Our Values
We take pride in the knowledge that every day, we are working for the greater good and well-being of respiratory patients worldwide.
The brand values underpin everything that we do and reflect Aerogen’s commitment to developing better technology to deliver better patient outcomes.
Expert
We are global leaders in high performance aerosol drug delivery. We apply our intelligence & expertise to create breakthroughs in new science for the greater good of patient care.
Mindful
We put patient’s needs at the heart of everything we do. It is our awareness and understanding of patient’s needs that allows us to take an holistic view of what’s required from in the marketplace.
Responsive
Our high performance ethos and dedication to the task in hand drives us to seek innovative solutions to complex problems that will ultimately deliver better patient care.
Our Awards
Irish Exporters Association (IEA)
Irish Medical Devices Association, Ireland and Enterprise Ireland
2011
Irish Engineering Awards
Sponsorships
values the humanitarian efforts of many Irish and international charities which is why the team is proud to give back and support these deserving charities:
Foundation Nepal
An Irish charity helping the most vulnerable in highly disadvantaged Nepalese communities to work their way out of poverty.
John Power, Aerogen, European Entrepreneur of the Year 2015/16
Serial Entrepreneur in a technology and innovation focused career spanning over 30 years, John has held executive level positions in R&D, Operations, Sales and General Management in both the and environment. During this period he has been a founder or co-founder of several ‘Blue Ocean’ technology start-ups the last three of these in the life-science sector.
John has led from start-up in 1997 through a merger, subsequent IPO, acquisition and in 2008. Today is recognized as a pioneer in high performance nebulisation and a global leader in ventilator / Hospital based aerosol drug delivery. Its award winning products are employed in over 75 countries throughout the world helping to provide life critical interventions from the emergency department through to the Aerogen’s proprietary technology permits proteins, peptides, suspensions and solutions to be nebulised paving the way for targeted drug delivery to the lung.
Since 2008 the company has grown revenues 30%+ year on year and in recognition of its export success was awarded the prestigious European Business Award Ruban d’Honneur in 2011 and again in 2016, where John was also named the European Entrepreneur of the Year.  was named the Irish Exporter of the Year 2014. In 2013, 2015 & 2016 received the highest award granted by the American Association of Respiratory Care, the Zenith Award, for ‘providing products and services that enable respiratory care physicians and therapists to achieve clinical excellence’. Also in 2013 was voted Irish Med-Tech Company of the year.
Chartered Engineer, John is recognized as a technology innovator and is credited with over a dozen commercialized International patents in products ranging from robotics to life-support ventilation. He holds an from Oxford Brookes University and as an Adjunct Lecturer at National University of Ireland Galway (NUIG), he guest lectures on his core business interests of Innovation Strategies and Technology Entrepreneurship.
He is a founder faculty member of the Bio-Innovate program (run in conjunction with Stanford University Bio-Design), an incubator unit that promotes entrepreneurial start-up’s in medical technologies where he has actively mentored several early stage companies. In 2016 in recognition of his contribution to the development of the Irish Medical Device sector John was conferred with an Honorary Doctorate by the National University of Ireland Galway.
John is a senior member of the Board of the Irish Medical Device Association where he has represented Ireland as an Industry expert in the European Competitive Council in Brussels. He previously served as a Board member of The Irish Research Council for Science, Engineering and Technology.
Dr Bernard Collins Chairman
As the chairman of Aerogen’s Board of Directors, Dr. Bernard Collins brings a wealth of business experience. He serves on the Board of Directors of several and Irish life-science companies. Prior to forming Lifemed, his consultancy company, Dr Collins served for 10 years as Vice President of International Operations at Boston Scientific Corporation and before this held senior executive positions in life-science companies including Baxter Corporation. His general management experience in the medical device and health care industry spans start-ups, turnarounds, leveraged buyouts and IPOs for both large and small businesses.
Dr Collins holds a Honors in Applied Industrial Psychology/Business from University College Cork, Ireland and an honorary Doctorate in Law from the National University of Ireland Galway. He is a recipient of the prestigious Gold Medal for Industry in recognition of his extraordinary contribution to the development of the biomedical industry in Ireland.
Dr Jane Shaw (US)
Dr Shaw currently serves as a member of the board of Aerogen. She also serves on the Board of Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital at Stanford and Grace Cathedral, in San Francisco. She was Director of Intel from 1993 until 2012 and served as Chairman of the Board from 2009 until 2012; she served on the Boards of McKesson from 1992-2014, and Yahoo from 2014- 2017
Dr. Shaw served as Chairman and of Aerogen, Inc., a specialty drug delivery company in Mountain View, California that developed drug-device combination aerosol products for patients with respiratory disorders from 1998-2005. Dr. Shaw served as President and of Corporation, a pharmaceutical company, from 1987 to 1994; she joined the company as a Research Scientist in 1970. She founded and led The Stable Network, a biopharmaceutical consulting company from 1994 to 1998 and has served on the Board of numerous private companies.
Dr. Shaw has received many honors and awards including the 2010 Outstanding Director Award and the Outstanding Woman of Silicon Valley in 2009; she was inducted into the Bay Area Business Hall of Fame in 2016. Ms. Shaw received an honorary Doctorate of Science from Worcester Polytechnic Institute, Worcester, Massachusetts in 1992.
Dr Shaw did postdoctoral research at the Worcester Foundation for Experimental Biology in Worcester, Massachusetts from 1964-1970 after obtaining a Ph.in Physiology from Birmingham University, England in 1964 and a Bachelor of Science in Physiology in 1961.
Charlie Mulligan
Charlie Mulligan has been involved in the company since inception, a member of the Board since 2007 and is currently Chair of the Remuneration Committee.
His experience spans a broad range of sectors,Life Sciences, and Telecommunications and has been an investor in, and served on the Board of several successful businesses. He has experience in Acquisitions, Start ups, Fund Raising, Company Restructuring and Divestment activities. His business interactions have spanned both European and geographies.
Qualifications, in addition to 40 + years industry experience include:
Electronics , Belfast Technical College.
Executive Programme Diploma, Darden School of Business, University of Virginia USA.
Ford Motor Company Executive Programme, London, UK.
Charlie has served as Director on the Board of the Government owned Telecommunications Company Telecom Eireann and was of Digital Equipment’s European Operations and a member of their European BOD.
Thomas Lynch
Thomas Lynch has extensive experience in life sciences and is Chair or Director of a number of biotechnology companies in the US, Ireland and He started his career at and then worked at Elan Corporation plc where he led its transition from drug delivery to biotechnology. He founded a company that became Warner Chilcott plc (acquired by Allergen plc) and was Chairman and Chief Executive of Amarin Corporation plc which he successfully repositioned as a cardiovascular company. Mr Lynch was a member of the board of Icon plc from 1994 to 2016 serving as Chairman from 2012 to 2016. He continues to serve as Chair of Amarin Pharmaceuticals Ireland Ltd., its principal operating subsidiary.
Mr Lynch currently serves as Chair of the Boards of Evofem Biosciences Inc, and Profectus Biosciences Inc and as a board member of Pharmaceuticals plc and Limited.
Mr Lynch is Chair of the Ireland East Hospital Group, the Mater Misericordiae University Hospital and the Dublin Academic Medical Centre. He served, at the invitation of the Minister for Health, as a member of the Expert Group on Resource Allocation in the Health Service.
Mr Lynch currently serves as Chair of Clinical Research Development Ireland (a consortium of Ireland’s medical schools) and as a member of the Advisory Board of the Institute of Human Virology, University of Maryland, Baltimore, USA.
Mr Lynch is a graduate in economics from Queen’s University Belfast and is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. He has received honorary doctorates from University College Dublin and Queen’s University Belfast and was appointed a knight of Saint Gregory by Pope Benedict XVI.
Steve Gannon
Steve Gannon was CFO, of Finance and Treasurer at Aptalis Pharma until its acquisition by Forest Laboratories in February 2014. Previously, Mr. Gannon was the of CryoCath Technologies, acquired by Medtronic in 2007. Prior to Cryocath, Mr. Gannon was Head of Finance and Administration of the Research Division of AstraZeneca Canada and of Mallinckrodt’s Canadian operations. Mr. Gannon serves on the board of Xenon Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq:XENE), as well as Laborie Medical Technologies and Engene, both private. He recently served on the board of Advanced Accelerator Applications, acquired by Novartis in January 2018.
Abhijeet Lele
Abhijeet Lele is a Managing Director at Temasek, a global investment firm based in Singapore. He previously served as Managing Director and Head of Healthcare Investing at Investor Growth Capital/Patricia Industries, leading their North American venture/growth equity and subsequently buyout efforts. Prior to joining IGC, Mr. Lele was a Managing Member of Healthcare Capital Partners, a healthcare investment firm. Previously, Mr. Lele was at McKinsey & Company, and held operating positions with Lederle Laboratories, Progenics Pharmaceuticals and Clontech Laboratories. Mr. Lele has served on numerous healthcare company boards, including CryoCath Technologies, Medarex and Aptalis Pharma.Our unique palladium vibrating mesh technology, Vibronic® is a breakthrough in aerosol drug delivery and is at the heart of all our products
Aerogen’s award winning technology with over 100 international
patents has made us the world leader in acute care aerosol drug delivery
Imagination and innovation are at the at the heart of what we do, driving us to design and create technology that delivers better patient treatment.
What we have achieved in our laboratories is award-winning precision targeted aerosol drug delivery that outperforms traditional systems.
Over 4.5  million patients in over 75 countries worldwide have benefited from our unique palladium vibrating mesh technology.
Our unique palladium vibrating mesh technology, Vibronic® is a breakthrough in aerosol drug delivery and is at the heart of all our products.
The central aperture plate is just 5mm in diameter and is perforated with 1000 precision formed holes, that vibrate at 128,000 times per second, to produce the optimum particle size for deep lung penetration.
Research & Development
Aerogen’s dynamic R&team are dedicated to the continuous improvement and development of aerosol drug delivery technology.
Innovation and creativity are at the core of every product development programme, while Aerogen’s structured 5 stage gate development process ensures that projects are executed in a methodical and cost effective manner.
Inside
is the preferred partner of choice for the world’s leading mechanical ventilation companies.
Philips
entered into an exclusive collaboration with Philips Healthcare for the development of the NIVO, customized for use, in non-invasive ventilation (NIV). The is designed for use with Philips oro-nasal facemask & provides patients with all the benefits of Aerogen’s aerosol drug delivery technology in an setting.
technology has been integrated into leading mechanical life support ventilators, including Carescape R860. Healthcare recognizes that technology adds value to their ventilator, offering their customers the most advanced aerosol drug delivery technology available in the critical care market.
MAQUET
As a trusted partner for hospitals and clinicians since 1838, is a global leader in medical systems that advance surgical interventions, cardiovascular procedures and ventilation in critical care. Choosing to work with Aerogen, Maquet incorporated Aerogen’s aerosol drug delivery technology into a customized module designed specifically for the SERVO-i, SERVO-u and SERVO-n. This one-touch module makes it even easier for the clinician to set up a patient on the Solo in the ICU.
Hamilton Medical
Hamilton Medical is a leading manufacturer of critical care ventilation solutions for a wide variety of patient populations, applications, and environments. Their innovative ventilation technologies combine with the most advanced aerosol drug delivery technology from to help you improve patient treatment.
The HAMILTON-C6 (pictured) and HAMILTON-S1/G5 offer an integrated module, which makes it even easier for the clinician to set up a patient with aerosol drug delivery in critical care facilities.  For more information, please visit the Hamilton Medical website: www.hamilton-medical.com
Covidien
is the global partner for many of the world’s leading ventilation companies including Covidien who supply “ready” ventilators to hospitals worldwide. “We are committed to improving lives through our innovative medical technologies and solutions. That’s why we partner with hospitals, health systems and healthcare providers so they can deliver the best care possible to patients and their families.”
Dräger
is the global partner for many of the world’s leading ventilation companies including Drager who supply “ready” ventilators to hospitals worldwide. “As an international leader in medical and safety technology, Dräger develops innovative equipment and solutions people the world over trust. No matter where Dräger products are used: it’s always about life. Whether for use in clinical, industrial or mining applications, in firefighting or rescue services, Dräger products protect, support and save lives.”
at Home
The Aeroneb® Go, distributed by Philips Respironics, uses Aerogen’s high performance palladium vibrating mesh technology for superior results.
It is a fast, efficient, simple-to-use device developed specifically for the millions of patients worldwide who require respiratory aerosol drug delivery therapy in and away from the home. The Aeroneb® Go can be used by pediatric as well as adult patients and is ideal for conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It can be used with a mouth piece or an aerosol mask.No matter what the respiratory illness, for mechanically ventilated or spontaneous breathing patients, has the appropriate aerosol drug delivery system for the effective treatment of your patients.
COPD
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) is one of the most serious lung diseases prevalent today affecting 65 million people worldwide.
From moderate chronic bronchitis to severe emphysema, covers a range of debilitating lung conditions that limit airflow to the lungs.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) recognises that bronchodilator medications are crucial for symptomatic management of and to effectively treat severe exacerbations of the disease. World Health Organisation Fact Sheet
Aerogen’s ground breaking technology and high performance aerosol drug delivery systems, the Solo & the Ultra, have resulted in improved patient breathlessness score and lung function¹.
6 times more medication delivered to patients lungs²
Improved patient response¹
Potential to reduce hospital admissions from the compared to a small volume nebulizer3
Quick & easy to set-up with no added flow
Improved patient response¹
Potential to reduce hospital admissions from the compared to a small volume nebulizer (3)
Quick & easy to set-up with no added flow
Every day, millions of lives worldwide are affected by asthma. Difficulties in breathing mean serious health concerns and challenge the daily activities of sufferers with this respiratory condition. Healthcare experts realise that this global epidemic needs effective medical treatment:
According to the World Health Organisation (WHO), asthma is a chronic disease affecting 235 million people worldwide
Cystic Fibrosis
The Ultra is ideal for the broad spectrum of medication including solutions, suspensions, proteins & peptides
Which medications can be delivered using Aerogen’s aerosol drug delivery technology?
Bronchodilators
Bronchodilators relax the muscle around your airways and are used to ease chest tightness. They can prepare your chest for chest physiotherapy or exercise by opening your airways.
Antibiotics
Antibiotics are used to treat, prevent and control infection. They should be taken after bronchodilators and chest physiotherapy.
Mucolytics DNase (Pulmozyme®)
DNase is used to make sputum thinner and easier to clear. It is normally prescribed once a day.
Osmotics
Hypertonic sodium chloride comes in different strengths; 3%, 6% or 7%. You may also know it as Nebusal® or Mucoclear®. It draws more water into the airways and sputum in the lung.
Corticosteroids
References
1. Cushen B, Alsaid A, Abdulkareem and Costello Pilot Study To Assess Bronchodilator Response During An Acute Exacerbation Of Using Vibrating Mesh Nebuliser Versus Jet Nebuliser For Bronchodilator Delivery. poster presentation. 2016. 2. Dugernier J, Hesse M, Vanbever R, Depoortere V, Roeseler J, Michotte JB, Laterre PF, Jamar and Reychler SPECT-Comparison of Lung Deposition using a System combining a Vibrating-mesh Nebulizer with a Valved Holding Chamber and a Conventional Jet Nebulizer: a Randomized Cross-over Study. Pharmaceutical research. 2017;34:290-300. 3. Dunne R, Short and Dailey Comparison of bronchodilator administration with vibrating mesh with adapter and jet nebulizer in the emergency department Open Forum Abstract. 2016. 4. Hickin S, Mac Loughlin R, Sweeney L, Tatham and Gidwani Comparison of mesh nebuliser versus jet nebuliser in simulated adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Poster at the College of Emergency Medicine Clinical Excellence Conference. 2014.