LET'STARTED
MODEL
REQUIRED
understand Models is not an agency.
Open the doors to your dreams with Models.
What is Modelling
Modelling is a role to either promote, display or advertise commercial products with the awareness of body image and confidence to pose for photographs, fashion shows, and video’s.
Place for Everyone
No matter what your height, age, size or race, there is a place for everyone in the modelling industry. All you need to do is determine what types of modelling you are best suited for and then go for it.
At Models, we will be behind you every step of the way. models provides ongoing model support services and assisting up-and-coming models throughout their journey over the years. We work with all level of prospective models offering guidance and support and put them in good stead to becoming signed by an agency or booking regular freelance work.
Why Choose Us?
 We specialise in working with new faces who have little knowledge of the modelling industry and we can train you to improve your posture, confidence and looks so that you look the absolute best in photo shoots.
 We support you with all your endeavours until you are working with an agency or as a freelancer.
 We’ll work with you to build a portfolio to suit your needs and budget. We evaluate your potential to work for the modelling industry and find the best niches as per your talent.
We’ll be there every step of the way! Our team will offer constructive feedback and advice to guide you in the right direction. We’ll listen to what would like from your career and do everything that we can to make it happen.
We are the well-resourced model support services in the providing information and practical help to upcoming models since 1999.
MODELS!
Previous
We had modelling portfolio shoot at Models. brought my son here for a photoshoot, and can tell you now… it is a beautiful place! The staffs are pro’s and their photos that they took looked amazing. My son and are very pleased with our day at the studio.
PEOPLE
- ФИЛИППОВА, Model
The modelling industry is extremely competitive, so it wasn’t a surprise that didn’t make it this time. They took the time to personally go over my portfolio and give a proper explanation to me. They actually care. know will keep coming back to this one when will update my portfolio next year. Thank you guys for everything. am ready to kick start.
& ADVICE
- JOSEPH, Model / London
It was an amazing photo shoot, couldn’t ask for my first modelling to be better. Just grateful for both the makeup artist and especially for the photographer guidance and being so nice. Can’t wait to have another portfolio with them.
MODELS
- NAGY, Model
am a hobby model and photographer. When went to the models Modelling to do my portfolio for my job had a nice service, from the person who did my arrangement with the team till with the person who actually took the pictures being really helpful. If you are looking for a good place where the good work and a great quality is important than this is your place.
PEOPLE
- JUDITH, Model
enjoyed the experience, the staff there are really nice and they make you feel comfortable, the photographers were professional and really knew what they were doing and the pictures did come out looking great. will recommend to anyone there services.
JOB
- SWIT, Model
We had modelling portfolio shoot at Models. brought my son here for a photoshoot, and can tell you now… it is a beautiful place! The staffs are pro’s and their photos that they took looked amazing. My son and are very pleased with our day at the studio.
PEOPLE
- ФИЛИППОВА, Model
The modelling industry is extremely competitive, so it wasn’t a surprise that didn’t make it this time. They took the time to personally go over my portfolio and give a proper explanation to me. They actually care. know will keep coming back to this one when will update my portfolio next year. Thank you guys for everything. am ready to kick start.
& ADVICE
REGISTERED?
Become a Model, by registering with Models we will give you all the advice and tips on how to give yourself the best chance to get into modelling – whether you’re aiming to sign with an agency or go freelance. Models will advise you on how to give yourself the edge. We will help you to select images that show you at your best and teach you how to build your portfolio andapproach modelling agencies professionally.
©1999 – 2018 Models.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More
Privacy & Cookies PolicyWe nurtures anyone dreaming of becoming a model and you to discover your true model self, to train to become the model you have dreamt to be, and to develop with us all the tools you will need to succeed in modelling industry.
NOW
understand Models is not an agency.
What Models Do?
We can provide advice and support Child modelling, Male, Female and other specialties of modelling. Models is here to help you shift through all the information available with regards to becoming a model. Our team will assess your needs and steer you in the right direction. Whether you are pursuing modelling as a full time career or part- time job, Models London will give you the right guidance. We maximize your chances of succeeding in the industry by advising you on how to present yourself, helping you to get contacts and finally teaching you how to land those all important contracts and bookings.
We are able to help you in the early stages of your modelling career by giving you the resources needed to get signed by a reputable agency or to go freelance. At Models London we offer completely independent advice and support for aspiring models.
Register with us today to become a model confidently.
We are not a modelling agency but are the team that nurtures you in the competitive industry. We offer practical solutions to the models of tomorrow. If you are an established model but want to improve the quality of your work and the traction that you get from brands, we are also the perfect step towards a better future.
We can help you define your name and develop your personal brand so that the offers come floating your way.
We recognise the diverse ethnicities and sizes and help you find more positive jobs that accept people on the basis of their qualities.
At Models, we provide honest advice determining whether you have what it takes to become a professional model. We understand that not every dream can be fulfilled but we will make sure you choose the right dream to live with.
The Bitter Truth
Millions of young people get into the modelling industry and try to build a name of themselves in this competitive industry. Only a handful succeed and others drift away into the crowd. This happens primarily because they don’t know if they have what it takes.
Sign up now and the recognisable patterns can help you to succeed in the industry.
We help you analyse all the pre-requisites like skills, looks and finances before taking the decision.
We help you identify your true talent and the niche that you will be suitable for.
Create a professional portfolio with expert opinion that leaves a lasting impact on the casting agents.
Pursue your dream of modelling and nail it with your preparedness.
Want to Be a Model
Having a pretty face doesn’t necessarily mean you have what it takes to make it as a model.
There are so many more factors involved in being a successful model. The first is being realistic about what type of modelling you will suit.
For example a client looking to book a model for a catwalk show will be looking for someone totally different to a client booking a model for a catalogue.
There is no right or wrong look it is about deciding what category of modelling your face and body would suit. Just as fashion trends change so do trends for models. The great thing about this means that model agencies are always looking for something different so don’t be disheartened if your look is not similar to the girls you currently see in fashion magazines.
About Us
We’re not a modelling agency as we do not match models with work but our aim is to help you get there! Models provides model support services, assisting up-and-coming models throughout their modelling careers. We nurture anyone dreaming of becoming a model and you to discover your true model self, to train to become the model you have dreamt to be, and to develop with us, all the tools you will need to succeed in modelling industry.
Why Us
For over many years we have worked with a diverse range of prospective models to help build strong portfolios, offering guidance and support that will put them on the right track to becoming either signed by an agency or booking regular freelance work.
The Reality
Not everyone can become a celebrity but we’re all stars in our own right, right? That’s why we’re committed to giving you honest and constructive feedback.
REGISTERED?
Become a Model, by registering with Models we will give you all the advice and tips on how to give yourself the best chance to get into modelling – whether you’re aiming to sign with an agency or go freelance. Models will advise you on how to give yourself the edge. We will help you to select images that show you at your best and teach you how to build your portfolio andapproach modelling agencies professionally.
©1999 – 2018 Models.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More
Privacy & Cookies PolicyWho is Alpha Fashion Models (Models)?
Alpha Fashion Models (Models) is not a modelling agency. We are the leading source of modelling advice and have a full time team of consultants and scouts ready to help you take your first steps into modelling. Models is staffed by industry professionals and have links to major agencies and photography studios around the country. If you think you have what it takes to compete in modelling industry, if you are driven enough, then get in touch with Models and start your modelling journey today. Here are some reviews from models we helped and who got signed to reputable agencies.
If you are interested in becoming a model, register on the Models website and submit your photos. We will appraise them and get in touch with you about your next few steps.
Alpha Fashion Models (Models) has many years’ experience working with models and know all about the modelling industry and how it works. So, we’re in a good position to give advice on whether a model needs a website or not.
As with many things, the answer is… It depends.
If you are signed to an agency, then it can be a good idea to have your own website to go along with the listing you’ll have on their site, but it isn’t quite so central to your career as if you’re freelance, and you’ll have to check with your agency whether you’re allowed to have a website to promote yourself. Some modelling agencies, particularly if you have an exclusive contract with them, may prefer it if you didn’t and the last thing you want to do is put that relationship in jeopardy.
However, if you are a freelance model, then having your own website is critical. It’s a showcase of your talents and a great place for potential clients to find you, or to go to find out a little bit more about you, your experience and skills.
Remember, any old website will not do. The quality of your website will reflect directly onto you. So if you have a shoddy, obviously home-made website with poor quality pictures that are stretched out of proportion then you will come across as amateur and will be unlikely to get any work offers.
On the other hand, if your website looks like the real deal, with a nice gallery of good quality photos as your portfolio, clear, well written description of your and your experience working as a model, and all kind of other useful information – such as whether you can travel, whether you’re willing to do nude etc., then it will demonstrate to the visitor that you know your stuff and what it means to be a professional model.
If you want to learn more about how to become a model, then register on the Alpha Fashion Models (Models) website.
How to join a modelling agency by Models
Modelling agencies get hundreds of applications from aspiring models, so how can you make sure you give yourself the best chance of being noticed and signed?
Choose your agency carefully
These days there are many different types of modelling and many different types of modelling agencies to meet all those requirements. The largest agencies will cater for everything from fashion shows to catalogues to commercials on an international basis, but smaller agencies will specialise and may be a better bet, especially if you don’t have classic model looks, aren’t so tall or are looking for alternative or body part modelling.
Read the guidelines
You might be surprised how many people don’t read the modelling agencies’ guidelines. This is just a silly mistake that can be easily avoided, and if you’re careful to make sure you follow their guidelines you can save yourself a lot of wasted effort and rejection.
Most modelling agencies will specify if they work with males and females and what ages. Also, if they have minimum requirements such as height. Ignore their guidelines at your peril!
Use decent quality photos to apply
All genuine modelling agencies will ask you to send a snapshot that they can assess to see if they want to meet you for an interview to see if they’d like to sign you to their books. While you don’t have to spend a fortune on these pictures, if you send in something in bad light taken on your mobile phone, they’re likely to throw them out without looking properly. So, try to get access to a decent camera (and someone who knows how to use it), and make sure the pictures are taken in good light (preferably natural light) and show you clearly and looking relaxed.
©1999 – 2018 Models.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy