Home
About Working with Working with Whether you are in government, academics, or industry, regards you as a respected colleague working in close collaboration to meet the  bio-analytical measurement challenges of today and tomorrow.
Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct
 and 
Compliance Hotline
Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct
 guides our employees on how to conduct themselves with uncompromising integrity, requiring ethical conduct and compliance with the law. If you feel these standards have not been met, or if you have any questions , please contact 
Agilent's Compliance Hotline
.
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
is committed to conducting its business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner. Find additional information on Agilent's environment and social responsibility policies, expectations of suppliers, Management System, and more at 
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
.
Quality Policy & Resources
Agilent's Quality Policy is to earn customer loyalty by providing products and services of the highest quality and greatest value.  To find out about Agilent's Quality Policy, Business Management System, certifications, Take Back Program, and more, go to 
Quality Policy & Resources
.
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great strategic importance. Find information on supplier performance expectations, quality requirements, information and more at 
Supplier Relationship
.
Government Information
Find out about Agilent's United States Government business and General Services Administration (GSA) contracts at 
Government
. offers pricing to qualifying Government customers.
University Relations
builds relationships with universities to recruit top talent college hires, as well as to develop research collaborations through employee participation on campuses as research program and Ph.fellowship mentors. Find out more at 
University Relations
.
Working with Overview
Standard of Business Conduct
Compliance Hotline
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
Quality Policy & Resources
Supplier Relationship
Government
University Relations
Overview
Thought Leader Program
University Research
The Early Career Professor Award
FAQApproximately ~14,200 employees
is a significant player in the analytical and diagnostic measurement business.  We are a team of ~ 14,200 employees spread around the world. is truly a Global company that derives significant business from the 3 major geographies.  This is reflected in our placement of sales offices, logistic centers and business facilities around the world and  enables us to ensure the delivery of high quality solutions to our customers.
Our People
Approximately ~14,200 employees
is a significant player in the analytical and diagnostic measurement business.  We are a team of ~ 14,200 employees spread around the world. is truly a Global company that derives significant business from the 3 major geographies.  This is reflected in our placement of sales offices, logistic centers and business facilities around the world and  enables us to ensure the delivery of high quality solutions to our customers.
Our People
Markets
is a leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets. The company provides laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise, enabling customers to gain the insights they seek. Agilent’s expertise and trusted collaboration give them the highest confidence in our solutions.
focuses its expertise on six key markets, where we help our customers achieve their goals:
Food: helps ensure that our global food supply is free of contaminants—whether chemical, viral, bacterial or microbiological. Our customers include government regulators and labs that control food safety, as well as private companies that produce, package and sell food to the public.
Environmental and Forensics: From pesticides to pharmaceutical residues to trace metals, we provide fast, accurate and sensitive methods for monitoring contaminants affecting quality of life. solutions also play an important role in law enforcement by providing robust tools and instruments to analyze and verify evidence at trial, and keeping the world’s top-performing athletes.
Pharmaceutical: has one of the broadest solutions portfolios of any company serving the pharmaceutical industry. Our solutions provide precise answers for every segment of the pharmaceutical industry, from disease research and drug discovery to drug development, manufacturing and quality control. The start-to-finish solution set means customers can get products to market faster. Customers trust us to help them test the purity of their therapeutics. also ensures that their instruments and processes conform to the highest compliance.
Diagnostics: gives doctors a head start in the fight against cancer and other diseases. Our solutions help pathology laboratories deliver fast, accurate information to the doctors, hospitals and medical centers they serve. We help medical professionals make more accurate diagnoses so patients can receive the most effective therapies.
Chemical and Energy: The world runs on energy, and energy companies need to locate, extract and refine fuels efficiently and cost-effectively. Our solutions help customers maximize their production and predict failures in their refineries before they happen. also helps energy researchers investigate biofuels, renewable fuels and other forms of alternate energy.
Research: Most life sciences and diagnostics research is done at top-tier universities, with funding from governments around the world. is helping these researchers learn more about cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, autism and other ailments. Our instruments, software and sample preparation solutions help scientists conduct faster, more accurate research.
Read about the products and solutions that serve these markets. Discuss your laboratory needs with an expert .
Senior Executives and Officers
Download Orgchart (44KB, PDF)
Research Laboratories
The purpose of Research Laboratories is to power Agilent’s growth through breakthrough science and technology.
To complement our product line R&D, Labs looks beyond the evolution of current products and platforms to create the that will underlie tomorrow’s breakthroughs, enabling customers to answer questions at the leading edge of life science, diagnostics and the applied markets. Our horizon is broad, encompassing synergies across and seeding new businesses to create competitive differentiation and compelling value for current and future customers and shareholders.
To accomplish these goals, we attract and retain top technical talent, collaborate extensively with global research leaders in academia, government and industry, and promote a culture of innovation and teamwork across our highly multi-disciplinary staff of life scientists, physical scientists and engineers. The majority of our research is located in the United States in Santa Clara, California, with additional locations in Europe and Asia.
Brands
Each of the brands in our portfolio is a hallmark of Agilent's innovation and commitment to customer success. Through superior precision, performance, reliability, and insight, the products, services and solutions behind our brands deliver on Agilent’s promise to provide trusted answers to our customers’ most critical questions and challenges.
Culture
Agilent’s culture is based on innovation; trust, respect and teamwork; and uncompromising integrity. Added to these are speed, focus and accountability to meet customer needs and create a culture of performance that draws on the full range of people's skills and aspirations.
is regularly recognized by external organizations for its culture as well as its practices around processes and people.
History
was created when it spun off from Hewlett-Packard Company in 1999. Since then the company has won hundreds of awards for innovations and has earned even more patents for its inventions. More important is that the number of customers we serve grows each year — another reminder of the power of our partnership.Protecting the people who protect us
Protecting the people who protect us
Around the world, first responders and  counter-terrorism officers are dealing with an ever-increasing number of incidents.  key problem faced by these teams is the identification of unknown substances discovered  at a scene. Any such substance could pose a threat to both nearby individuals and  the general public. It is critical to make a quick and accurate identification before  further escalation.
People on the front line include hazmat teams managing  chemical spillages and "white powder" incidents, narcotics teams assessing a potential  clandestine laboratory, bomb squads responding to suspect packages in a public  place, and customs officials screening parcels for controlled substances.
Handheld chemical identification
number of are routinely used for unknown chemical identification. Handheld Raman spectroscopy systems have been used extensively in hazmat, security and counter-terrorism applications for more than a decade. The majority of systems on the market are able to identify unknown chemicals either by a direct line-of-sight or when the material is contained within thin, transparent bottles and plastic bags. However, the scope of these detectors is limited because they cannot identify samples contained within thick, opaque or colored packaging. The container must be disturbed in order to collect a sample. This decreases operational efficiency and increases the risk of hazardous material exposure to the operator and the public.
Identifying  hazardous materials through unopened opaque containers
Figure 1. hazmat officer identifies the contents of a yellow palm oil container.
Cobalt Light Systems - now part of - introduced  the Resolve handheld Raman system in March 2016. Resolve uses spatially offset Raman spectroscopy  (SORS), a new-generation technique that identifies unknown hazardous and  contraband materials inside unopened opaque containers such as colored  plastics, dark glass, paper, card, wrapping, sacks and fabrics. significantly  increases the scope of real-world samples that can be tackled by first  responders. The Resolve system identifies substances from comprehensive libraries  including explosives, toxic industrial chemicals, chemical warfare agents, and narcotics & new psychoactive substances. Examples include (a sensitive explosive  used in many recent terrorist attacks) and fentanyls (synthetic opioids that  are hundreds to thousands of times more potent than morphine).
Figure 2. Identifying the contents of a package through multiple layers of plastic.
Resolve’s unique capability enables operators to  identify a container’s contents without compromising the integrity of the  packaging in any way. Materials are identified quickly and with no risk of releasing  unknown chemicals. Potentially sensitive materials (e.g. explosives) remain  undisturbed, evidence is preserved, and time spent by first responders in the  "hot zone" (in protective gear) can be used more efficiently.
Resolve is already deployed worldwide in hazmat  response, customs screening, investigation, security, counter terrorism and  policing, as well as military applications (CBRN, and counter-IED(1)).
References
Find out more:
acquired Cobalt Light Systems, an Oxford UK-based Raman spectroscopy company, in July 2017.
Cobalt's and are used  for handheld chemical identification, airport security liquids screening and  pharmaceutical quality control.