About About (NASDAQ: ALXN) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing therapies.
Since its founding in 1992, has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. But we know that fighting rare diseases takes so much more than hope. It requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation.  At Alexion, our goal is to deliver medical breakthroughs where none currently exist. We are driven because we know people's lives are at stake.
has 2,500 passionate and dedicated employees serving patients in 50 countries around the world.
Our breakthrough Therapies
Through the transformative power of our science, has delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
developed Soliris® (eculizumab), the world's first approved terminal complement inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH), atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), and anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders—Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) and Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D).
Our Future
Alexion’s ambition is to be the global leader in rare diseases. By leveraging our 20+ years of expertise in complement biology and our capabilities in hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders, we will bring additional life-changing therapies to patients and redefine what it means to live with a rare disease. Our legacy will be measured in the families we serve today and the generations that follow.
© 2018 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Timeline: Commitment to Breakthrough Innovation
Since our founding in 1992, has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. We have remained steadfast in our pursuit of groundbreaking innovation, and have delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible. Here are some of the milestones throughout our history.
Company Milestone Product Milestone Awards and Recognition
2018
ULTOMIRIS™ is approved in the for the treatment of adult patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH).
acquires Syntimmune, a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing antibody therapeutics targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)
and Dicerna partner to discover and develop interference (RNAi) therapies for complement-mediated diseases
moves its global headquarters to Boston, Massachusetts. The Company’s world-class complement research and process development teams remain in the New Haven Center of Excellence
and Complement Pharma partner to co-develop pre-clinical complement inhibitor for neurodegenerative disorders
acquires Wilson Therapeutics, strengthening its pipeline and expanding its focus on metabolic and neurologic disorders
is named one of the World's Most Innovative Companies by Forbes consecutively from 2012 to 2018
Alexion’s data sciences work contributes to Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine scientists’ achievement of new RECORDS™ title for fastest genetic diagnosis
2017
Soliris® (eculizumab) is approved in the and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive and in the European Union for the treatment of refractory generalized gin adult patients who are anti-Achantibody-positive.
celebrates its 25th anniversary
Alexion’s Center of Excellence (New Haven, CT) receives Platinum Certification
Appoints Ludwig Hantson, Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer
celebrates its 10th anniversary of serving patients with PNH, and the approval of Soliris® (eculizumab)
2016
Kanuma® is approved as a treatment for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) in Japan
receives 2016 Rare Impact Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) and is named as Industry Innovation Honoree for the Company’s work in bringing Strensiq® and Kanuma® to market
Kanuma® receives 2016 German Prix Galien Award in the Orphan Product category
Science names as a Top Employer in both 2015 and 2016
initiates two Phase 3 clinical trials of ALXN1210 in complement inhibitor treatment-naïve patients with and aHUS, and receives for ALXN1210 for the treatment of patients with from the EC
moves into its new global corporate headquarters in New Haven, Connecticut
2015
Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) is approved as a treatment for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) in the U.S., EU, Japan and Canada
Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) is approved as a treatment for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) in the and EU
acquires Synageva BioPharma, strengthening its pipeline and establishing a metabolic franchise with the addition of Kanuma as a potential treatment for LAL-D
opens new headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland
is named one of Fortune Magazine’s Fastest Growing Companies in 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015
2014
Soliris® receives orphan drug designation (ODD) for multiple potential indications:
Prevention of delayed graft function (DGF) in renal transplant patients from the FDA, and prevention of after solid organ transplantation from the EMA
Treatment of refractory myasthenia gravis (MG) from the and EMA
initiates multinational registration trials of eculizumab as a potential treatment for patients with NMO, and DGF
Connecticut Magazine names one of the top workplaces in the state in both 2010 and 2014
2013
Asfotase alfa receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the for the treatment of HPP
Soliris® is approved as a treatment for patients with ain Japan
Soliris® receives orphan drug designation (ODD) for the treatment of neuromyelitis optica (NMO) from the and EMA
2012
acquires asfotase alfa, the first potential treatment for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP)
New England Journal of Medicine publishes data from Phase 2 study of asfotase alfa in
life-threatening HPP
is added to the S&500 Index of leading global companies
presented with the Partners in Progress Award from the National Organization for Rare Diseases (NORD)
2011
responds to a historic public health crisis in Germany and provides Soliris® without charge to hundreds of patients with life-threatening Shiga toxin coli-related hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS)
The and the approve Soliris® as the first and only treatment for adult and pediatric patients with aHUS
2010
Green Building Council (USGBC) twice recognizes with Certification Awards for constructing, operating and maintaining interiors that meet the highest green building and performance standards
2009
Soliris® receives the Prix Galien France Award for Drugs for Rare Diseases
2008
Soliris® is first used as a treatment for patients with atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) in France and Germany
Soliris® receives the Prix Galien Award for Best Biotechnology Product
2007
Soliris® (eculizumab) receives approval from the and European Medicines Agency (EMA) as the first and only treatment for patients with PNH
honored with the Corporate Leadership Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)
earns the Award of Excellence from Connecticut United for Research Excellence (CURE)
2005
establishes operations in Europe by opening an office in Paris, France
Second pivotal Phase 3 study of eculizumab in patients with begins (SHEPHERD)
2002-2004
Pilot study with eculizumab commences in Leeds, England in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH)
New England Journal of Medicine publishes positive results from pilot study of eculizumab in 11 patients with PNH
First pivotal Phase 3 study of eculizumab commences in patients with (TRIUMPH)
1996-1998
First in-human clinical trial of eculizumab begins
1992-1994
C5 complement inhibitor development program commences
First pilot manufacturing facility is established in New Haven, CT, USA
US/ULT-PNH/0016
© 2018 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.(NASDAQ: ALXN) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing therapies.
Since its founding in 1992, has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. But we know that fighting rare diseases takes so much more than hope. It requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation.  At Alexion, our goal is to deliver medical breakthroughs where none currently exist. We are driven because we know people's lives are at stake.
has 2,500 passionate and dedicated employees serving patients in 50 countries around the world.
Our breakthrough Therapies
Through the transformative power of our science, has delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
developed Soliris® (eculizumab), the world's first approved terminal complement inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH), atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), and anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders—Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) and Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D).
Our Future
Alexion’s ambition is to be the global leader in rare diseases. By leveraging our 20+ years of expertise in complement biology and our capabilities in hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders, we will bring additional life-changing therapies to patients and redefine what it means to live with a rare disease. Our legacy will be measured in the families we serve today and the generations that follow.
© 2018 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.