Video Introduction to Biodico at Red Rock Ranch - Five Points, California
Zero Waste - Bangkok, Thailand
Jardín Botánico José Celestino Mutis - Bogota, Colombia
Commissioning PP20's - Headquarters, Berkeley, California
Powering 2013 Verge Conference - San Francisco, California
Kakata, Liberia
Workshop - Berkeley, California
See them in person at our Open House Thursday, November 9th, 5-7pm in Berkeley, CA
is the global leader in small-scale gasification. We make biomass gasifier generators that are ready for everyday work, to serve real world distributed energy needs.
Our Pallet and Powertainer  are a new category of energy device. They combine the best usability features of diesel generators, with the clean running of typical renewables, with the potential for a carbon negative impact.
Our project started in 2008 with the open source Gasifier Experimenter’s Kit (GEK), supporting research, education and hacking in biomass thermal conversion.  Seven years later the has evolved into the Pallet , a full solution for commercial generation via biomass. Today you can find our systems at work in dozens of countries around the world, and supporting research in over 50 universities.
With products, you can generate on-demand for 1/4 the operating cost of diesel, at 1/2 the capital cost of solar.  And while saving money, you can shrink your carbon footprint and contribute positively to global efforts against climate change.
Getting Energy and Climate Right
The stakes in getting energy and climate right are daunting. The shear volume of carbon we’ve dug up from ancient reservoirs since industrialization and returned to contemporary circulation is difficult to get the mind around–we’ve collected some of the details here . So far we’ve mostly been able to ignore the consequences of this tomb robbing, as the temperature rise from CO2 accumulation lags by decades, if not centuries.
Carbon Negative Machinery: Today and Future
The process of gasification is an incomplete one, and the leftover “waste” our equipment produces from making energy is a stable form of carbon known as ‘biochar.”  Sequestering this carbon is what makes biomass gasification net carbon negative energy production.
While today’s Pallets produce a relatively smamount of biochar byproduct (around 5% of input mass), it is still enough for carbon negativity in the fuel cycle. The round rule of thumb numbers are as follows:
1 tonne of dry biomass in produces about 1Mw/hr of electricity and 50kg of carbon byproduct.
50kg of raw carbon once recombined with O2 is the equivalent of 185kg of CO2 in the atmosphere. (mass x 3.67 = mass CO2)
1 tonne of biomass input to the gasifier can soil-sequester the equivalent of 0.185 CO2 tonnes in the atmosphere.
Avoided CO2 emissions from not burning fossil fuel in the process are added to the wins above.
Future machines will introduce features that enable increased biochar yield of up to 15-20% of input mass, while still co-generating electricity. For now we are just using the post hearth char. You can learn more about our carbon analysis here . You can also read fantastic coverage of the run up to COP21 in The Guardian . And for an extraordinary insider’s perspective, we’re really enjoying the blog Winning the Carbon War by Jeremy Leggett .
 ON-DEMAND, AFFORDABLE, CARBON-ENERGY
Translate »Wood gas, Syngas, Biogas, Producer Gas
Gasification is the use of heat to transform solid biomass or other carbonaceous solids into a synthetic “natural-gas-like” flammable fuel.  Through gasification, we can convert nearly any dry organic matter into a clean burning fuel that can replace fossil fuel in most use situations. Whether starting with wood chips or walnut shells, construction debris or agricultural waste, gasification will transform common “waste” into a flexible gaseous fuel you can use to run your internal combustion engine, cooking stove, furnace or flamethrower.
Sound impossible?
Did you know that over one million vehicles in Europe ran onboard gasifiers during to make fuel from wood and charcoal, as gasoline and diesel were rationed or otherwise unavailable?  Long before there was biodiesel and ethanol, we actually succeeded in a large-scale, alternative fuels redeployment– and one which curiously used only cellulosic biomass, not the oil and sugar based biofuel sources which famously compete with food.
This redeployment was made possible by the gasification of waste biomass, using simple gasifiers about as complex as a traditional wood stove. These small-scale gasifiers are easily reproduced (and improved) today by enthusiasts using simple hammer and wrench technology.
Our goal at is not only to show you how to do it, helping to upgrade the engineering and deployment solutions to something befitting the digital age, but to deploy waste biomass gasification at an industrial scale capable of actually having an impact on our energy and climate crises.
Today, our products integrate we have learned from these historic efforts with our experimentation and engineering developments, creating real solutions to a critical global problem.
Gasifier
Translate »The Company
designs, engineers, and manufactures biomass gasification energy platforms.  We create physical tools and information resources for people to be able to make and use renewable energy.
We believe that a bottom up, participatory ecology in energy is just as possible as it has been in computing. And we expect the impact of such creative self-determination in energy will be no less transforming than has been in digital realms.
The team is an unusual combination of experienced, hands-on fabricators and university-trained scientists and engineers. Imagine a mash up of the Bay Area California art/tech underground with Phd techies from Stanford and The result is a powerful combination of technical ability and physical know how for building real things in the real world.
We are a group not enamored with designy concepts and dead-end demonstration projects. Rather, we focus on that which can be effectively built and deployed, immediately and in volume, with broad impact and relevance.
Eight years after our founding we’ve grown to 35 full time employees, and support full engineering, design for manufacturing, and production manufacturing capabilities.  Our facility is located in Berkeley California.  You are welcome to visit next time you are in town.
For additional info on the team, see: http://www.allpowerlabs.com/people/apl-staff , and as always please feel free to Contact Us.
Translate »Partners Wanted For Waste To Energy Project Trials
You likely already know that APL’s technology provides significant value in the areas of waste management and renewable energy, while also making substantial contributions in the fight against climate change. Turning green waste into energy is a win-win-win solution. As pointed out in an article this week in The Guardian, “Agricultural waste, which would otherwise be a major source of greenhouse gas emissions if burnt, could instead be turned into a biochar – a process that produces more energy than it consumes – and the biochar could then be used to enrich agricultural soils with carbon. Research suggests that biochars not only boost crop yields , but could lock away carbon for several thousand years .”  With recent significant improvements to our technology, we believe the value proposition is now stronger than ever.
However,  you may also know that biomass gasification isn’t yet as easy to finance as solar, which is a barrier to scaling and realizing the full value of the technology. So, to make our solution more accessible, we’re now offering turnkey waste-to-energy (WTE) services, wherein or its affiliates will own and operate the equipment at your location. You would not be responsible for the capital cost of the equipment, and- because we can dispose of waste and generate energy more cheaply that other technologies- our fees would simply come from the waste management and electricity use savings from using our services. There’s also an option to provide onsite heating and cooling as well, if needed.
This fee-for-service model provides a simple solution that offsets both waste management and consumption costs for customers. The compact, modular, and turn-key design of the Pallet enables us to scale the service as needed. Projects will be operated in a net metering situation similar to solar, but would have the additional value streams of biomass waste processing and provision of heat and cooling services, not to mention the flexibility of having mobile units.
We plan to start offering our service model here in Northern California, then across the state, then wherever there’s a good fit. We are targeting the first installations to begin producing in the Bay Area in the second half of 2017. This pilot program will also be used to refine the business model in preparation for general release in 2018.
This work is being enabled in part with strong support from the state of California; the California Energy Commission has awarded us $3in grants in recent months to continue to refine our products , making them more efficient and easier to use.
The need for this kind of solution clear: climate change is causing a mounting biomass solid waste crisis, which is in itself contributing significantly to climate change. We intend to help break this cycle. Last fall, we started sounding the warning about the impacts of climate change on our forests here in California, a crisis that continues to deepen. The latest climate clarion cis from Southern California , where the transition to a landscape wholly devoid of urban trees––in parks, on campuses, and in yards––could happen in just the next generation.
We are now looking for qualified demonstration sites to conduct the most near-term projects, with the following characteristics: located within two hours of the San Francisco Bay area, significant onsite energy use  (around 100kor more), and onsite biomass waste processing that’s either revenue neutral or a cost center. If these characteristics describe a site that you own or to which you have access, and which you would like to be considered, please fill out the attached form . We will get back to you right away if your site fulfills the requirements for a  successful project.
this Friday night, 5-7pm
Our regular monthly open house is coming up this week. Please so we know how many guests to plan for, then drop by for pizza cooked in a gasifier-powered oven, plus cold beer and soft drinks, and the gasifier talk you can eat.
Negative emissions tech: can more trees, carbon capture or biochar solve our CO2 problem?
As noted above, The Guardian newspaper in the has a thoughtful look at this promising question this week. Click here to read the details.
The business, and climate, case for biomass
The former Mayor of New York City, Michael Bloomberg, and the former head of the environmental group Sierra Club, Carl Pope, have written a much deeper dive into the same topic as the Guardian article in their new book “Climate of Hope.”
They write, “We have phenomenal machines to do this job — they are called plants, and they exist to take CO2 out of the atmosphere and turn it into organic matter in the soil. (Certain kinds of rocks also sequester CO2 in very large quantities, but our ability to influence the pace of such mineralization is much more limited than our impact on the biosphere and plant life.) What does it take to trip the biosphere — the globe’s collection of animals and plants — into a massive carbon-storing mechanism?”
The climate crisis is making new heroes. Meet Matt Rogers, founder of NEST
Every day, over the world, new heroes in the climate struggle are emerging from unlikely places. Case in point: Matt Rogers. After working at Apple on some of this century’s most iconic products, Matt left to found NEST, which makes home thermostats. Not very sexy, perhaps, but their combination of sleek design and innovative performance is driving users to instmillions of them. This, in turn, has already avoided the equivalent of more than 2 million tons of carbon emissions from burning coal. You can learn more about Matt’s  impact, and the work he’s enabling, in this Medium post.
Comments are closed.
Translate »