Menu
Skip to content
Reservations
Menus
Dinner
Lunch
Tavern
Happy Hour
Dessert
Draft Beer
Bottled Beer and Wine List
Specialty Cocktails
Breakfast
Room Service
Private Dining
Blog
Photos
Gift Certificates
About
Altabira Newsletter
Contact
facebook
twitter
instagram
what’s happening

								Celebrate the Return of the Blazers at Altabira City Tavern							
October 27, 2018
 by 
Altabira City Tavern
It’s Blazer Season! The Blazers are back! We are so excited for the return of basketball season – and we’re excited to see all the Blazer fans again, too. (Best fans in the NBA!) The Blazers home opener is tonight! We are just a short walk away from The Moda Center, so be sure to…
The Altabira blog
 Tags: 
Bourbon
, 
Portland Trail Blazers
Altabira City Tavern
Come for dinner, a craft beer and a beautiful view.
Find a Table
Find us
Book a Table
*Reservations are accepted for lunch and dinner only in our dining room.
We accept reservations for tables during happy hour
.
*Since we have a limited number of seating options for large groups, 
we 
do not accept reservations for parties larger than twelve
.
Seating at the Altabira bar or on the rooftop patio is always available on a first come, first served basis, weather permitting.
Groups larger than 12 people should contact our 
Private Dining
 sales department for other options.
Directions
Gift Certificates
Altabira Newsletter
Room Service Menu
Hours
LUNCH

DINNER
BAR
Follow on Instagram
Book an Event
Let us help you plan your next private event or meeting. 
Sales Manager
Book an Event
Learn more
Sign up for our Newsletter
Subscribe to our mailing list
*
 indicates required
Email Address  
*
First Name 
Last Name 
Gray Sky Studio
 and 
Lucid Content
. 
Photos by 
John Valls
 and 
Dan Tyrpak Photographic
var swpFloatBeforeContent = true;var swpClickTracking = false;Situated on the top floor of the Hotel Eastlund, Altabira City Tavern is an American beer-centric restaurant and bar by Portland chef/restaurateur, David Machado. The restaurant is perched high above Portland’s fast-growing Lloyd District on the city’s East Side. With sweeping views of downtown, Altabira City Tavern offers smart pairings of food and drink in a modern yet casual setting.
Altabira features 16 tap handles of local craft beers, plus select European and Northwest wines and locally distilled spirits. Altabira’s dining room seats 50, the spacious rectangular bar seats 34. gorgeous patio — with windbreaks, heaters and fire pits — accommodates 103. Five stunning private dining and meeting rooms — including the 3,400 square foot Cosmopolitan Grand Ballroom— feature floor to ceiling windows and breathtaking views.
We accept reservations for tables during happy hour.
Since we have a limited number of seating options for large groups, we do not accept reservations for parties larger than twelve. Seating at the Altabira bar or on the rooftop patio is always available on a first come, first served basis, weather permitting.
Come for dinner, a craft beer and a beautiful view.
We accept reservations for tables during happy hour.
*Since we have a limited number of seating options for large groups, we do not accept reservations for parties larger than twelve.
Seating at the Altabira bar or on the rooftop patio is always available on a first come, first served basis, weather permitting.
Groups larger than 12 people should contact our Private Dining sales department for other options.
Visit our Bakery-Cafe.
Let us help you plan your next private event or meeting.
Sales Manager
Brianne Rudolph
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name
Last Name