About Inc.
Inc. has a unique way of doing business in the deep foundation construction industry. We devise, manufacture, load,  and ship our own products. We don’t rely on distributors; we rent and sell directly to the contractor. We get our to the job site and we  set it up. We get our people in the field where they can help and learn.
From design to production to installation, professionals are involved.
is committed to providing outstanding products and service, and being on the job site is crucial to upholding this commitment. We learn first  hand what problems need to be addressed for a particular job before going to the engineering table to solve them. Since our machining and fabrication  facilities are in-house, we have the flexibility to respond to job situations almost instantly. Transforming a good idea into a job site reality is  our specialty.
This is the key to APE’s successful research and development program, making us the industry leader in patents issued worldwide.
revolutionized the vibrator pile driver/extractor in 1990 with the introduction of the Model 150. Over a decade later, this revolutionary  device is still the industry gold standard. The Model 150's patented technology includes a multistage suppressor for greater line pull, one-piece  enhanced heavy metal eccentric weight and gear, and height/weight adaptability for extreme job conditions. The Model 150 Vibro, in technological  sophistication and durability, is still light years ahead of the competition.
The introduction of the one-piece gear and eccentric weight eliminated unwanted bolts and connections inside the vibrator gearbox. The unique  eccentric/gear incorporates helical cut gears that are final cut using a patented procedure that provides perfect timing and balance between all  eccentrics. gearboxes have 50% less parts than the nearest competitor, dramatically improving serviceability and life.
Heavy Metal Technology
Another result of APE's drive to create more simplified, serviceable, and efficient products is the development of the heavy metal enhanced  eccentric. Each eccentric is filled with two solid lead or tungsten bars, giving them more mass. This extra mass allows one eccentric to do the  work of two, thus eliminating bearings, shafts, and other components. APE's "T" vibrators (tungsten enhanced) are the most powerful machines money  can buy.
Hydraulic Impact Hammer Technology
introduced the to Junttan hydraulic impact hammers. In response to demand for short hammers needed to retrofit work under earthquake  damaged bridges, developed its own line of hydraulic impact hammers. hydraulic impact hammers feature a patent pending double walled lifting  cylinder that raises the ram from the bottom.
This new technology reduces the overall height, making the hydraulic hammer the shortest impact hammer on the market today. low  headroom hydraulic impact hammers are revolutionizing the way contractors drive piles. The short design reduces pile splicing and allows the  driving of longer piles.
The Big Hammer
makes the largest hydraulic impact hammer in the United States. We designed our big impact hammers to run from the same power units as  our Model 400 and Model 600 vibratory driver/extractors. The new hydraulic impact hammers incorporate tiny micro electronic technology,  eliminating the need for bulky container-size power units and control rooms.
The Diesel Revolution
In May of 1997, caused another revolution with the introduction of German designed diesel hammers manufactured in Shanghai, China. These time-proven,  single acting diesel hammers are higher in quality, and lower in cost, than any other diesel on the market.
All diesel hammers feature remote hydraulic controlled fuel pumps, fast-remove trip systems, and in-line fuel filters. Each come with a warranty  package that is more than twice as long as any other in the industry. In addition, is the only manufacturer to demand alignment. This ensures maximum  energy transfer to the piling.
All diesel hammers are equipped to operate with bio-diesel fuel, which helps them run cleaner and start faster than any other diesel hammer on  the market.
diesel hammers remain the best value on the market by any standard. Constant developments by our engineering team continue to keep a step  ahead of the competition.
Drive Caps and Inserts for Impact Hammers
manufactures a full line of drive caps and inserts for any type of piling. drive caps and inserts are fully machined on all striking surfaces.  This provides superior energy transfer to the pile and prevents premature wear of the hammer. drive caps accept inserts from all major manufacturers.  However, for proper alignment we recommend using only made components. also offers machining services to upgrade your existing drive caps and inserts.
Striker Plates
striker plates are made twice as thick as our competition to prevent bending or cracks. Each striker plate is fully machined on all surfaces  and comes complete with drilled and tapped holes on both sides for easy loading and shipment.
offers cushion material such as conbest, aluminum, and high-density nylon cushion material.
Direct Fluid-to-Torque Auger Drills
introduced cam track technology to the augured-cast-in-place piling industry in 1993 when it converted a state-of-the-art Poclain hydraulic radial  piston motor into a drilling tool. The compact motor, with its revolutionary cam track roller pistons, needed only a hollow shaft and stronger bearings in  order to revolutionize the top drive auger industry. No drill on the market today has the crowd force capacity of the drill.
The cam track technology converts hydraulic fluid directly to torque without the aid of gears or planetary drives. No bull gears can be found on the  system, thereby avoiding the efficiency losses that plaque the gear reduction systems.
The drill is rugged, self-lubricating, and requires no maintenance. It can handle the abuse caused by down-the-hole hammers and it can even withstand  the impact of telescoping Kelly bar applications.
is the Largest User of Vegetable Hydraulic Oil
In 1990, was the first to introduce pile driving and deep foundation equipped with vegetable hydraulic oil. We are now the largest user  of vegetable hydraulic oil in the Our power units are designed with built-in spare oil tanks to replenish the main tank should a spill occur. has  determined that its vegetable hydraulic oil provides even better quality and performance than the most expensive petrochemical hydraulic oils. Our entire  rental fleet operates on vegetable oil. Of course, owners may use whatever oil they desire. They overwhelmingly choose 100% biodegradable oil  because they know that spills of any other type of oil are extremely costly. We choose to use vegetable oil because it makes sense environmentally and  economically.
If you see any missing or erroneous information, including product specifications, please notify the staff at webmaster@apevibro.com
Original text