About us
Home
Industries
Products
Service solutions
Careers
About us
Investor Relations
News & media
Contact
GROUP
About us

      is a globally leading supplier of plants, equipment, and services for hydropower stations, the pulp and paper industry, the metalworking and steel industries, and for solid/liquid separation in the municipal and industrial sectors as well as for animal feed and biomass pelleting.
The publicly listed technology Group is headquartered in Graz, Austria, and has a staff of approximately 29,000 employees. operates more than 280 sites in over 40 countries.
Other important business segments include automation and service business. In addition, the international Group is also active in the power generating sector (steam boiler plants, biomass boilers, recovery boilers, and gasification plants) and in environmental technology (flue gas cleaning plants) and offers equipment for the production of nonwovens, dissolving pulp, and panelboard as well as recycling plants.
leading supplier for hydraulic power generation
Technologies and services for the production of pulp, paper and power
Complete lines, machines, equipment and lifetime service for the metalworking industry
The world’s leading separation specialist with the broadest technology portfolio.
Automation solutions that continually improve processes and plants, making them more efficient and profitable
comprehensive range of technologies with environmental benefits
One of the world’s leading suppliers of advanced industrial equipment for feed and biofuel pelleting industry
Generating clean energy from tidal currents
Cleaning exhaust gases from ships
State-of-the-art technology for a great variety of applications
Complete front-end technology for fiberboard production
Premium pumping technology tailored to our customers’ requests and needs
Recover raw materials. 
Maintain values.
Power boilers and turbogenerators for the thermal power industry
Complete range of perforated and wedge wire components for filtration and separation processes
AG
Headquarters 
+43 316 6902 0
Company presentation
company presentation - November 2018
PDF
 : 
791 KB
English
Deutschapplies well-established quality assurance and integrated management systems to meet customers’ requirements and legal stipulations.
Quality Management at means: quality of products, quality of processes, and quality in safety matters.
With a global quality management system, we ensure that our customers all over the world receive high-quality, reliable products and solutions. We are well aware that our machines and equipment have to function safely and efficiently for decades. Furthermore, our quality management system defines fully developed business processes that help us to execute our orders efficiently and ensure that we meet our delivery dates. Safety and environmental protection on job sites are major objectives at This is why we have also defined global standards in these areas and use these as a basis for planning and implementing adequate safety and environmental measures for each individual project. These measures are aimed at preventing accidents and ensuring prompt and suitable action in critical situations.
Global standards
Our quality management system is implemented at locations and ensures uniform product and order execution standards worldwide. Accredited certification partners conduct certification audits at the locations and confirm effective and consistent implementation of the quality standards in the certificates issued, e.g. 9001, 18001, and 14001.
© iStock
"Safety first" - global safety initiative
The global safety initiative is part of a strategy to establish a sustainable safety culture based on prevention and a high level of safety awareness throughout the Group. Its aim is to prevent unsafe actions from the outset and making workplaces and processes safe.  Every accident that happens is one too many and our ultimate goal is always to operate completely accident-free.
Risk analyses of all areas of our work and safety training courses are conducted regularly, and safety activities are integrated continuously into the daily work routine. produces parts weighing several tons and installs them in many different regions of the world. In addition to static measures such as cleanliness or accessibility, we pay high attention to the risks of dynamic processes, such as handling and moving parts, both in manufacturing shops and on job sites.
The number of accidents is to be reduced by 30% in the medium term, although the primary goal is, of course, zero accidents at work. Other global requirements relate to safety reporting and the obligation to prepare certification under 18001 if it is not yet available.
Contact us
AG
: 791 KB
wants to offer you the best online experience
Therefore we use cookies to analyze, optimize and personalize content and ads, as well as to provide social media features. We also share information about your usage of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Read our privacy policyFrom a small iron foundry to a globally leading technology group
The cornerstone of today’s international technology Group was laid in 1852 when a small iron foundry was set up in Graz, Austria.
The milestones in the history of are outlined here.
1852-1900: beginnings as an iron foundry
has its origins in an iron foundry that was established in 1852 by the Hungarian entrepreneur Josef Körösi in Andritz, a suburb of the city of Graz. Soon after its foundation, the company’s production program was extended to include large capital goods, such as cranes, pumps, water turbines, and later also bridges, steam boilers and engines, as well as mining equipment.
In 1852, the Hungarian Josef Körösi established an iron foundry in Andritz, a suburb of the city of Graz, Austria.
1900: becomes a stock corporation
1900-1946: World Wars and the Great Depression
At the end of the First and Second World Wars and during the Great Depression in the early 1930s, ANDRITZ’s production came to a standstill, but the company’s dedicated management and employees succeeded each time in making a new start.
1946-1980: growth and new products
In 1949, began a lasting cooperation with the Escher Wyss Group of Switzerland, initially in the water turbines sector. The product portfolio of was revised: Production of steam engines and air compressors came to an end, and the focus shifted towards water turbines, centrifugal pumps, cranes, and steel structures. In 1951, embarked on the production of complete paper machines in cooperation with Escher Wyss.
In 1950, Creditanstalt-Bankverein, Austria, acquired a majority interest in ANDRITZ.
During the 1960s and 1970s, continued to grow. The production shops were extended, new machines purchased, and research and development activities intensified. Electrochemical and metallurgical equipment were added to the production program.
The site in Graz in the mid 1950ies.
1980s: crisis and recovery
The second global oil crisis and worldwide economic stagnation in the early 1980s caused a drop in ANDRITZ’s order intake and the company was operating at a loss, but Austrian government subsidies and drastic rationalization measures enabled the company to survive.
In 1987, AG, an investment company in Frankfurt, Germany, acquired a majority stake in began to change its strategic direction, from being a licensee of other equipment manufacturers to become a leading international supplier of its own high-tech production systems.
1999: change of ownership
sold its shareholding in to a consortium of investment companies (The Carlyle Group, Capital, Unternehmensinvest AG, Deutsche Beteiligungs AG) and the Custos private foundation (established by Wolfgang Leitner, President and of ANDRITZ).
2001/2003: listing on the Stock Exchange
In 2001, went public on the Vienna Stock Exchange. Two million new shares were placed successfully with national and international investors.
2003 saw the Secondary Placing of shares on the Vienna stock exchange. The financial investors sold their entire shareholdings in ANDRITZ, which resulted in a rise in free float to around 70%.
Today, the headquarters of the are located in Graz
Growth through acquisitions and research & development
In 1990, the acquisition of Sprout-Bauer, a company supplying equipment for mechanical pulp and animal feed production, marked the beginning of the Group’s successful expansion policy through acquisitions. Complementary acquisitions, in addition to organic growth that is mainly driven by research and development, have been an important driver of company growth ever since.
S1990, has acquired and integrated almost 70 companies, pursuing its policy of complementary acquisitions. The largest transactions in terms of sales were the acquisitions of Ahlstrom Machinery Group in 2000/2001 (making a globally leading supplier of pulp production systems), of in 2006 (advancing to a globally leading supplier of electromechanical equipment for hydropower plants), and of more than 95% of Schuler, the world market leader in forming technology, in 2013.
today
is a globally leading supplier of plants, equipment, and services for hydropower stations, the pulp and paper industry, the metal working and steel industries, and for solid/liquid separation in the municipal and industrial segments. Other important fields of business are animal feed and biomass pelleting, as well as automation, where offers a wide range of innovative products and services in the IIo(Industrial Internet of Things) sector under the brand name of Metris. In addition, the international technology Group is active in power generation (steam boiler plants, biomass power plants, recovery boilers, and gasification plants) and environmental technology (flue gas cleaning plants) and offers equipment for the production of nonwovens, dissolving pulp, and panelboard, as well as recycling plants.
The listed Group is headquartered in Graz, Austria. With over 160 years of experience, 29,000 employees, and more than 280 locations in over 40 countries worldwide, is a reliable and competent partner and helps its customers to achieve their corporate and sustainability goals.
Contact us
AG
: 791 KB
wants to offer you the best online experience
Therefore we use cookies to analyze, optimize and personalize content and ads, as well as to provide social media features. We also share information about your usage of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Read our privacy policyHand crafting
Every day, more than 7,000 employees are working hands-on in 70 manufacturing and service locations worldwide to produce custom-tailored key components as well as wear and spare parts to suit individual customer requirements for systems and equipment.
Around two-thirds of the manufacturing staff work in Europe and North America, and one-third in the emerging countries of Asia, South America, and Eastern Europe. They are assisted by trained temporary staff.
manufacturing focuses particularly on the production of key components critical to technology and quality. Everything else is largely purchased from qualified suppliers who are subjected to regular quality checks and on-time performance monitoring. With this proven make-or-buy strategy, it is easier to deal with changes in capacity utilization and ensure optimum use of own manufacturing capacities.
All manufacturing locations undergo continuous further development so that they can offer customers the best possible technologies. Investments concentrate on building up and expanding manufacturing capacities in the emerging countries of Asia and South America, as well as in Central and Eastern Europe on the one hand, and on modernizing existing locations in Central Europe and North America on the other.
© Michaela Begsteiger
Contact us
AG
: 791 KB
wants to offer you the best online experience
Therefore we use cookies to analyze, optimize and personalize content and ads, as well as to provide social media features. We also share information about your usage of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Read our privacy policy