Applications
- portable electronics, electric vehicles, drones, aviation, and safety
We manufacture next-generation Graphene-Silicon Composite Anode (GCA™) for lithium-ion batteries allowing your devices and EVs to last longer between charges and decreasing the form factor while maintaining a competitive $/Ah cost with graphite.
- portable electronics, vehicles, and cooling system enhancements
We leverage graphene's exceptionally high in-plane thermal conductivity (5,300 W/mK) into a range of thermal management products from thermal sheets to thermal pastes to cool electronic devices. Our heat spreaders come in a range of thicknesses and can be manufactured on film or freestanding at a roll to roll level or die cut to specific shapes for electronic circuit boards.
- composite masterbatch, textiles, paints, coatings, and rubber
With years of expertise and over 25% of our employees possessing Ph. D.'s, we have the knowledge to take graphene and create intermediates so customers have the availability to use graphene without the hassle of trying to add graphene themselves which is traditionally difficult to work with.
- graphene, graphene oxide, and graphene dispersions
The foundation of Global Graphene Group (G³ ) is our ability to mass produce graphene. Today, we produce graphene at over 300 (tonnes per annum). We produce graphene powders in a variety of grades including graphene oxide and graphene powders dispersed in solvents and water.
About Us
Our global and patent-rich enterprise was the first to discover graphene in 2002. Learn more about our company structure and how it is centered on two technology platforms: Graphene Production and Energy Storage right in the birthplace of aviation.
Connect with Us
If you’re interested in becoming a G³  customer or team member, we’d really like to hear from you. Have questions or looking for more information? Whatever you need, we’re here to help you discover what graphene can do for you.
Latest Newsfocused on the discovery, development and commercialization 
of innovative and affordable graphene-enabled and engineered solutions.
300
350+
25%
50,000 sq ft
Co-Founders
Co-Founder & Chairman of the Board
Dr. Bor Jang is a pioneer in graphene technology as he was the world's first to discover graphene in 2002. He is recognized as the world's number 1 graphene inventor with over 250 graphene-related patents and numerous international patents. On top of this, he is the co-inventor on over 300 patents on battery, fuel cell, and supercapacitor technologies. Prior to starting Global Graphene Group, Dr. Jang served as the head of Department of Mechanical Engineering and Applied Mechanics at North Dakota State University from 2002-20005 and was promoted to Dean of College of Engineering and Computer Science at Wright State University from 2005 until 2010 when he retired from academia. 
Dr. Aruna Zhamu
Co-Founder
Dr. Aruna Zhamu is one of the most accomplished female scientists in the world. Hailing from Mongolia, she is one of only a handful of scientists to hold over 150 patents. Behind Dr. Jang, she is recognized as the world's number 2 graphene inventor with over 200 graphene-related patents. Dr. Zhamu led to become the world's number 1 producer of graphene raw and co-invented numerous technologies including graphene-enabled high-capacity anodes, non-flammable electrolyte,lithium-sulfur batteries, and supercapacitors. Together, with Dr. Jang, the two Co-Founders have the knowledge and drive to bring Global Graphene Group.
Company Structure
Global Graphene Group was founded as a holding company in 2015 for Energy Company , Honeycomb Battery Company , Group , Nanotek Instruments , and Taiwan Graphene Company . Dr. Jang and Dr. Zhamu first founded Nanotek Instruments in 1997 and then in 2007. Since then, they founded Energy Company, Honeycomb Battery Company and Taiwan Graphene Company with the idea that each company would focus on a specific area of technology. The founding of Global Graphene Group brought together the 5 divisions under one holding company structure.
US