×
Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs
Ellery is the Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs at and is responsible for leading the company’s regulatory and Gxcompliance initiatives. He has over 20 years’ experience managing global regulatory and quality activities for both small and large molecule development programs and has led products through all critical stages of development; from preclinical to first-in-human studies, from early to late phase clinical evaluation and from license application through approval and post-marketing development and label expansion. His areas of therapeutic focus have included CNS, immunological, cardiovascular and infectious diseases. Prior to joining AGTC, Mr. Mangas held regulatory and quality positions of increasing responsibility at UCB, Nabi Biopharmaceuticals and Therapeutics. Ellery earned a degree in Microbiology from the University of Florida and is Regulatory Affairs Certified by the Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society (RAPS).
& CEO
An experienced entrepreneur with a strong scientific and operational background, Sue brings a decade of experience in pharmaceutical management and research with Abbott Labs and Eli Lilly & Company and more than 16 years of senior management experience with entrepreneurial firms in Florida including three start-ups. At AGTC, Sue has successfully secured investments of more than $91 million from nationally recognized venture capitalists and granting agencies; negotiated and closed on a major collaboration with a top five Biotech company; lead the company to complete critical milestones; and recruited an experienced management team. Her experience as a group leader with Abbott’s Diagnostic Division helped hone her skills in bringing new products and from the lab bench into the market place.
Sue is the chair of Southeast BIO, is a member of the Executive Committee of BioFlorida and sits on the board of the Florida High Tech Corridor Council. She has a degree in biochemistry from Michigan State University and an from the University of Florida where she was one of the first graduates from the Warrington College of Business Entrepreneurship program.
Chief Business Officer
Stephen has more than 15 years of experience as a senior executive in the biotechnology industry. Prior to joining AGTC, he was most recently employed by NeoStem, Inc., a developer of cell-based therapeutics, where Stephen served as Executive Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors. He was Senior Vice President of Operations and Corporate Development for Osiris Therapeutics, Inc., where he was part of the senior leadership team that achieved approval of the first-ever stem cell drug therapy, Prochymal®. Stephen was also responsible for the launch and overall management of the Bio-Surgery business unit as well as operational oversight for multiple functional areas including manufacturing, human resources, IT, legal and business development. Prior to Osiris, Stephen served as Senior Vice President of Corporate and Business Development at Genzyme and as Vice President of Corporate and Business Development. Over his ten years at Genzyme, Stephen was the senior leader for its global corporate and business development team that provided strategic and transaction support, including support for many of Genyzme’s gene and cell therapy opportunities. He has also held positions at DuPont Pharmaceuticals, Dupont de Nemours and Company, Inc., and Booz Allen & Hamilton. Stephen earned a from University of Massachusetts and an from Harvard Business School.
Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Shearman is responsible for leading the company’s product candidate selection process, pre-clinical and translational research and long-term research and development planning, while also contributing to the overall strategic direction of the company. Dr. Shearman was employed most recently by Serono, Inc., the and Canadian subsidiary of Merck KGaA, where he served as Senior Vice-President of Research & Early Development since 2009. Previously, Dr. Shearman was Executive Director of Merck & Co. Research Laboratories, Boston, and Senior Director at the Merck Sharp & Dohme Research Laboratories Neuroscience Research Centre, Dr. Shearman earned a B.Sc. from the University of Bristol, a Ph.from the University of Nottingham and conducted academic research at institutes in Japan and Germany.
Chief Financial Officer
Bill has more than 20 years of experience in corporate finance, leading strategic transactions, fundraising, and accounting. Prior to joining AGTC, he worked at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc. for close to 10 years and held a variety of important leadership positions, including Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer. While at Merrimack, he led the company’s $100 million initial public offering, helped the company raise more than $400 million in debt and equity capital as a public company, and played a key role in the company’s commercial launch of ONIVYDE® and subsequent asset sale to Ipsen for up to $1.025 billion. Prior to his role at Merrimack, Mr. Sullivan held a variety of positions in the areas of financial planning and analysis, operations management, and auditing.
Bill holds a in Economics from Williams College and a and in Accounting from Northeastern University and obtained his certified public accountant license while working at Arthur Andersen, LLP.
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Feinsod is a board-certified ophthalmologist with extensive corporate and regulatory expertise in the development of novel therapies for ophthalmic diseases.  In his previous positions he has played key roles in corporate finance, developing and implementing clinical and regulatory strategy, due diligence, and licensing. He has been a founder in several companies including Imagen Biotech, a venture-backed company dedicated to developing breakthrough ophthalmology treatments for high unmet needs.  At Imagen he secured financing of $40from a syndicate of three global investor groups and led all company activities.  Prior to Imagen, Dr. Feinsod was of Strategy and Product Development at Eyetech Pharmaceuticals where he spent five years in a variety of functions helping to develop and launch Macugen and an anti-aptamer now in Phase 3 clinical trials with Ophthotech.  Prior to joining Eyetech, Dr. Feinsod served as medical officer for the Division of Anti-inflammatory, Analgesic and Ophthalmologic Drug Products, where he was a primary reviewer for both and ophthalmology regulatory applications. Concurrently, he held a clinical trials/drug development fellowship position in George Washington University’s Department of Ophthalmology and served on the University hospital’s Institutional Review Board.  Previously, Dr. Feinsod conducted post-doctoral molecular biology research with a focus on nucleotide science at Cornell University Medical Center.
He received his undergraduate degree from the Wharton School of Business and his from the George Washington University School of Medicine and completed his residency at the Manhattan Eye, Ear and Throat Hospital.  Dr. Feinsod holds several patents in the field of ophthalmology and in emitted light-stabilization. Dr. Feinsod serves on the board of directors of World Eye Mission, a non-profit organization.  He continues to practice ophthalmology on a part-time basis.
Executive Director, Process Development
Since AGTC’s inception, Dr. Knop has been responsible for the development of all upstream and downstream unit operations comprising the company’s proprietary rco-infection method for rmanufacture.
Dr. Knop joined in 2002 after completing his doctoral research in Chemical Engineering at Michigan State University which focused on biocatalytic production of value-added pharmaceutical intermediates useful in the synthesis of anti-influenza medicinals. He has defined, and executed technology transfer on, multiple phase 1 and 2 clinical material generation processes for rraw material and rclinical trial material to contract manufacturing organizations, academic and corporate partners.  Dr. Knop has authored dozens of manuscripts, presentations, and posters encompassing the production, processing, and purification of rand rvectors for use in gene therapy applications.Importance of Enrolling
Clinical trials are crucial to the research and development of new therapies to address a wide variety of conditions – from relatively common health conditions, including diabetes and heart disease, to rare indications that only affect a very small percentage of the population.
However, many of these potential therapies are slower to reach patients who need them the most, frequently due to challenges in getting patients to enroll in clinical trials. For people with rare conditions, the problem is compounded by the low number of people with the condition, lack of awareness about active studies and potential new treatments, as well as perceived barriers to enrollment– such as costs and travel.
What to Expect if am considering a clinical trial.
Each person’s experience in a clinical trial, including those evaluating the potential benefit of a new therapy for a rare condition, is different.
For more information on clinical trials you can visit the website:
What should think about before joining a clinical trial?
Before joining a clinical trial, it is important to learn as much as possible. Discuss your questions and concerns with members of your health care team to determine if the trial is a good option based on your current condition and options available. Be sure you understand:
What happens during the trial
The type of health care you will receive
Any related costs once you are enrolled in the trial
The benefits and risks associated with participating
For more information please visit the website: https://www.fda.gov/ForPatients/ClinicalTrials/ClinicalvsMedical/ucm20041761.htm
Clinical trials, also called clinical research studies, are conducted by clinicians and medical researchers to understand the potential benefits and risks of new, unapproved medical treatments.
Phase 1 and 2 studies are early studies intended to obtain initial data about the safety of the new investigational therapy and its potential effectiveness. If Phase 1 and 2 studies produce positive data, Phase 3 studies may be conducted.  Phase 3 studies are larger studies intended to obtain more extensive data about the safety and effectiveness of the treatment.
Natural History Study (NHS) is a long-term study to gather information about the progression of a condition and its impact on a patient’s quality of life. Individuals may undergo routine testing to determine the progression of their condition but no investigational therapies are administered.
Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria
Informed Consent / Right to Terminate Study Participation
Informed consent is the process of understanding the key facts about a clinical trial before deciding if to participate.
At any point of the clinical trial, a participant can leave or withdraw from the study. When withdrawing from the trial, the participant should let the research team know about it, and if they feel comfortable, share the reason for leaving the study.
You are free to leave a clinical trial at any time, even after you have signed an informed consent or received the investigational drug or standard of care. Additionally, the quality of your care received will not be affected by your decision to participate in or withdraw from the study. However, you should always inform the research team of your decision to withdraw from the study to ensure treatment is discontinued safely. The research team may also ask to continue monitoring you for a period of time to assess long-term effects of the treatment.
For more information on clinical trials please visit the website: https://www.fda.gov/ForPatients/ClinicalTrials/default.htm
Visionary science for life changing cures.