Group is a leading privately owned moving services company that specializes in providing domestic and worldwide moving and storage services, global information storage management services and environmental stewardship through its various subsidiaries: International Group, Van Lines, Creative Storage Solutions, and Energy.
Sustainability
We’d like to leave a better world to our children. Learn more about our sustainable initiatives.
Community
We have a strong sense of community and helping others. Learn more about our ArpinStrong® initiatives.
From Domestic to International Moving, we’ve got you covered.
As a leading provider of moving and storage services, Group has been operating for over 100 years and currently relocates over 30,000 families annually.
Group continues to expand by remaining focused on our core competency of providing superior moving services. is the largest privately-owned and operated moving company that is not involved in offering third-party relocation management services. This independence allows us to partner with the very best supplier partners in the industry, ensuring service level consistency throughout the relocation process.
It doesn’t matter if you’re moving locally, regionally, or coast-to-coast; we are here to provide you with a high-quality service at very competitive rates.
Creative Storage Solutions (CSS) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Group. CSS’ proprietary software provides our clients with an innovative solution to assist them with managing their corporate storage policies, data, and invoicing.
Affiliated Organizations
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
Group, Inc. is the holding company for Van Lines, International Group, Energy, and Creative Storage Solutions. Headquartered in  Rhode Island, USA, Group, Inc. is a leader in the household goods moving industry. We provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services. Our combined divisions relocate over 30,000 families annually.
While each Group company possesses its own unique set of core competencies, we are proud of our unified culture. Our core values of quality, trust, professionalism, and accountability are intertwined throughout each operating group and are the standards by which our business choices and decisions are made, allowing us to become a top performer in the industry.
Group’s singular focus is on the moving and storage of household goods and storage data management. Throughout its different companies, caters to a diverse portfolio of clients and segments. From the family moving across town, to the family relocating for work around the world, has the personnel and assets to ensure smooth and convenient moves time after time.
Visit Our Companies to learn more about our different companies to find the one that suits your moving and storage needs.
Our services are one of the most awarded in the industry! Just visit our Awards’ section to learn what the industry is saying about us.
Group
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
Ranked #1 in International Supplier Satisfaction 2017 – Corporate relocation managers, charged with facilitating international corporate mobility, ranked International Group #1 in “Overall Carrier Satisfaction” with an 8.89 on a 10-high scale as reported in the 13th Annual Relocation Managers’ Survey.
Ranked #1 in Customer Satisfaction 2017, 2016 – Van Lines earned the top “Overall Customer Satisfaction” score for the second consecutive year as ranked by transferees. topped the list of the moving industry’s 10 largest household goods carriers. also ranked #1 in “Top Block” service and #1 in “Net Satisfaction” according to Trippel Survey & Research Report’s 23rd Annual Nationwide Relocation Employee Survey.
#1 Top Block Service Ranking in Overall Household Goods Supplier Satisfaction 2017 – domestic relocation program administrators ranked Van Lines #1 in “Top Block” service for carriers with the highest / best evaluations in the 15th Annual Relocation Managers’ Survey conducted by Trippel Survey & Research Report.
(LACMA)
Corporate Social ResponsibilityAward 2017 – International Group was presented this award from for its commitment to the environment and the global community it serves.
CARTUS
Commitment to Excellence Gold 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2012, 2011, 2010 – Presented to International Group to recognize its measurable commitment to excellence by achieving critical performance metrics.
Global Citizenship Award 2016 (1st Place), 2015 (2nd Place), 2014 (1st Place) – Presented to Group for its outstanding contributions to the health, welfare, and safety of others, and for improvements in a community’s quality of life on a national or international level.
LEXICON
Supplier Excellence Gold Award 2017 – International Group was presented this award for consistently providing superior services to the company and its multi-national customers.
World of Quality-Supplier Excellence Award 2014, 2013, 2012 – Presented to International Group for delivering exceptional service levels.
PARAGON
Supplier Partner Award 2017, 2016 – Presented to International Group for achieving excellence in international household goods performance.
Supplier Partner of the Year 2015 – Presented to International Group for superior performance.
President’s Cup 2015 – Recognized International Group as its “Best Overall” supplier.
MAGAZINE
Readers’ Choice Award 2017 – Van Lines was voted #1 carrier in the moving services’ category by the Providence Journal’s magazine subscribers.
ACADEMY
Commitment to Excellence Gold Award 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 – Presented to International Group for driving and promoting industry knowledge amongst its employees.
AGENCY
Environmental Merit Award 2016 – Presented to Group for outstanding efforts in preserving the environment.
RELOCATION
Corporate Responsibility Award 2016 – Presented to Group for “leading by example.”
BP
Mirroring Values Award 2016, 2015 – Presented to International Group for demonstrating excellence in international mobility.
Outstanding Service by an Individual 2015, 2013, 2012 – Presented to an International Group employee.
International Supplier of the Year 2014, 2013
Outstanding Service by an Individual 2013, 2012, 2010 – Presented to a Creative Storage Solutions’ employee.
The James Carroll Alabama Math Award 2012 – Presented to Creative Storage Solutions for assisting the International Mobility Team improve efficiency and save money.
SERVICES
You Made a Difference Award 2015 – Presented to an International Group employee.
(EPA)
Clean Future Award 2015 – Presented to Group for outstanding leadership in sustainable practices.
ISLAND
Fastest Growing Innovative Companies 2015 – Presented to Group for developing cutting-edge products and solutions that address climate change and contribute to creating a cleaner environment.
MAGAZINE
Quest For Quality Award 2014, 2009 – Van Lines was recognized as the “Best Overall” Household Goods and High Value Goods Carrier. was voted #1 in the categories of “Value,” “Information Technology,” “On-time Performance,” “Customer Service,” and “Equipment and Operations” by the readers of Logistics Management Magazine.
ISLAND
Rhode Island Business of the Year 2014 – Presented to Group for applying environmentally sound and innovative practices to its day-to-day business operations.
(IAM)
Booker of the Year 2014 – Presented to International Group for the highest number of ocean freight bookings.
MOBILITY
Next Practices Leadership Award 2012 – Presented to Group for demonstrating the ability to continuously improve, refine, and rethink the means by which the company meets its workforce mobility objectives.
Partner of the Year 2012, 2010 – Presented to Group for achieving outstanding scorecard ratings.
International Move Coordinator of the Year 2012, 2010
Group
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
Community
Our Mission and Values guide our corporate culture and social responsibility. Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries follows a “4Focus” system to maintain the balance between the corporate and social needs. These “4Focus” areas are:
1. Innovative Solutions
4. Community Service
These are some policies that support the “4Focus CSR” program that ties our values with Arpin’s Performance Review Training:
Accountability: Takes collective responsibility for Proactively plans and seeks out appropriate projects to support company and/or global values.
Integrity: Courage to stand-up for issues, the disenfranchised, global initiatives, even if they are not popular. Consistently and outwardly supports the mission and values of the company as they extend to greater CSR.
Leadership in Excellence: Demonstrates creative thinking and follow through with ideas that support mission/values; acts as a visionary; takes risks with innovative ideas and embraces thoughtful change.
Leadership of Mission: Exemplifies a balanced list of business, personal, and socially responsible commitments in all areas of life; serves as an ambassador for the company within the community.
Learning & Training Initiatives: Our Leadership Values and Mission training are tied to our Performance Management System.
Ethics: Ethical standards and practices developed and implemented in dealings with all company stakeholders. Commitment to ethical behavior is widely communicated in an explicit statement and is rigorously upheld.
Employment Practices: management practices promote personal and professional employee development, diversity at all levels, and empowerment. Employees are valued partners, with the right to fair labor practices, competitive wages and benefits, and a safe harassment-free, family friendly work environment.
Community Involvement: The Company fosters an open relationship that is sensitive to community culture, needs, and plays a proactive, cooperative and collaborative role to make the community a better place to live and conduct business.
Group
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
“The organization has built a strong and well-recognized reputation based upon quality, integrity, and adherence to our core values. These core values include:
Providing our customers with world-class service at a competitive price. We will strive to be adaptable, flexible, and responsive to their requirements and we will never compromise our standards and adherence to regulations to find a solution.
Creating and maintaining a team-oriented culture, characterized by reliability, integrity, personal and professional growth, and concern for our customers and community.
All members of Group will be committed to complying with the letter and spirit of all laws and regulations.
Training in ethics and ethical business practices is a living part of the Group culture and is taken seriously by all employees.
Promoting business growth and profitability for the benefit of all team members. Growth and profitability will result from a commitment to quality and the ethical dealings with all customers.
Regardless of where our business is located, is committed to (a) conducting its business with integrity and (b) complying with all applicable laws and regulations. We ask each person in the organization to make a personal commitment to comply with both the letter and spirit of our Code of Ethics and Business Practices.
employees are educated to promptly raise questions or concerns about what is proper conduct to their manager or through one of the many other channels makes available. There can be no reason to ever compromise our commitment to integrity.
managers have the additional responsibility of fostering a culture in which compliance with Arpin’s policy and applicable law is the basis of our business activities. Concerns about appropriate conduct must be promptly addressed with care and respect and in an environment where retaliation is unacceptable.
We must maintain and strengthen what has been our foundation for success for more than 100 years – the commitment to total honesty, dignity, fairness, and respect in dealing with customers, governmental officials, and each other.”
– David Arpin, and President
Code of Ethics and Business Practices
The reputation and integrity of Group and its companies are embodied in its business transactions and practices and the conduct of its employees, wherever they may be located. Adherence to these standards and appropriate business conduct will serve to avoid any occurrence that might reflect unfavorably on the organization.
Code of Business Practices – This document describes Arpin’s philosophy concerning integrity and ethical conduct and what to do when you have a question or concern relating to a policy that is a part of the Code of Business Practices.
Our efforts to conduct business honestly and with integrity are founded on the following basic principles that we, as employees, must strive to meet and which constitute our Code of Business Practices. Employees of Arpin, without exception, are expected to:
Comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations that govern the conduct of Arpin’s business. If there is ever uncertainty, seek clarification of the laws, rules, and regulations before proceeding.
Conduct business with customers and suppliers with honesty and integrity.
Champion a culture where ethical conduct is respected and appreciated.
Avoid all conflicts of interest and the appearance of impropriety or wrongdoing. If you are unsure if there is a conflict of interest, seek clarification before proceeding.
Protect all Company assets and information and not use Company assets or information for their own personal benefit or gain.
Make certain that all business transactions are properly authorized and recorded.
Act with care and respect for Team members and our customers, and their safety.
© Copyright 2019 GroupBlog
Terms
Sitemap
Home
About
Company History
Management
Mission/Vision
Sustainability
Community
Awards
Values
Strong
Companies
Our Services
International Services
Domestic Moving
Storage Services
GSA/Government Moving
Military
News Room
Career Center
Contact Us
Home
/
About
/
Strong
Overview
Company History
Management
Mission/Vision
Sustainability
Community
Awards
Values
Strong
Strong
Group created a non-profit organization called Strong because of our strong commitment to helping others. Strong is an independent organization where we channel all of our community initiatives.
Vision
Helping those in need during natural disasters or when unfortunate circumstances arise by participating in community-based projects and events. We will accomplish our goals while we foster fellowship and teamwork within our personnel.
Mission
To help one another, in times of need, by raising funds via distinctive and creative undertakings throughout the year.
For more information about Strong, please go to 
.
Group
Careers
News
Terms of Service
Sitemap
Get Social
Tweets
Group
@Arpin_Group
·
16 Jan 19
We’re growing and looking for talented International Move Coordinators to join our India-based team (https://t.co/mD43IYzgSr)! Send your resume in confidence to careers@arpinintl.com. 
Group
@Arpin_Group
·
12 Dec 18
As a company, we have corporate social responsibilities. One that we follow is vowing to improve communication among community stakeholders regarding sustainability efforts and… https://t.co/f5xPRusVwR
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
Sustainability
is seeking to positively transform the moving industry through its green initiatives. Understanding that the world’s natural resources are limited and fragile, Group considers environmental protection and sustainability to be consistent with its overall goals and values and an important consideration in its operations.
On the heels of a sustainability self-assessment, Group formed a Sustainability Committee to continue its commitment to building a greener future. This committee oversees the development of environmentally responsible programs and initiatives as the company continues to grow internationally.
The mission of the Sustainability Committee is to promote sustainability across Group, with particular focus in the states, cities, and towns in which it maintains offices and other resources, and to support generally Group’s mission of creating solutions for a more sustainable, healthier environment and society. The Sustainability Committee supports Group’s efforts and mission by striving to improve the environmental health and quality of life for present and future generations.
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
Mission/Vision
Everyday, to deliver the best value in the industry; the best combination of service and price.
To build on over 100 years and four generations of moving experience.
To change as the world changes and the needs of the client changes.
To focus on our core competence of worldwide moving, and to reinvest our profits into improving everyday.
To give back to our community, industry and the world, more than we take out. Build a company that breeds innovation and entrepreneurship.
Build a company that inspires employees, agents and vendors to achieve their greatest level of success.
Have fun, enjoy the journey, and relish the small part we play in the incredible successes of our clients. And never forget we are a family of movers moving the lives of other families.
Group
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
President/CEO
David began his career at in 1974. Since that time, he has worked as a driver and has held positions in Operations, Sales, and Administration. Currently, David serves as the company’s President and In addition, he also serves as Chairman of the Executive Committee and Board of Directors. David is the fourth generation of his family to manage Group. During his tenure at Arpin, the company has grown from a single company with annual sales of $5 million, to a group of eight companies with revenue in excess of $200 million.
Outside of the organization, David has been active in shaping the policy decisions involving the moving industry through his leadership role with the American Moving and Storage Association (AMSA).  Currently, David is a member of AMSA’s Board of Directors, Executive Committee, and is the organizations Immediate Past Chairman.
Peter Executive Vice President
Peter is the fourth generation of family members to run the company first established in 1900 by his Great Grandparents. He assumed his current responsibilities as Executive Vice President of International Group in 1989, and also runs its Alaskan division. Peter also serves as a member of the company’s Executive Committee and Board of Directors.
Peter’s entrepreneurial spirit is evidenced by his latest business venture. In 2008, he became President of two new Group companies, and Now. is responsible for all internal environmental auditing across all Group companies. Peter currently leads a central group of people working on low-carbon growth Research and Development initiatives. Now’s mission is to educate, promote, and report on the positive growth that results when moving towards a more sustainable future, both economically and socially.
Michael Killoran
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Killoran is responsible for financial and tax-related matters for Group, its affiliates and subsidiaries. He has also been appointed to the Group Management Committee. Mike’s been with the company since 1983.
As a supporter and advocate for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Mike has donated time, talent and money to the organization, serving on the board of the chapter for 13 years. In addition, Killoran serves as treasurer and board member of the Charitable Fund, Inc. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Providence College.
Marco Uriati
Chief Operating Officer and Chief Legal Officer
Marco Uriati is the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Legal Officer of Group, Inc. In addition to his role as COO/CLO, Marco is the current Chairman of Group’s Management Committee.
Marco is also the Immediate Past Chairman as well as a current member of the Legal Advisory Council of the American Moving and Storage Association. He is licensed to practice law in the State of Rhode Island, the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, and the Supreme Court of the United States of America.
Prior to joining in February 2007, Marco enjoyed a successful private practice as a shareholder of the venerable Rhode Island law firm of Roberts, Carroll, Feldstein & Peirce. During that time, he practiced in both the corporate and litigation arenas and served as Arpin’s outside general counsel for nearly a decade. His areas of practice included transportation law, corporate law, securities law, intellectual property law, business law, complex civil litigation, commercial real estate law, and public affairs and finance law.
Conrad Swanson
Sr. Vice President Agency Development
Conrad Swanson is the Senior Vice President of Agency Development, responsible for Van Lines’ relationship with Agents, as well as the recruitment and training of new agents. Conrad joined in 1990 and is a current member of its Management Committee. Prior to his current position, he spent a year developing a Service Improvement department at Van Lines, Inc. From 2001 through 2007, he served as General Manager of of Rhode Island, an Van Lines’ company store. Conrad began his career at Arpin, working 11 years as a driver and crew chief servicing Van Lines’ household relocations. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Economics from Brown University.
Mark Greene
Sr. Vice President Services
Mark began his career at working as a college Intern. Upon earning his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Bryant College, he joined on a full-time basis. During his tenure, he has held positions as Alaska Relocation Coordinator, (General Services Administration) Manager, and Vice President International, leading him to his current position as Senior Vice President Services. In this capacity, Mark is responsible for overseeing Group’s domestic and international relationship and services. During the time Mark has been managing the business segment, has maintained exceptional Customer Satisfaction Index scores.
Group
© Copyright 2019 GroupWe provide corporate, government, military, and private residential (COD) moving services as well as specialized transportation services.
was founded in 1900 in the city of Providence, The primary business at the time was delivering coal and ice. Today, the company remains in Rhode Island and is a global leader in the transportation industry.
With a reputation for providing excellent service and a unique focus on preserving the environment, Group is the only based family-owned and operated moving and storage company that has remained dominant and successful for more than a century.
Timeline
1900 – Paul & Sons is formed in Providence, RI.
1941 – Paul's grandson, also named Paul, succeeded his grandfather as President of the company.
1955 – Paul & Sons becomes an agent for North American Van Lines.
1962 – Paul & Sons becomes a national van line and changes its name to Paul Van Lines.
1974 – David Arpin, son of Paul Arpin, joined the company after finishing his college education. David spent the next several years working as a long distance driver for the company.
1981 – Peter joined the company after spending several years in broadcasting.
1983 – The headquarters are relocated to Warwick, RI.
1989 – Paul Van Lines establishes its international freight forwarding services, International Group.
1990 – Paul Van Lines gains its first rating as #1 in overall customer satisfaction by the nation’s leading consumer information publication.
1991 – David succeeded his father as President & of Paul Van Lines.
1997 – Inc. Magazine/Grand National Award winner for superior customer focus.
1999 – Paul Van Lines, Inc. becomes the nation’s 7th largest moving company.
2000 – Paul Van Lines, Inc. celebrates its 100th anniversary.
2002 – Paul Van Lines becomes Van Lines, Inc.
2004 – International Group opens its first international office in England.
2005 – Van Lines becomes the 5th largest moving company.
2006 – The companies merge under one holding group, Group, Inc., and the second international office is opened in Singapore.
2007– Creative Storage Solutions is created. International Group continues its global expansion opening Strategic Service Centers in Canada, Hong Kong, and Germany.
2009 – is created to manage and implement all green initiatives across Group’s subsidiaries. Van Lines is certified as a ProMover®.
2010 – The Moving Academy is created as an advanced training module.
2011 – Van Lines unveils the Agency Resource Center, a one-stop resource for its agents, drivers, and corporate employees. Group rolls out PrimeSource®, a patented state-of-the-art integrated software system which helps to streamline the relocation process by utilizing efficient bar code scanning technology, resulting in a virtually paperless system.
2012 – Group completed a major construction and green renovation project of its in Rhode Island, USA.
2013 – Group established the Charitable Fund, d/b/a ArpinStrong®, a non-profit organization focused on helping those in need during natural disasters or when unfortunate circumstances arise.
2014 – Group’s is powered by 100% clean and energy. International Group opens its first office in the Middle East located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
2015 – Group established a Sustainability Committee.  
2016 – International Group opens its first customer service center in Melbourne, Australia.
2017 – International Group opens its first customer service center in Kerala, India. 
Group
© Copyright 2019 Group