After two decades of research and development, was formed in 2005, to commercialize leading-edge photovoltaic technology on flexible, plastic substrate. Ascent’s unique monolithic integration process enables the highest level of efficiency, durability & weight savings representing the potential to transform the way power can be used in everyday life. Solar’s Research and Development and its 30 nameplate production facility is in Thornton, Colorado.
By pioneering a technology that is recognized as the future of the industry, has cemented itself as the leader in the manufacturing of innovative, high performance, flexible thin-film panels for both existing and emerging defense, consumer electronic, space, and aerospace applications.
Ascent’s results-oriented team is focused on continued technical innovation while effectively developing current market opportunities and enabling customers to create transformational applications using power.
VISION
the ultimate technology and power  solutions
for remote locations and extreme  environments.
AWARDS
was presented the R& 2015 award for the development of their MilPak blanket. The MilPak™ 60 is an IP67 rated, fully integrated, mobile power solution that includes a  foldable photovoltaic blanket with an attached waterproof battery case that  houses a maximum peak power tracker, 86.5 Watt-hour of power storage with  battery management circuitry, a 55 Watt 24 volt power circuit, and two  high-current circuits.
was recognized as  one of Time Magazine’s Top 50 Inventions in 2011 for the development of their  thin-film on plastic technology. This allows for the unique possibility of  seamless integration into vehicles, buildings material and more without being  confined to rigid structures.
was recognized for  developing (Copper-Indium-Gallium-Selenide) on a polyimide substrate. This  demonstrated that cell material can be made with roll-to-roll processing  on a flexible, lightweight polyimide substrate with monolithic integration.
PROPERTY
is always innovating; resulting in over 80  and International issued patents and published patent applications.
RELATIONS
OVERVIEW
After two decades of research and development, was formed in 2005, to commercialize leading-edge photovoltaic technology on flexible, plastic substrate. Ascent’s unique monolithic integration process enables the highest level of efficiency, durability & weight savings representing the potential to transform the way power can be used in everyday life. Solar’s Research and Development and its 30 nameplate production facility is in Thornton, Colorado.
By pioneering a technology that is recognized as the future of the industry, has cemented itself as the leader in the manufacturing of innovative, high performance, flexible thin-film panels for both existing and emerging defense, consumer electronic, space, and aerospace applications.
Ascent’s results-oriented team is focused on continued technical innovation while effectively developing current market opportunities and enabling customers to create transformational applications using power.
TECHNOLOGY