®
, the logo, 
Astute140
®
, 
NephroCheck
®
, the 
NephroCheck
®
 logo, and 
AKIRisk
®
 are registered trademarks of Medical, Inc. in the United States. For information regarding trademarks and other intellectual property applicable to this product, including international trademarks, please see 
. 0094 Rev 2015/07/28             
Visual
Text

tinymce.addI18n( 'en', {"Ok":"OK","Bullet list":"Bulleted list","Insert\/Edit code sample":"Insert\/edit code sample","Url":"URL","Spellcheck":"Check Spelling","Row properties":"Table row properties","Cell properties":"Table cell properties","Paste row before":"Paste table row before","Paste row after":"Paste table row after","Cut row":"Cut table row","Copy row":"Copy table row","Merge cells":"Merge table cells","Split cell":"Split table cell","Paste is now in plain text mode. Contents will now be pasted as plain text until you toggle this option off.":"Paste is now in plain text mode. Contents will now be pasted as plain text until you toggle this option off.\n\nIf you\u2019re looking to paste rich content from Microsoft Word, try turning this option off. The editor will clean up text pasted from Word automatically.","Rich Text Area. Press ALT-F9 for menu. Press ALT-F10 for toolbar. Press ALT-0 for help":"Rich Text Area. Press Alt-Shift-for help.","You have unsaved changes are you sure you want to navigate away?":"The changes you made will be lost if you navigate away from this page.","Your browser doesn't support direct access to the clipboard. Please use the Ctrl+X\/C\/keyboard shortcuts instead.":"Your browser does not support direct access to the clipboard. Please use keyboard shortcuts or your browser\u2019s edit menu instead.","Edit ":"Edit"});
tinymce.ScriptLoader.markDone( 'http://www.astutemedical.com/wp-includes/js/tinymce/langs/en.js' );

Insert/edit link
Close
Enter the destination URL
URL
Link Text
 Open link in a new tab
Or link to existing content
Search
No search term specified. Showing recent items.
Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.
CancelOur patent portfolio exemplifies our belief in improving the diagnosis of high-risk conditions and diseases through the identification and validation of protein biomarkers. We have assembled an experienced team of scientists dedicated to providing innovative products that serve the needs of our customers.
Through this innovation, we continue to develop a portfolio of patent applications in various disease fields. Our intellectual properties include an estate of more than 30 published international patent applications, a list of which may be found  here . Our patent applications have been filed in major geographic regions including the United States, Canada, Japan, China, India, and the European Union.
Our Brand Names:
Medical® and the “AM” logo
Medical® is dedicated to improving the diagnosis of high-risk conditions and diseases through the identification and validation of protein biomarkers that can serve as the basis for novel diagnostic tests. The Company’s focus is community and hospital acquired acute conditions that require rapid diagnosis and risk assessment. Medical’s current areas of interest include abdominal pain, acute coronary syndromes, cerebrovascular injury, kidney injury and sepsis.
NephroCheck®
The NephroCheck® Test utilizes immunoassay technology to identify changes in biomarker measurements that correlate with risk for The test is performed on a small cartridge that employs proprietary microfludic engineering to conduct most sample processing steps.
Astute140®
The Astute140® Meter is a bench-top reader for the NephroCheck® Test cartridge.
Trademarks
Trademarks protect the brand names and logos used to identify our company and products. In the United States, Medical®, the logo, NephroCheck®, the NephroCheck® logo and Astute140® are registered trademarks of Medical, Inc.
In members of the European Community, Medical®, the logo, NephroCheck®, the NephroCheck® logo and Astute140® are registered trademarks of Medical, Inc.
Patents
Patents protect useful processes, machines, articles of manufacture, and compositions of matter for a limited period.
has filed numerous patent applications to protect its inventions throughout the world. For more information, please contact us at  info@astutemedical.com .
Visual
Text
Paragraph
Or link to existing content
Search
No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.
Cancel