The future of semiconductors will be dominated by More-than-Moore architectural and material innovations. has created a patented, engineered material called MST® which delivers those advancements today.
By combining a materials breakthrough with other patented techniques enables more efficient and better controlled current flow, leading to dramatic improvements in device performance and power efficiency.
engineers breathe new life into semiconductor fabs
squeezes a half to a full node of benefits out of legacy fabs and next-generation FinFETs. With an MST® license, manufacturers can address their nanoscale-geometry yield, power and performance challenges at a fraction of the cost of alternative approaches.
Quantum Engineered Materials
The future of semiconductors will be dominated by More-than-Moore architectural and material innovations. has created a new material called MST® which delivers those advancements today.
Making electronics faster and more efficient
By combining a materials breakthrough with other patented techniques enables more efficient and better controlled current flow, leading to dramatic improvements in device performance and power efficiency.
engineers
breathe new life
into semiconductor fabs
>
<
Technology at the Atomic Level
has created a patented, quantum engineered material called Mears Silicon Technology (MST®) which enhances transistors to deliver significantly better performance in today’s electronics. That means your mobile phone will have longer battery life, devices can be made smaller, and web servers will become even more powerful.
Articles
Los Gatos, 95032is a semiconductor materials and intellectual property licensing company focused on deploying its proprietary technology into the $350+ billion semiconductor industry.
Previously known as Mears Technologies, the company was founded in 2001 by Robert Mears with a vision to develop a platform of materials technologies for use across multiple industries.  In response to the slowdown in the advancement of Moore’s Law, used atomic level material science to develop Mears Silicon Technology™ (MST®) which provides multiple benefits to industry participants.  For semiconductor designers MST® improves performance and power efficiency while potentially reducing cost.  For semiconductor fabs, the technology may allow them to extend the life of their expensive manufacturing facilities by providing a new, unexpected suite of material improvements within existing process nodes.
After several years of research to perfect the technology, is now engaged with leading semiconductor companies to integrate MST® into their manufacturing flow.  On August 5, 2016, completed an initial public offering and trades on the Nasdaq stock exchange using the ticker symbol ATOM.
Headquarters
Los Gatos, 95032Scott Bibaud, President and Chief Executive Officer, Board Director
Scott Bibaud has served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a director since October 2015.  Mr. Bibaud has been active in the semiconductor industry for over 20 years.  He has successfully built a number of businesses in his career which grew to generate over $1 Billion in revenue at some of the world’s largest semiconductor companies.  Most recently he was Senior Vice President and General Manager of Altera’s Communications and Broadcast Division.  Prior to that he was Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Mobile Platforms Group at Broadcom.  Mr. Bibaud holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and an from Harvard Business School.
Robert Mears, Chief Technology Officer, Founder
Robert Mears is a recognized pioneer and leading expert in photonics and nano-scale material engineering with more than 30 years’ experience. In the mid-1980’s, Dr. Mears invented and was first to demonstrate the Erbium Doped Fiber Amplifier (EDFA), a transformative technology for broadband networks. In 2001 Dr. Mears founded Nanovis (the original predecessor company to Atomera) to leverage his insights into the nano-scale engineering of new materials. Dr. Mears has authored or co-authored approximately 250 publications and patents and is an Emeritus Fellow of Pembroke College, Cambridge, England.   Dr. Mears holds and degrees in Physics from University of Oxford and a Ph.in Electronics and Computer Science from the University of Southampton.
Erwin Trautmann, Executive Vice President of Business Development, Board Director
Erwin Trautmann has over 30 years of experience in the semiconductor industry.  Prior to becoming Executive Vice President of Business Development, Mr. Trautmann served as our Chief Executive Officer and a director from 2011-2015.  He has held various executive positions at Fortune 500 companies and possesses extensive experience in project management, product development and business leadership. Mr. Trautmann formerly served as Senior Vice President at KLA-Tencor where he was most recently responsible for the global service and support division.  From 1980-1998 Mr. Trautmann held various executive level positions with Texas Instruments including vice president of global product engineering and vice president of global quality and reliability. Mr. Trautmann holds a Dipl. Engr. (FH) degree in Chemical Technology from Fachochschule Mannheim, Germany.
Frank Laurencio, Chief Financial Officer
Frank Laurencio has over 15 years of experience in senior finance positions in high-growth technology companies ranging from networking, storage, Saaand hardware distribution.  Before joining in February 2016, Mr. Laurencio held roles at Sycomp, Orbis Global (now part of Infor), Bubbly and OnStor (now part of LSI/Avago).   Earlier in his career, Mr. Laurencio worked as a corporate and securities attorney at Davis Polk & Wardwell and in technology investment banking at Lehman Brothers.  He holds an A.B., Classics from Princeton University and a from New York University.
Dmitri Choutov, Vice President of Engineering
Dmitri Choutov has over 20 years of experience in the semiconductor industry.  Before joining in November 2015, Mr. Choutov most recently served as Director of Product Management at Lam Research.  Mr. Choutov has worked in both startup and established semiconductor companies, including as of Technology at Crocus Nano Electronics and in senior technical and engineering management roles at Maxim Integrated Products and National Semiconductor. Mr. Choutov holds an M.S, Physics from Lomonosov Moscow State University and a Ph.D., Physics from the Institute of Applied Physics, Moldova.
Headquarters
Los Gatos, 95032