About
Optoelectronics | 440 Hindry Avenue, Unit E, Los Angeles 90301 | Tel: 310-641-1338, Fax: 310-641-1338 
​The company has established specific business areas to serve the following markets:
Technology Licensing: In order to commercialize our technology, Optoelectronics has adopted technology licensing and manufacturing as its primary business strategy. will license its proprietary processes and products worldwide to enable optoelectronics manufacturers to produce high-performance products with enhanced technological features with a competitive cost advantage. 
Materials Business: Atom’s materials business complements our proprietary optoelectronics technology. has developed and provides high-performance proprietary nanomaterial processes for use in optoelectronic device fabrications.
Technology Development Services: Atom’s team of highly talented scientists and engineers also provides a range of customized technology evaluation and development services for our manufacturing clients, government contractors, as well as government agencies.
Technology Transfer Services: provides an array of transfer services, including on-site training, to facilitate the smooth adoption of both our technologies and materials by future manufacturing partners.
Mission Statement
Optoelectronics' mission is to develop new and innovative technologies for manufacturing and commercializing the next generation of low-cost, high-performance optoelectronic devices. has assembled a proven team with extensive research and business experiences that is able to take prototype products through commercialization. 
Vision
​
The vision of Optoelectronics is to innovate scalable and high throughput printing technologies for low-cost, high-performance optoelectronic devices in order to make them available for every person. Optoelectronics focuses on developing printed Single-walled Carbon Nanotubes (SWCNT) electronics and display backplanes that will become pervasive around the world. Optoelectronics has developed processes to print organic light emitting diodes (OLED) on top of printed display backplanes. Optoelectronics is working toward building a manufacturing base for printed Active Matrix Organic Light Emitting Diode (AMOLED) displays and becoming a dominant worldwide supplier of the next generation displays. 
Optoelectronics is a company founded in 2013, located on 440 Hindry Ave Unit E, Los Angeles, 90301. The company was founded to fulfill a need in supplying nanomaterials on insulators and silicon substrates to the defense sector for high frequency device/circuit applications. 
Optoelectronics will lead its commercialization efforts by utilizing its deep knowledge in applications and leveraging resources and expertise from University of California at Santa Barbara and Los Angeles. 