Our Mission & Story
Bigwas founded in 2003 with the goal of transforming one of the least efficient and resource-intensive industries: waste collection. Cities were either collecting too often and wasting fuel and labor while emitting excess CO2, or alternatively, they were not able to keep up with the demands and overflowing trash cans that created litter, health, and safety issues.
In the following years, we evolved to offer a unique and complete solution by leveraging renewable energy and information technology. Bigis a Smart Waste Management, Smart City, and Internet of Things (IoT) industry leader and is recognized as a C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group best practice. Industry knowledge & longevity in the market provides us with unparalleled insights backed by extensive data, analytics, and customer successes.
Today, we are a multi-purpose platform for building smarter cities. We are uniquely positioned as a public right-of-way platform that delivers Smart City solutions and hosts communications infrastructure. The Bigsolution is deployed in communities, campuses, and organizations in over 50 countries. We transform operations, drive efficiencies, increase productivity, and improve quality of life.
Honors & Awards
Brian Phillips
Declan O’Dea
North American Sales
Careers at BigWe’re hiring! Our business is growing and we are looking for talented and dedicated individuals to join our team. If you’re interested in contributing to what we are building, check out our open positions.
Bigis a team of skilled professionals who are passionate about their work, committed to our customers’ success and inspired to transform the way the way that cities, campuses, and organizations use technology to drive benefit for their communities. If you are driven, customer-focused, and excited about the future of Smart City technologies, then we want to hear from you.
Lifecycle Stage
Yes, would like to receive email communications from Bigbelly. (Bigneeds the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Please see our  Privacy Policy at www.bigbelly.com/privacy.)*
Bigbelly, Inc.
Needham,  |  02494  |  USABig
						Welcome to CLEAN, the Collection, Logistics, Efficiency, and Notification system from 
BigUsername or Email Address
Forgot your password?
 Request Access
Contact Support
empty