California California’s industry has led the world in transforming science into breakthrough medicines for the past four decades. not only pushes the limits of what was previously thought possible in healthcare, it is also an economic engine, providing millions of jobs to Californians and injecting billions in revenue into the California economy.
To help tell the story of biotech in California, the California was created as a 501 (c) (3) organization to serve as a trusted resource for policymakers and key stakeholders about the industry through education outreach. Since its inception in 2006, the California has enjoyed a long history of working collaboratively with policy makers to host events and briefings to connect the industry with key decision makers.
As the industry continues to evolve and innovate the world of healthcare, policy makers and health stakeholders must think of overall medical expenditures in a way that includes cost savings brought by the pursuit of breakthrough of cures and treatments that keep people living productive fulfilled lives. The developed Get the Facts to provide data and resources on medical advances in order to ensure well-informed discussions on healthcare policy.
Sign in to your account
Account LoginThe California is a 501 (c)(3) organization with a long history of working with California policy makers, opinion leaders, and other stakeholders, connecting them with the latest research and data from industry experts and research institutions. California works collaboratively with both industry leaders and key policymakers throughout the year to underscore the value of the biotech industry through:
EDUCATION
Briefings for incoming legislators provides a helpful platform to educate
and explain the contributions of the biotech industry and life science community and provide a glimpse of upcoming medical advances. The briefings are hosted in partnership with Senate and Assembly leadership, district offices or Congressional staff and offer a unique setting for lawmakers and staff to learn directly from leaders of medical innovation.
“As an elected official representing one of the largest clusters in the world, I’ve seen firsthand the critical role California’s life sciences industry continues to play in strengthening our economy and quality of life by providing hundreds of thousands of jobs, hundreds of billions in revenue and numerous life-saving therapies.”
– Senator Jerry Hill
Using the latest data, trends, and studies
creates fact sheets that lay out the facts on the value of the biotech industry to our state’s economy and to patients throughout the world. Our digital platforms and monthly newsletter continue this mission.
“look forward to helping to ensure the progress of life sciences innovators in our region and state for many years to come.”
– Toni Atkins
Senate President Pro Tem Atkins
“As Chair of the Select Committee on Biotechnology, I’ve greatly increased my awareness of the importance the biotech industry provides to California’s economy and to health innovation. encourage all legislators to better understand this industry that provides such an unique value to our state.”
– Assemblymember Kevin Mullin
Tours of biotech facilities innovation hubs throughout California
provide local and statewide policymakers, and their staff, the opportunity to see firsthand the groundbreaking discoveries being made here in our own state, and to speak with the Californians who are saving lives through their discoveries.
“The potential for the intersection of technology and healthcare to completely change and disrupt the existing healthcare ecosystem has never been more imminent.”
– Alex Gorsky, CEO
The California Biotech is a go-to resource
to help make connections and introductions for policymakers and staff who have questions or need information on the industry.
Sign in to your account
Account Login