USA
Countries & language
Discover Company, news and careers
Home
Products
All
Construction
Industrial
Customer Support
Resources & Tools
Speak To Us
How to Buy
Introducing 
Bostik's Resilient Installation Systems 
Go-To adhesives for just about any job
Learn more
Click for more
RELIABLE.
Find out what’s core to great core integrity
Get the Whitepaper
Click for more
Reduce complexity, Improve Recyclability
with innovative coatings for clear flexible packaging
Learn More
Click for more
Architect Tools
Learn More
Read more
Careers
Download App
Grout Calculator
Discover Bosti-Set™
Join Now
Product Search
View
View
View
about our products
View Product
View Product
View Product
View Product
View Product
View More Products
Latest
News 
Atwater Lounge January 16-17 in Detroit, MI.
January 16-17, 2019
Challenge:
 With many different tile products specified, one full system for the installation of all hard surface products was required. was that choice.
        
Read More
Challenge:
 Install 26,000 square feet of wood parquet over concrete flooring with high (relative humidity), with a complex structural design and an expected large amount of indoor foot traffic.
        
Read More
Winner of the Design ‘Gather 2018 Competition Announced

            The winning mosaic of the 2018 Design ‘Gather competition, sponsored by Bostik, was revealed at a special reception in New York City. Architects, designers, and industry leaders gathered at the Cupola on the rooftop of The NoMad Hotel, to watch the unveiling of “Starry Nights” designed by Kavitha Iyer.
        
Read More
View All News And Press
Join a team that makes things happen!
FAMILY, SUCCESS
Apply Now
Follow us on social
TOUCH
Phone: +1-800-726-7845
             +1-414-774-2250
Bostik, Inc, 11320 Watertown Plank Road, Wauwatosa, 53226 
Customer Service
Resources & Tools
Careers
Markets & Applications
Bostik, an Arkema companyadhesives are found almost everywhere
Want to know more about Bostik, our history, our values or our strategy? Here you’ll find a wealth of information about us.
Bonds for life 
Our business is about much more than sticking things together. For over a century, we have developed smart solutions that touch and improve people’s daily lives.
adhesives can be found almost everywhere. From cradle to grave, from home to office, from food to transport, our bonding systems are used in countless applications. Our products might be subtle but their impact is profound: contributing to a safer, more flexible, efficient and responsive world. 
global leader in adhesive technologies 
is one of the largest adhesive and sealant companies. Worldwide, we employ some 5,000 people in 50 countries across five continents. Our customers come from diverse markets, most notably the industrial manufacturing, construction and consumer sectors. 
adhesives are used in the manufacture and assembly of products in a wide range of sectors, including construction, automotive, aerospace, rail, packaging, tapes, labels, flexible lamination and footwear.
Our industrial activities are extensive and we partner with some of the biggest names in manufacturing, from leading car brands to fast moving consumer goods giants. 
Smart innovation 
We pursue innovation vigorously, applying the latest technological advances to developing ‘smart’ adhesives. Our archives are laden with examples of technologies that have disrupted markets - from potato starch-based wallpaper paste to elastic attachment adhesive for diapers.
Today, our commitment to innovation is as strong as ever. We innovate with our customers through a global R&network, comprising three international Smart Technology Centers and 11 regional centers. And we differentiate our business through this investment. That’s why in 2014, 15% of sales came from products launched in the previous three years.
By continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies to provide the ‘smartest’ possible experience. To find out more:    Click here
agree
disagreeSelect your country
For products, support & sales
Markets & Solutions
Our leading technologies
Discover Company, news and careers
Home
Our Company
About Arkema
About 
aRkema
world player in speciality chemicals – and a smart fit with global chemical company and France’s leading chemicals producer, Arkema has 137 production sites and 13 research centers across some 50 countries and employs around 19,200 people.
The Arkema group generates annual revenues of €7.5 billion, and holds leadership positions in all its markets with a portfolio of internationally recognized brands.
Building the future of the chemical industry
With the acquisition of in February 2015, Arkema has taken significant steps in completing a project fully in line with its strategy to:
strengthen its position in speciality chemicals
continue developing its High Performance Materials segment
By 2020, the Arkema group is aiming to become one of the global leaders in speciality chemicals and to generate sales of €10 billion.
Learn more about Arkema
More in this section
Our History
Our Strategy
Our Leadership
Press Release: 
Arkema Acquires Read more
Discover More
 about our company
Our 
Brand
Gecko?
Our 
History
View More
Our
 Strategy
Read It Now
Read All 
About It
The Blog
Our 
Awards
View Our Awards
What are 
Smart Adhesives?
Find Out Here
Posts
Fix & Flash from “Voted Product of the Year 2019”
Read more

            Arkema is expanding in engineering adhesives with the announcement of the acquisition of Afinitica, a Spanish company specializing in instant adhesives, also known as cyanoacrylates. This small targeted acquisition will enable to develop a solid position in adhesives used in markets with strong growth potential.
        
Read more
announces price increases
Effective November 1st 2018, will increase the prices of its products by an average of 7 to 9 percent, depending on business unit and region.
Read more
Launches Latest Hot Melt Adhesive Innovation in Kizen® Product Family
Bostik, a leading global adhesive specialist for industrial, construction and consumer markets, has announced it will launch Kizen HEAT, the latest hot melt adhesive in the Kizen product line for case and carton sealing applications, at this year’s in Chicago, on October 14-17.
Read more
Facebook Corporate
Twitter Corporate
Youtube Corporate
LinkedIn
Worldwide
Select your location
Select your location
North America
Canada
Mexico
USA
Europe
Austria
Belgium
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Mydrin Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom
Africa/Middle East
Israel
Morocco
South Africa
Asia/Pacific
Australia
中国
India
Indonesia
Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
South America
Brasil
About Smart Adhesives
Careers
Markets & Solutions
Bostik, an 
Company