is proud to be an employee-owned geotechnical engineering, environmental consulting, and testing firm which has grown to over 1,000 employee-owners.
At Intertec, our employees own the company through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). Our employee-owner culture is a driver of our success. Because our employee-owners have a financial interest in the company, they have a vested interest in delivering quality services to our clients. The model is supported by developing programs that compensate, communicate to and inspire others to “think and act like owners.” We work to build a community of employee-owners through team-building events and activities.
Our workplace is full of engaged employee-owners who value and encourage a healthy workplace. At our firm, we promote employee health to encourage a productive lifestyle both at work and at home. Our wellness initiatives continue to have a positive impact on the lives and well-being of our people. We offer a variety of health management resources and tools focused on diet, nutrition, exercise, education, and disease-management. In addition, we continue to identify tools that address the health needs and priorities that are important to our employee-owners.
Purpose: The Driving Force
Innovating for our clients and contributing to our communities while preserving our independence.
Mission: What Must Be Done
To build mutually beneficial, trust-based relationships by delivering highly valued engineering, consulting, testing and design solutions.
Vision: What’s Possible
To be both the Consultant of Choice and Employer of Choice
Values: What Is Important
Integrity is the bedrock for the trust we earn every day
Respect for our clients, employees and communities
Collaboration that cements our relationship
Entrepreneurial spirit that is promoted by independent employee ownership and creative action
Innovation that powers industry-leading solutions for clients
Sustainable growth that generates opportunities for employee achievement
Let's Talk
How can our science be part of your next success?Over the years, the team has been recognized for their expertise and innovative solutions by many industries and publications. We are consistently recognized both for our work as well as being a great place to work.
2017
Minnesota Brownfield's ReScape Awards - 700 Central
Minnesota Brownfield's ReScape Awards - University of Combined Heat and Power Plant
Prairie Business Magazine - 50 Best Places to Work
2016
Bismarck-Mandan Young Professionals Network - Top Ten Places to Work
Top 500 Design Firm
Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal - Top Twin Cities Engineering Firm
Star Tribune Top Workplaces
Zweig Group Hot Firm
ACEC/Lifetime Achievement Award - Cameron "Cam" Kruse
Top 500 Design Firm
Upper Midwest Entrepreneur of the Year - Jon Carlson
2015 Environmental Leadership Award - John Phillips
Star Tribune Top Workplaces
Zweig Group Hot Firm
APWA-Project of the Year Award for Anoka County 14
Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist - Jon Carlson
Minnesota Brownfields ReScape Finalist - Bank Midwest
Star Tribune Top Workplaces
Zweig Group Best Firm to Work For
Zweig Group Hot Firm
ACEC/Honor Award - Robbinsdale Schools Athletic Facilities
Minnesota Brownfields ReScape Award - Environmental Impact for Robbinsdale Middle School
Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal Fast 50 List - #38
Minnesota Society of Professional Engineers (MnSPE) Seven Wonders of Engineering Award - 610
MnMerit Award - Anoka County Road 14
Star Tribune Top Workplaces
Zweig Group Hot Firm
Minnesota Brownfields ReScape Finalist - Armory Square
Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal Fast 50 List - #39
Zweig Group Best Firm to Work For
2011
Star Tribune Top Workplaces
Zweig Group Hot Firm
ACEC/Honor Award - I-35Bridge Drilled Shaft Load Test
Outstanding Achievement Award from Institute of Technology of the University of Minnesota
Notable Awards
MnSeven Wonders of Engineering Award  - I-35Bridge Drilled Shaft
2009 ACEC/Firm of the Year
2007 National Safety Award
2001 Top 25 Engineering Firms by City Business - 2nd place
Let's Talk
How can our science be part of your next success?Our History
In 1957, company founder Jack was newly graduated from the University of Minnesota with a in Civil Engineering when he started providing soil testing services from his Minneapolis home. As the company grew and evolved to adapt to industry changes, new services were added, including environmental consulting and geotechnical engineering. Extending beyond Minnesota borders, brought its expertise to other neighboring states, including North Dakota, Iowa, and Wisconsin. In 2015, our company has expanded further into Texas as well as into Kansas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma.
Today, is a 100% employee-owned consulting firm that provides geotechnical engineering, environmental consulting, and testing solutions for private and public sectors with offices across the central United States. As we continue to build relationships in emerging markets and recruit new talent, we never lose sight of our humble beginnings and the many strong and supportive relationships we have formed along our journey. It is our goal to be the Consultant of Choice. Each of our employees is dedicated to making this goal a reality every day by building strong client and business partnerships.
June 15, 1957
1966
First modern drill rig owned by any local firm is purchased
1968
1974
1975
1977
1979
1984
1990
1990
1997
1999
2000
Won second place in Top 25 Engineering Firms by City Business
2002
Headquarters moves to current location in Minneapolis, MN
2006
2007
2007
2009
2009
2012
2015
2015
2015
2017
2018
Let's Talk
How can our science be part of your next success?