Advanced Materials Research at the National Synchrotron Light Source (NSLS).
High school students get the inside track on at BNL.
The Solenoidal Tracker at (STAR)
Neuroscientist Joanna Fowler addresses students who have been accepted to Stony Brook University.
Directional radiation detection systems for Homeland Security
Advanced Materials Research at the National Synchrotron Light Source (NSLS).
The Department of Energy’s (DOE)  National Laboratory (BNL)  is a significant asset to our country, through its scientific leadership and its economic impact not only on Long Island, but throughout all of New York state and the Northeast. National Laboratory is managed on behalf of by (BSA), a partnership between  Stony Brook University  and  Battelle . also engages six of the world’s premier research universities (Columbia, Cornell, Harvard, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton and Yale) in the governance and oversight of the Laboratory. The combined strengths of these entities make significant contributions to BNL.About
The Department of Energy’s (DOE) National Laboratory (BNL) is a significant asset to our country, through its scientific leadership and its economic impact not only on Long Island, but throughout all of New York state and the Northeast.
National Laboratory is managed on behalf of by (BSA), a partnership between Stony Brook University and Battelle . also engages six of the world’s premier research universities (Columbia, Cornell, Harvard, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton and Yale) in the governance and oversight of the Laboratory. The combined strengths of these entities make significant contributions to BNL.
As a leading research university in close proximity to the site, Stony Brook offers scientific collaborations, joint initiatives, and joint research appointments in BNL’s core research areas, and provides a variety of services to staff. As the world’s largest nonprofit research organization and manager or co-manager of six national laboratories, Battelle offers management systems and tools designed specifically for research. The affiliated research universities offer world-leading experts for scientific oversight as well as additional opportunities for research partnerships, joint appointments, and other forms of collaboration.
is committed to the future of National Laboratory as both a world-leading scientific organization and as a source of technology innovation benefitting our region, our nation and our world.Board of Directors
is governed by a 16-member Board of Directors: Five are appointed by Stony Brook University , five by Battelle , and one each from six of the nation's premier research universities: Columbia , Cornell , Harvard , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Princeton , and Yale .
The Board is responsible for:
• Setting overall Laboratory policy and direction (see & Technology Steering Committee)
• Conducting an annual review of overall contract performance
• Conducting independent corporate self-assessments, and
• Providing advice and assistance to the Laboratory Director on significant scientific, technical, or management issues.
Dr. Samuel Stanley is the current chair of the Board.
The Board is supported by several committees, including the & Technology Steering Committee, which commissions peer reviews of BNL's programs and scientific facilities, and advises the Board on scientific direction, user facility operation, and management and policy matters that directly affect the Laboratory's mission.
Board Members
Board Chair 
Stony Brook University
Battelle
Designee for:
Battelle
Designee for:
Vice President for Office of Affairs; Professor, Department of Geosciences, Stony Brook University
National LaboratoryHome
About 
About BSA
Board of Directors
Steering Committee 
Contributions to Safety 
in the Community
news
contact
& Technology Steering Committee
Composition of the Committee

                                    The Committee serves at the pleasure of the Board. The committee consists of two members selected by each Board Institution (16 members), and up to four additional members that may be nominated by the Director to assure broad and diverse programmatic coverage. Members of the serve for three-year terms, which can be renewed as appropriate.
Membership turnover should be staggered to assure continuity. The elects its Chair and Deputy Chair for three-year terms.
Committee Meetings 
The STSC, in cooperation with the Deputy Director for S&T, determines the frequency of meetings, but no less than twice in each calendar year.
Reporting Structure
The Committee reports to the Board. The Committee Chair or Deputy Chair sends a summary report of each Committee meeting to the Chair of the Board. The Chair attends Board meetings at least once per year. The Committee also reports its findings to the Director and Deputy Director for & Technology of The Laboratory point of contact of the Committee is the Deputy Director for & Technology.
It is provided with overviews of research proposals, projects, progress, and provides formal comments to the Director and cognizant Associate Director(s). It commissions independent visiting committees and peer reviews on a regular basis, and can establish ad hoc study panels in cooperation with the Deputy Director for S&The Committee conducts reviews of tenure cases and makes recommendations to the Board. The Committee is advised of termination of employment of tenured scientists and makes a recommendation to the Board.
Dr. Barbara Baird
Dr. Louis Brus
Dr. Vitaly Citovosky
Dr. Gary Feldman
Dr. Amy Heintz
Dr. Daniel Marlow
Dr. Richard Milner
Dr. Anna Marie Pyle

Departments of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology and Department of Chemistry
Dr. David Rubin
Dr. Michael Rubner
Dr. Frans Spaepen
 (Chair)
Dr. George Sterman
Dr. John Wettlaufer
Dr. Ali Yazdani
Prof. William Zajc
One of ten national laboratories overseen and primarily funded by the Office of of the Department of Energy (DOE), National Laboratory conducts research in the physical, biomedical, and environmental sciences, as well as in energy technologies and national security. Lab also builds and operates major scientific facilities available to university, industry and government researchers. is operated and managed for DOE’s Office of by Associates, a limited-liability company founded by Stony Brook University, the largest academic user of Laboratory facilities, and Battelle, a nonprofit, applied and technology organization.Battelle/Stony Brook University partnership retains contract it has held since 1998
BROOK, NY, COLUMBUS, 11/12/14 - , (BSA) has been selected by the Department of Energy (DOE) to continue managing and operating National Laboratory under a new five-year base contract. Established as a partnership between Battelle and Stony Brook University , has managed Lab since 1998.
“National Laboratory is a prestigious research institution that is helping to drive the future of and technology in New York,” Governor Andrew Cuomo said. “The selection of to continue operating the Lab underscores the fundamental role they play not just in Long Island’s economy, but throughout our world in fields ranging from medicine to renewable energy. New York State and Stony Brook University have been long-time partners with the Lab, and look forward to seeing that partnership continue to support the best and brightest minds around in the years ahead.”
The new contract begins on Jan. 5, 2015, and has a base term of five years, with up to 15 additional years that can be earned through award-term incentives.
“We are excited by this opportunity to continue the Lab’s trajectory as a national and international research leader; to streamline operations and business management; to continue the safety and accountability of Lab employees; and, to continue the positive community relations built upon communication, transparency and trust. The collaborations and discoveries that have taken place over the past 16 years are a testament to what we have accomplished together and the potential for what we can continue to accomplish is even greater.”
With extensive core research capabilities and a rich history of scientific breakthroughs that includes seven Nobel Prizes , National Laboratory advances the mission of DOE’s Office of through the study of nuclear and particle physics to gain a deeper understanding of matter, energy, space, and time; photon sciences and nanomaterials research to address energy problems of critical importance to the nation; and cross-disciplinary research to understand the relationship between climate change, sustainable energy, and Earth’s ecosystems. The Lab’s annual budget of approximately $650 million supports 2,850 full-time employees and the operation of world-leading research facilities used by more than 4,000 visiting researchers each year.
Both of BSA’s partner organizations are deeply invested in lab’s current and future success. Stony Brook University is a major user of lab facilities, and those facilities and the Laboratory's scientific staff are essential to the vitality of the university's intellectual life and to the impact of many of its research programs. These programs are strengthened by 23 joint Brookhaven/Stony Brook appointments ; joint initiatives, including the Center for Accelerator and Education and the energy-focused Center for Mesoscale Transport Properties; and joint research endeavors in areas ranging from nuclear physics to nanoscience.
***
Battelle
National Laboratory
***
Chancellor Nancy Zimpher:
“Today’s announcement from the Department of Energy that -- a partnership between Stony Brook University and Battelle -- will continue managing and operating National Laboratory is a tremendous win for the State University of New York, Long Island, and all of New York State. The Lab's internationally renowned researchers and facilities are driving innovation, discovery, and economic activity. By extending SUNY’s partnership with the Lab, Stony Brook University students will have unprecedented access to internships and job training in cutting-edge fields. Our faculty can continue to collaborate with top scientists and pursue research in highly specialized laboratories on the most advanced equipment in the world. Congratulations to President Stanley, BSA, and the entire leadership team at Stony Brook University on this outstanding achievement.”
Senator Chuck Schumer:
“BSA’s management of the world-renowned National Laboratory has been lab-tested and approved, and applaud the Department of Energy for making the right choice to award this contract to Under the leadership of Stony Brook University and Battelle Memorial Institute, took the reins of the Lab’s management when the Lab itself was under the microscope, and have since delivered world-class and managed massive upgrades and construction of facilities including the National Synchrotron Light Source II, the Center for Functional Nanomaterials and the Interdisciplinary Building.  am proud to have worked over the years to keep National Laboratory strong and to create a bond with Stony Brook, so that this continues to be a job-creating innovation hub for Long Island, New York and the whole country.” 
Senator Kirsten Gillibrand:
“This is great news for Stony Brook University and National Laboratory.  am pleased that the Department of Energy recognized that for the past 16 years, Associates, which is a partnership between Stony Brook University and Battelle, has successfully managed National Laboratory and has trusted in them to continue to lead the laboratory in world class research and technology development. As the largest on-site employer on Long Island, this announcement is also great news for the thousands of Long Islanders employed by the university and the Lab, and will help to continue the university’s work with National Laboratory to advance cutting-edge research and create local jobs in the region.”
Congressman Tim Bishop:
“Over the years, have had the good fortune to get to know the management team, as well as many of the hardworking researchers at and Stony Brook University. am glad that the Department of Energy has selected to lead  BSA’s management team knows the lab, the researchers and the region in a way that will help the Lab to grow and benefit Long Island’s economy.”
Congressman-Elect Lee Zeldin:
“applaud today's decision by the Department of Energy to continue Lab's management by Stony Brook University and Battelle Memorial Institute.  Working together, Lab and Stony Brook make Long Island a global research center that attracts the best and brightest researchers and faculty from around the world while creating high-paying jobs and educating tomorrow's scientists.  look forward to working with both institutions and wish all continued success.”
Senator Kenneth LaValle:
“congratulate Stony Brook University and Battelle on the Department of Energy’s renewal of Associates.   The synergy that has developed with the joint appointments of faculty and researchers has resulted in world-renowned discoveries, while providing hands-on educational opportunities for the next generation of scientists. By extending this agreement, the thousands of and Stony Brook researchers and employees will be able to continue their exemplary findings today, and in the future.”
Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone:
“Congratulations to both Stony Brook University and Battelle Memorial Institute for making the success it is today and for winning the continued confidence of the Department of Energy. Both Stony Brook University and are two of Suffolk County's largest employers providing job opportunities throughout a myriad of professions which continue to support Suffolk County’s economy.  What is good for Stony Brook University and is good for Suffolk County through the creation of tens of thousands of jobs.”
Town of Supervisor Edward Romaine:
“Town is the proud home of two of the finest research institutions in the world – Stony Brook University and National Laboratory.   am delighted that the Department of Energy recognized BSA’s lab management success and join with them in the confidence that and the thousands of employees will continue to deliver discoveries that will forever impact the world.”
About (BSA) was established for the sole purpose of managing and operating National Laboratory. Formed as a 50-50 partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York (SUNY) on behalf of Stony Brook University, is the legal entity responsible for leading Lab successfully through the 21st century. also engages six of the world’s premier research universities—Columbia, Cornell, Harvard, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Princeton, and Yale—in the governance and oversight of the Laboratory.
About Battelle
Every day, the people of Battelle apply and technology to solving what matters most. At major technology centers and national laboratories around the world, Battelle conducts research and development, designs and manufactures products, and delivers critical services for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Columbus, Ohio since its founding in 1929, Battelle serves the national security, health and life sciences, and energy and environmental industries. For more information, visit www.battelle.org. 
About Stony Brook University
Part of the State University of New York system, Stony Brook University encompasses 200 buildings on 1,450 acres. Since welcoming its first incoming class in 1957, the University has grown tremendously, now with more than 24,500 students, nearly 3,000 faculty and 20 Division athletic programs. Its membership in the prestigious Association of American Universities (AAU) places Stony Brook among the top 62 research institutions in North America. News & World Report ranks Stony Brook among the top 40 public universities in the nation and Kiplinger named it the 29th best value in public colleges for in-state students and 20th for out-of-state students. One of four University Center campuses in the system, Stony Brook University co-manages National Laboratory, putting it in an elite group of universities that run federal research and development laboratories. As the largest single-site employer on Long Island, Stony Brook is a driving force of the regional economy, with an annual economic impact of $4.65 billion, generating nearly 60,000 jobs, and accounts for nearly 4% of all economic activity in Nassau and Suffolk counties, and roughly 7.5 percent of total jobs in Suffolk County.
About National Laboratory
One of ten national laboratories overseen and primarily funded by the Office of of the Department of Energy (DOE), National Laboratory conducts research in the physical, biomedical, and environmental sciences, as well as in energy technologies and national security. Lab also builds and operates major scientific facilities available to university, industry and government researchers. is operated and managed for DOE's Office of by Associates, a limited-liability company founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, the largest academic user of Laboratory facilities, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied and technology organization.