This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Our Promise
chemical by itself doesn’t solve problems. But when that chemical is supported by our rigorously trained industry experts and complemented with the highest-quality products, the latest smart technology and advanced data analysis, then it becomes a solution. is completely committed to helping you succeed, regardless of the challenges facing you, the industry you operate in or your location in the world. We’re all focused on helping your operation improve productivity, increase profitability and ensure safety, compliance and sustainability. We are Chemistry, connected.
Our Story
Back in 1945, when news from World War was printed daily, paper mills didn’t think twice about shutting down for hours to clean bacterial deposits. They weren’t thinking about the thousands of gallons of additional water this process required. Or the impact to their operations, their bottom line and the environment. This was simply the way things were done.
Until Dr. Stanley Buckman, a biochemist from Memphis, Tennessee, introduced those paper mills to biocides, an innovative chemical solution that provided an alternative to shutting down. Applying Dr. Buckman’s chemistry throughout the process kept mills from having to shut down as much, if even at all, saving them untold time and money.
With that one chemical solution, a company was born. Dr. started on the site of an old lumberyard in Memphis, with a single 50-gallon reactor and a team of five. The first product created was named BSM-11 and was used to control bacteria.
Today, we are still producing BSM-11 for the pulp and paper industry. We’ve also expanded into industrial water treatment and process chemistry, and chemical solutions for the leather industry. But as much as things have changed in the past 70+ years, one thing has remained the same: we are still completely focused on solving our customers’ problems.
Buckman's History
Have you ever wondered how we got to where we are today? Check out Buckman's complete history.This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
What does it mean to be a Customer?
Buckman’s purpose is to be your trusted advisor, creating innovative solutions that help you succeed. For us to do that, we must follow our  Fundamentals , putting 100% of our focus on you to make sure your customer experience is nothing less than superior. With quality communication at our core, and a deep understanding of your business, your needs and your goals, we are committed to connecting you with the best team, chemistries, innovation and results. That’s what we mean by Chemistry, connected.
For starters, we arm our sales force with an uncommonly extensive range of knowledge and expertise. This isn’t just “read a few articles” or “watch training videos” knowledge. It’s literally hundreds of hours of instructor-led training, ranging from a 4-day class on nonmicrobiological deposit control to 28 hours of training on our water treatment applications. That’s the kind of training that transforms a dedicated sales team into a committed group of trusted advisors.
When you make the decision to become our customer, you are entering into a partnership with our entire organization, from sales to R&to technical services, and everywhere in between.
Beginning with your first purchase, before we pump even one drop of product into your machines, our experts meet with you and your personnel to begin making the transition to as easy as possible. Together, we conduct a workshop that includes anyone affected by the supplier change. We take time to ask you about your expectations, problems and goals. These one-on-one interviews give us the insight to develop a plan that communicates exactly what is expected and required of us as your supplier and how we measure those expectations. So, what exactly does success look like? We think we are most successful when we help companies solve problems, optimize safety, raise efficiency and increase profitability.
But that is just the beginning. We want to see you through every hardship endured, every milestone reached and every celebration.
Being a Customer Means We have Your Back
As a customer, you have unlimited resources at your fingertips. Whether you are experiencing a seasonal or ongoing issue, a new and complex problem, or have a specific question, you can be confident that our team can help. We start with the facility personnel closest to the problem and add knowledgeable experts to the conversation, like our chemists in technical services or a regional manager with 30 years of experience. Becoming your trusted advisor is important to us, so we are committed to providing fast and accurate results.
Our technical services department delivers quality work, fast.
Together, we brainstorm, analyze and conduct tests until we reach the solution. By collaborating with our sales team, technical services, industry experts in research and development, and utilizing outside strategic alliances, we find solutions that are as unique as your problem. The solution could be finding a new way to use an existing product, upgrading or enhancing a current application, or creating a new one altogether.
That’s what our Research & Development specialists are known for. Take a look at our annual numbers.
After we find a solution that is right for you, our work isn’t done. Through business reviews, continuous improvement practicing, and ongoing monitoring and measurement, you can trust that we will be by your side every step of the way.
But what if something does happen?
It’s 2 a.m. and your phone alerts you that one of your pumps stopped. Your first frantic thought is to call your rep. But you quickly realize OnSite® was what alerted you in the first place. Your sales rep received the same alert and either restarted the pump at the mill or did so remotely via cell phone. Either way, you can rest easy.
Our Supply Chain is Customer-focused
We’re hyper-focused on you, our customer. We truly are. And while we like to maximize nearly everything we do – like your ROI, productivity and cost savings – there are also some things that we minimize, like transit and lead times. Our supply chain team works day and night delivering finished products to you on time and in the safest way possible.
We continuously improve our supply chain processes by collaborating with suppliers and keeping up with best practices. Doing this allows us to procure a broad range of materials to provide you with the best value for your investment.
Customer Service Wants to Hear from You
Whether you want to tell us how much you love us, offer suggestions for how we could do things differently, or have questions on things like inventory planning, logistics, delivery or service, we would love to hear from you. After all, we want to develop long-term relationships with our customers. And the key to a strong relationship is communication.
We’ve taken time to digitize and streamline our entire production and delivery process and we want to make sure you’re as happy with it as we are. Our sales associates use online ordering through OnSite, ensuring accurate and timely communications with customer service. Customer Service is available (by phone, fax or email) to answer any questions or concerns you have throughout the ordering process.
The positive changes we’ve made are no accident. We’re listening to our customers’ ideas and suggestions from the Customer Survey and putting them into action.
You know where you are. And you know where you want to go. Let be the trusted advisor that helps get you there.
Contact Us
First Name*
Last Name*
100% Responsibility
We take 100% Responsibility for how we choose to respond to what happens to us and to the world. We are responsible for the strength, integrity and growth of our company, aggressively pursuing new opportunities while remaining committed to our core values. That’s the foundation for everything we do at Buckman. That's The Way.