This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site without changing your browser settings, you are agreeing to Cabot’s use of cookies. 
Learn More
Investors
Careers
Newsroom
Advancing
Overview
Consumer
Environment
Infrastructure
Transportation
@
cabotlabs
Solutions
Applications
Products 
+
Product Index
Responsibility
Overview
Our Commitment
Value Chain
Environment
People
Community
Product Stewardship Resource Library
Company
Overview
About Foundation
Worldwide Locations
Newsroom
Investors
Careers
Events
Contact Us
Investors
Careers
Newsroom
Delivering a broad range of products and solutions to customers in every corner of the globe.
is a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company serving key industries including transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer. Our people are empowered to share ideas, compare new findings, and collaborate to ensure we capture the best thinking across our global network.
More about View Locations
Global Reach
Business-to-business company serving customers worldwide
Global Growth
New research center in Amersfoort, the Netherlands
Our People
Approximately 4,500 employees worldwide
Responsibility
We are proud to support the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
Giving Back
$1.45donated or pledged in 2017
Elevating Talent
Global implementation of our Developing Leaders program
Join the Team and Advance your Career
Career Opportunities
Awards
Our people around the world are recognized for excellence
Environment
We set new environmental goals and targets to help us drive performance
Advancing
$56invested in research and technologies in FY2017
Corporate Giving
Our global philanthropic efforts give priority to science and technology education, safety, health and environmental improvements and programs that improve human services in our communities.
Foundation, Inc.
Newsroom
Your source for press releases, company information, images and more.
History
We have been innovating in the specialty chemical industry since 1882.
Connect
View our schedule of upcoming events.
Company
About Careers
Newsroom
Investors
Financial Information
News Releases
Leadership Team
Documents
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Tax Strategy
Terms of Sale
Get in touch
Contact Us
Worldwide Locations
Upcoming Events
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Forward Looking Statements
Transparency in Supply Chain Disclosure
© 1995-2018 Corporation. All rights reserved worldwideThis website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site without changing your browser settings, you are agreeing to Cabot’s use of cookies. Learn More
(NYSE: CBT) is a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Our businesses deliver a broad range of products and solutions to customers in every corner of the globe, serving key industries such as transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer. We provide performance solutions that solve customers' challenges today while preparing them to meet tomorrow’s needs. Our commitment to innovation is driven by a passion to advance our customers' businesses through our deep understanding of their industries and the global trends that impact their operations.
Innovation
The power of is that we combine this knowledge with our technical expertise and, ultimately partner with our customers to create value through innovation and technology. Our strength in research and development is a major reason why we have been an industry leader for more than 130 years in products  such as rubber and specialty carbons, cesium formate brines, activated carbon, aerogel, fine cesium chemicals, fumed metal oxides, graphenes, inkjet colorants, masterbatches and conductive compounds. We continue to innovate through @cabotlabs , which integrates our expert team of engineers, scientists and researchers with market intelligence and technology leadership to deliver solutions for tomorrow. 
Global leadership
With approximately 4,500 employees worldwide , our customers appreciate our global leadership positions in the industries we serve and our commitment to helping them grow wherever they do business. Our people are driven and inventive, and they represent some of the best technical, commercial and manufacturing talent in the industry. 
We value integrity, respect, excellence and responsibility. We are committed to living these values every day as they are an integral part of the way we conduct business with our customers, partners, distributors, shareholders and colleagues.
Responsibility
We are committed to improving our energy efficiency and process technology across our entire global footprint. We operate with sustainable business practices that ensure the well-being of our employees, customers and our surrounding communities. As a result, we have earned a reputation for producing high-quality solutions while continuing to set the industry standard with respect to sustainability and safety.
We are a team that cares deeply about our customers and shareholders. As a global enterprise with leading technical and market positions, we aspire to achieve superior financial performance for our stakeholders.
Vision and Strategy
Our Vision
We will be the most innovative, respected and responsible leader in our markets – delivering performance that makes a difference. 
Our strategy is to extend our leadership in performance materials by investing for growth in our core businesses, driving application innovation with our customers, and generating strong cash flows through efficiency and optimization.