Home
About CNT
J-for the Semiconductor Market
Cost of Ownership
Executive Team
Products
Imprio 450
MR5000
Technology
J-Overview
Imprint Masks
Materials
Drop Pattern Generator
Imprint Resolution and Pattern Transfer
Alignment and Overlay
Throughput
Process Defectivity
J-and the Environment
Careers
Contact Us
You are here: 
Home
Jet and Flash and J-are trademarks of Molecular Imprints, Inc. / / Copyright © 2019  · · Austin, · About CNT
In April 2014, completed the acquisition of Molecular Imprints’ semiconductor business. The business has been renamed Nanotechnologies. Nanotechnologies, together with Canon, is the market and technology leader for high-resolution, low cost-of-ownership nanoimprint lithography systems and solutions for the semiconductor industry. systems feature its innovative Jet and Flash Imprint Lithography (J-FIL) technology to help create the extremely small features required in today’s state-of-the-art semiconductor memory devices.
World’s Market and Technology Leader for High-resolution, Low Cost-of-Ownership sub-20nm Nanoimprint Lithography Systems for the Semiconductor Industry
was originally founded as Molecular Imprints, Inc. (MII) in Austin, Texas in 2001, a spin out from the University of Texas. has applied for over 700 patents, resulting in a growing portfolio of over 170 patents issued covering imprint tools, imprint materials and masks/templates, process technology and imprint-specific device designs. Jet and Flash Imprint Lithography (J-FIL) , powered by our Drop Pattern Generator  system, is the heart of Nanotechnologies’ advanced nanoimprint technology, allowing precise placement of curable imprint resist on substrates in picoliter quantities, enabling uniform and consistent nanoimprinting of features down to 10nm and below at very low cost. delivers this value to customers through integration of a unique set of core competencies and partnerships that cover lithography, precision nanomechanics, fluid dynamics, surface chemistry and materials formulation.
With a focus on providing manufacturing solutions, over 60 J-systems have already been shipped worldwide. Customer engagements for semiconductor device development and manufacturing have included Toshiba, Intel and Sematech.
Our unique nanoimprinting capability continues to gain acceptance towards high volume manufacturing in advanced semiconductor non-volatile memory (NVM). Working with industry partners (mask, materials, and stepper platforms) Canon’s J-stepper systems are planned for sub-20nm memory production ramp in 2015.
J-has demonstrated sub-20nm capability within the semiconductor industry and is extensible to the sub-10nm regime enabling the economical continuation of Moore’s Law. drop-in replacement technology, Nanotechnologies’ systems are being evaluated for mix-and-match strategies with 193nm lithography where J-FIL’s resolution and cost advantages will be focused on critical layers, particularly in leading edge devices.Executive Team
Dwayne LaBrake, President and CEO
Dr. Dwayne LaBrake is the President and Chief Executive Officer of (CNT), a subsidiary of Inc., located in Austin TX, and focused on the development and manufacture of imprint lithography tools. Preceding his present role, Dwayne was CNT’s Senior of Process and Materials Technology.  Prior to joining CNT, Dwayne worked for the 3Company (1993 to 2003) where he served in a variety of Senior R&and Program Management roles. His last seven years were spent in the Optical Components Program where he had business and technical responsibility for the military and navigation markets. Dwayne led a nine member team in the successful commercialization of Fiber Bragg gratings for dispersion compensation. He was consistently nominated for and twice won the company’s annual Circle of Technical Excellence award during his tenure at 3Dwayne received his Ph.in Physical Chemistry from Loyola University of Chicago.
Mark Melliar-Smith, Advisor
Dr. Mark Melliar-Smith is the former Chief Executive Officer for Nanotechnologies. Previously, he was the and of Molecular Imprints (2004-2014), a Venture Partner with Austin Ventures (2002-2003), the President and of (1997 to 2001) and the Chief Technical Officer for Lucent Technologies Microelectronics from 1990 through 1996. In his forty five year career in high technology, Mark has held a wide variety of technical and management positions in R&D, manufacturing and business management, including Executive Director of the Bell Laboratories Photonics and Integrated Circuit Division, and also as the and General Manager of the AT&Lightwave Business Unit. Dr. Melliar-Smith holds BS, Phand degrees, and lives with his wife, Pat, in Austin Texas.
Sreenivasan, Chief Technologist
Dr. Sreenivasan is the Chief Technologist of Nanotechnologies. He is one of the inventors of  Jet and Flash Imprint Lithography (J-FIL)  technology. He is also the Joe Walter Endowed Chair Professor in Engineering at The University of Texas at Austin. He received his Ph.in mechanical engineering from The Ohio State University, and a Engr. with Honors in mechanical engineering from the National Institute of Technology, Trichy, India. His research is in the area of high throughput nanomanufacturing as applied to electronics, photonics, flexible and wearable devices, terabit density data storage, and emerging biomedical and clean energy applications. Dr. Sreenivasan has published over 100 technical articles and holds over 100 patents in the area of nanomanufacturing. He has received several awards for his work including Technology Pioneer Award by the World Economic Forum in 2005, University of Texas Chancellors’ Award for Entrepreneurship in 2007, The American Society of Mechanical Engineers Leonardo da Vinci Award in 2009, the O’Donnell Award for Technology Innovation conferred by The Academy of Medicine, Engineering and Science of Texas (TAMEST) in 2010, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers William Ennor Manufacturing Technology Award in 2011, and the University of Texas Inventor of the Year Award in 2012.
Doug Resnick, of Marketing and Business Development
Dr. Doug Resnick is the Vice President of Marketing and Business Development for Nanotechnologies. Prior to this role, Doug served as the of Mask Technology and later as the of Strategic Development for Molecular Imprints. Previously, Doug worked for Motorola Research Labs (1990- 2004), where he was responsible for developing their imprint lithography research program. Doug started his career with AT&Labs (1981-1990), where his development programs included x-ray lithography, e-beam direct write, and plasma etching of photomasks. He has authored or coauthored over 160 technical publications and is an inventor of more than 29 patents. He has served as the conference chair for both the and Microlithography Symposiums. Doug received his Ph.from the Ohio State University in the field of Solid State Physics.
Dr. Byung Jin Choi, of Advanced Engineering
Dr. Byung Jin Choi is the Vice President of Advanced Engineering for Nanotechnologies. He received his Ph.in mechanical engineering from The University of Texas at Austin. Dr. Choi has authored or co-authored many technical articles and holds over 100 and international patents in the area of precision engineering and nano-imprinting. During the Post Doctorate program at Austin, he was in charge of tool and process development of drop on demand nano imprinting processes. After joining Molecular Imprints Inc. (MII) as the earliest technical staff, he has been continuously leading tool & process R&He was honored with the Patent Award in 2015.