HEADQUARTERS
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Just enter the product number
and get the right away.
CUSTOMERS
1 (800) 648-4579 for Customer Service
or email cs_orders@chemtreat.com.
ChemTreat, Inc. 5640 Cox Road
Glen Allen, Virginia 23060
Just enter the product number
and get the right away.
CUSTOMERS
1 (800) 648-4579 for Customer Service
or email cs_orders@chemtreat.com.
We are providing customers with water treatment services that maximize system effectiveness through a unique combination of outstanding high-quality quality products, and superior technical expertise.
Demonstrating Reliability & Earning Trust Since 1968
Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is one of the largest and fastest-growing industrial water treatment companies in the world. Continued expansion has allowed us to evolve into one of the world’s largest providers of water treatment products and services. We create lasting partnerships and sustainable value by aligning our entire organization around the common goal of making our customers more successful.
has grown to become a leader in the water treatment industry and is committed to continued growth. We retain the flexibility of the smaller companies to meet specialized needs through a rapid and thorough response in all areas of the business, and we have the significant resources of a larger company to ensure superior customer support.
Our Mission
Our mission is to provide our customers with water and process treatment programs and solutions that maximize system effectiveness through our unique combination of outstanding service, high-quality products, and superior technical expertise. Our goal is to forge long-term relationships to create mutual benefit for our customers, associates, communities, and the environment.
Our Brand Promise
is the leading provider of industrial water and process treatment solutions because we are committed to a simple strategy: hire the most talented people and empower them with resources and technology to do what is best for the companies we serve. We motivate our entire organization with the singular goal of making our customers more successful.
Building Trust
Taking Ownership
Our Leadership Team
At the heart of our success is our people. We have assembled the finest team of dedicated professionals available: technical field engineers backed by industry teams comprised of industry market development managers, corporate engineering specialists, corporate equipment and automation specialists, analytical and environmental affairs specialists, and customer service specialists.
Steve Hire President
John Alcorn VP, North American Sales
Joe Keating VP, Global Corporate Accounts
Steve Leavell VP, Sales Eastern and Canada
Paul Guidotti VP, Western North America ＆ Western Canada
Jeff Miladin VP, Special Projects ＆ Global Power
Leo Basola VP, Finance & IT, CFO
Terence Walsh VP, Operations
Interested in working for ChemTreat?
We have a relentless focus on talent, continuously driving to attract, hire, and retain the very best. Each associate contributes to the success of the organization and creates a culture of growth and continuous improvement. With us, you won’t find typical water treatment jobs. You’ll be empowered with the resources, knowledge, and flexibility to do meaningful work for our customers.
 Through strategic acquisitions, Danaher Corporation has formed a diverse portfolio of water quality optimization companies that, as a united platform, can significantly impact the way our customers approach water.
Through strong customer partnerships, we advance the quality and delivery of water.
Our collective expertise, products, and services provide the innovative analytical and treatment solutions you need to be confident in delivering the best water with the greatest efficiency, every time.
US
Our sales engineers are ready to help you find the right solution.
Fill out the form to connect with your local representative.
Current Customers
If you are a current customer and need direct assistance, please contact Customer Service
by phone or e-mail Monday through Friday, 8 am to 7 pm EST.
E-mail:  cs_orders@chemtreat.com     Phone: 1 (800) 648-4579
First name*
Last name*
US!   