Stephen Pirnat, Chairman & CEO
Prior to joining as a member of the Board of Directors in 2011 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer in 2015, Mr. Pirnat was Managing Director of Europe, the Middle East and African operations at Quest Integrity Group, a division of Team, Inc. (NYSE: TISI), which provides asset integrity management and asset reliability solutions in the refinery, chemical, petrochemical, pipeline and power industries worldwide. From 2009 to 2011, he was President of Quest Integrated Inc., a technology incubator and boutique private equity firm. From 2000 to 2009, Mr. Pirnat served as President & of the John Zink Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Koch Industries and a worldwide leader in the supply of and air pollution control equipment to the energy industry. Mr. Pirnat, a long-time executive with Ingersoll-Rand and Ingersoll-Dresser Corporation, went to John Zink from a previous post as President & of Pangborn Corporation, a leading supplier of surface preparation equipment and associated services to the automotive and aircraft industries. Mr. Pirnat began his career as an applications engineer with the Pump and Condenser Group of Ingersoll-Rand, where he advanced through a variety of sales, marketing, engineering, and operational positions with that company and its successor, Ingersoll-Dresser. These positions included Vice President of Ingersoll-Rand’s Standard Products Division, Vice President of Marketing for Ingersoll-Dresser Pumps, President of Ingersoll-Dresser Pumps Canada Ltd., and Vice President & General Manager of Ingersoll-Rand Engineered Equipment Division. Mr. Pirnat received a BSc. in Mechanical Engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. He serves on the board of directors of Incorporated (NYSE:AZZ).
Roberto Ruiz, Ph.D., Chief Operating Officer
Prior to joining in 2012, Dr. Ruiz served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of OnQuest, Inc., a division of Primoris Services Corporation, and a provider of engineering, procurement and construction services for fired heaters primarily in refinery applications, waste heat recovery units and LNG, hydrogen, ammonia and bio-fuels plants. Previously, he served as Vice President of the Process Burners Group at John Zink Company where he had full operating and P&responsibility for the company’s original product line. His customers included most major domestic and international oil companies and OEMs. As an executive manager, Dr. Ruiz formed and led highly successful teams of engineers, process engineers, project managers, and aftermarket sales and field service professionals. He had previously been Technology and Commercial Development at Zink where he was responsible for all R&as well as the management of the company’s intellectual property portfolio. Prior to joining John Zink Company in 1997, Dr. Ruiz worked with the Gas Research Institute and later with Air Liquide, where he was commercial and marketing manager in the Glass Group. Dr. Ruiz served as a Director of Arvest Bank. Dr. Ruiz received a BSc. in Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles, an MSc. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Minnesota, a Ph.in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Minnesota, and an from the University of Chicago.
Donald Kendrick, Ph.D., Chief Technology Officer
Prior to joining in 2015, Dr. Kendrick served as Director and of Lean Flame Inc., a company that commercializes disruptive, ultra-low emissions systems for gas turbine applications. Previously, he was operations manager for United Technologies Corporation’s Pratt & Whitney PulseDyne Division, where he worked to develop, commercialize and sell the SHOCKSystem™ Online Detonation Cleaning System. He has also served as the Aerothermal Department Head of Ramgen Power Systems, where he developed the first ever Trapped Vortex Combustor (TVC) for land-based gas turbine applications. Donald has authored more than 40 publications and papers in the fields of thermal sciences, fluid dynamics and combustion, and holds 12 patents. Dr. Kendrick has a BSc. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of British Columbia and both an MSc. and Ph.in Mechanical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology.
Brian Fike, Interim Chief Financial Officer
Prior to joining in 2016 as the Company’s Controller, Mr. Fike was a Regional Controller, Strategy Manager, Finance Manager and Accounting Manager for Darigold, Inc which is a $2 Billion Food Manufacturing company providing high-quality dairy products throughout the Pacific Rim.  Mr. Fike began his career in the United States Naval Reserve as an Electronic Warfare specialist assigned to the Atlantic Fleet and a Training Petty Officer at Boise.  Mr. Fike received a in Accountancy from Boise State University and an from the Foster School of Business at the University of Washington.
Stephen Sock, Senior of Business Development
Prior to joining in 2017, Mr. Sock spent 25 years in the process plants industry with Amec Foster Wheeler and Burrow Global Engineering & Construction.  He has spent the majority of his career supporting the business winning activities in various capacities including Vice President Commercial Operations at AFW, and Business Development roles at both and Burrow Global.  Mr. Sock has extensive experience interacting with global customers in the process plants industries involving technology, product and service sales and has as strong understanding of how clients in these industries make complicated purchasing decisions.  He joined Foster Wheeler as a Process Engineer directly from Lehigh University, where he studied chemical engineering.
Board of Directors
Stephen Pirnat, Chairman & CEO
Prior to joining as a member of the Board of Directors in 2011 and as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer in 2015, Mr. Pirnat was Managing Director of Europe, the Middle East and African operations at Quest Integrity Group, a division of Team, Inc. (NYSE: TISI), which provides asset integrity management and asset reliability solutions in the refinery, chemical, petrochemical, pipeline and power industries worldwide. From 2009 to 2011, he was President of Quest Integrated Inc., a technology incubator and boutique private equity firm. From 2000 to 2009, Mr. Pirnat served as President & of the John Zink Company, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Koch Industries and a worldwide leader in the supply of and air pollution control equipment to the energy industry. Mr. Pirnat, a long-time executive with Ingersoll-Rand and Ingersoll-Dresser Corporation, went to John Zink from a previous post as President & of Pangborn Corporation, a leading supplier of surface preparation equipment and associated services to the automotive and aircraft industries. Mr. Pirnat began his career as an applications engineer with the Pump and Condenser Group of Ingersoll-Rand, where he advanced through a variety of sales, marketing, engineering, and operational positions with that company and its successor, Ingersoll-Dresser. These positions included Vice President of Ingersoll-Rand’s Standard Products Division, Vice President of Marketing for Ingersoll-Dresser Pumps, President of Ingersoll-Dresser Pumps Canada Ltd., and Vice President & General Manager of Ingersoll-Rand Engineered Equipment Division. Mr. Pirnat received a BSc. in Mechanical Engineering from the New Jersey Institute of Technology. He serves on the board of directors of Incorporated (NYSE:AZZ).
Scott Isaacson, Director
Mr. Isaacson joined the Board of Directors in 2011. He has over 33 years of experience in advising and representing businesses in managing their programs related to environmental, legal and regulatory risk issues. From 2000 to 2016, he was Vice President with California Portland Cement Company where he oversaw the environmental programs for this construction materials manufacturing company with operations in the Western United States. Mr. Isaacson is an experienced legal expert on a broad scope of environmental compliance requirements for major federal environmental laws and programs as well as related state programs. He has been the principal advising attorney on environmental issues for complex, multi‑program projects to include remediation of federal and state cleanup sites, development projects, industrial air emissions, and, more recently, federal and state actions to regulate greenhouse gases. In his prior position as a partner with the Seattle law firm of Bogle and Gates, he advised clients on federal, state and local environmental compliance, land use, government contractor liability and exposure to toxic or hazardous materials as well as issues related to individual and corporate civil and criminal liability under environmental laws. Clients included local governments and a number of large and mid-size businesses and companies involved in manufacturing, production, and service. Previous to that, he was the Chief of the Environmental Law Division at the Department of the Army and the senior attorney responsible for advising commands throughout the United States on environmental policy and compliance issues arising from Army activities, and handled or supervised complex and significant environmental actions that were under the scrutiny of federal, state, and local regulators as well as interested private environmental organizations. Mr. Isaacson holds a BSc. from the Military Academy at West Point and a Juris Doctor from the University of Washington. He is a member of the bar for United States Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of the State of Washington, and the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Lon Bell Ph.D., Director
Dr. Bell joined the Board of Directors in 2011. He is a leading expert in the mass production of thermoelectric products. He has authored more than 20 publications in the areas of thermodynamics of thermoelectric systems, automotive crash sensors, and other electronic and electromechanical devices. Five of his inventions have gone into mass production and dominated their target markets. In 1991, Dr. Bell founded Amerigon Inc. and has been a Consultant to Amerigon since December 2010. Dr. Bell has served many roles in Amerigon, Inc., including Chief Technology Officer until December 2010, Director of Technology until 2000, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer until 1999, and President until 1997. Dr. Bell served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of LLC, a subsidiary of Amerigon from September 2000 to December 2010. He has served as a Director of Amerigon since 1991. Previously, Dr. Bell co-founded Technar Incorporated, which developed and manufactured automotive components, and served as Technar’s Chairman and President until selling majority ownership to Inc. in 1986. Dr. Bell continued managing Technar, then known as Technar, as its President until 1991. He co-founded Mahindra Electric Vehicle Co Ltd. in 1994 and serves as its Vice Chairman. He has been a Member of Scientific Advisory Board of Nextreme Thermal Solutions, Inc. since 2006. Dr. Bell received a B.Sc. in Mathematics, an MSc. in Rocket Propulsion, and a Ph.in Mechanical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology. He serves on the board of directors of Ideal Power Inc. (NASDAQ:IPWR) and Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDTI).
Susanne Meline, Director
Ms. Meline joined the Board of Directors in 2018. She is a specialist in both finance and law having worked for many years with both public and privately held companies in all stages of their life cycles. She has held positions as a lawyer, investment banker, board member and investor. Susanne co-founded Francis Capital Management, a value-based investment advisor, where she continues to specialize in small cap stocks. Ms. Meline is an experienced legal professional, having worked with Jones Day – an international law firm that provides corporate legal advisory services across multiple disciplines and jurisdictions. She previously worked as an investment banker with Houlihan Lokey, a global investment bank serving corporations, institutions, and governments worldwide. Susanne is a Certified Director through the Anderson School of Management and a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Ms. Meline received a in political science from UCLA, and a from the Hastings College of the Law. She served on the board of directors of Finomial Corporation, a Series stage FinTech company, until 2018 at which time she transitioned to her current role as a Series board observer.
Press Releases
In The News
We’re honored!
First Name :
Last Name :
Email Address :