Bruce LaMont, Partner & CEO
Michael DeFelice, Partner & COO
Mike is a Partner and has been CoActive's Chief Operating Officer since its founding in 2008. He has over 35 years of experience in pharmaceutical research for Merck Research Labs and the Johnson & Johnson·Merck Joint Venture. As a bench biologist and biochemist in the early part of his career, his diverse research included developing novel animal models to study various drug behavior effects in mammals. Mike’s clinical research career spans over 28 years. As a clinical research scientist, he contributed significantly to the development and success of analgesics, anti-inflammatory drugs, gastrointestinal agents, and Rx-to-switch products. His expertise includes Phase through Phase trials, plus novel models to effect switches. 
John Irvin, MD, PhD, Partner & Chief Medical Officer
John Irvin is a Partner and senior pharmaceutical executive with 34 years of experience in the industry. He is a successful change agent with excellent matrix leadership and management skills. His areas of expertise include global Rx, and Rx-to-clinical and regulatory development, alliance facilitation and management, team organization and leadership, scientific education and training, and cost management and control. Prior to his retirement as a vice president of Merck Research Laboratories and senior vice president of Johnson & Johnson·Merck, his scope of management responsibilities included global Rx-to-switch development, the Cholesterol Development Committee, Merck Manual, Merck Index, Clinical Information Services, and Education & Training. He was a member of the management board of Johnson & Johnson·Merck and co-sponsor of the Merck Polytechnic Institute. 
James Cassano, Partner & CFO
Jim Cassano is Partner and Chief Financial Officer of Health Solutions, Mr. Cassano is a three-time with significant experience in structuring multinational businesses and ventures, financial restructuring, negotiating strategic alliances and making venture capital investments. As well as his current responsibilities, he is also currently a member of the Board of Directors of On Demand, a company that is a leading multi-platform entertainment service company delivering premium content, including leading Hollywood movie titles, to customers across China via subscription and transactional streaming services. As an executive, consultant and director, He has experience in a wide variety of industries in the U.S., Europe, the U.K., the Middle East and China. 
Before joining CoActive, Mr. Cassano was a General Partner of Jaguar Capital Partners, a private equity firm that he co-founded, focused on investments in electronic media, financial payments and related technologies. He also served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, secretary and member of the Board of Directors of Jaguar Acquisition Corporation, a public company which he co-founded, which became the first public company to be permitted to acquire and manage cable television systems in China. Prior to forming Jaguar Capital Partners, Mr. Cassano founded and was Chairman and of New Forum Publishers, Inc, an Internet content producer that developed curriculum software for schools. He sold the company to Apex Learning, Inc. of Seattle, formerly owned by Paul Allen, and served as a member of the Board of Directors of the combined companies through 2006. Prior to founding New Forum, Mr. Cassano co-founded and was Chairman and of an electronic entertainment transaction company focusing on providing ticketing services. The company went public in 1999 as Tickets.com and was later acquired by Major League Baseball. Prior to founding the company that became Tickets.com, Mr. Cassano served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Hill Group, a hundred million dollar consulting, engineering and environmental services company. Prior to his role at Hill, Mr. Cassano was a Senior Vice President of Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. a public venture capital organization responsible for evaluation, financial structuring, and negotiation of investment opportunities in data communications, computer software, laser technology, and telecommunications. 
Mr. Cassano started his business career with the Hay Group, Inc., a multi-national management consulting company operating in 56 countries where he rose to become Director of Strategic Management Services – Europe. He initiated and led Hay strategy and organization consulting activities in the UK, Belgium, the Netherlands, France, and Italy. Mr. Cassano has served as Entrepreneur in Residence at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, assisting students develop their own businesses and serves as a judge in the school’s annual new business competition. He is also Chairman of the Board of the Independence Hall Association, a non-profit that was responsible for the creation of Independence Hall National Park in Philadelphia, Mr. Cassano holds a in Aeronautics and Astronautics from Purdue University and an from Wharton Graduate School at the University of Pennsylvania. He was awarded a Wharton White House Fellowship
Our Team
Art Gertel, Vice President, Regulatory Affairs
Art Gertel has been active in the pharmaceutical and health care industries for more than 35 years, with a focus in regulatory affairs, preclinical and clinical R&D, new therapeutics registrations, publications, and biomedical ethics. Art’s focus has been on the development of key strategic initiatives to guide clients through regulatory hurdles toward pharmaceutical product approval, with experience in drugs, devices, biologics, and diagnostics. He has extensive experience in working with FDA, Health Canada, and European regulators, and is a Registered Agent with the Art joined Beardsworth Consulting Group in 2001 and served as VP, Strategic Regulatory Consulting, Medical Writing, and Previously, he was Senior Director, Clinical Trial Services at iKnowMed, contributing to the development of their web-based electronic data capture software to support pharmaceutical clinical trials. As Executive Director of the Advanced Phase Solutions Group of Quintiles, he had responsibility for the oversight of the Project and Portfolio Management disciplines associated with peri- and post-approval clinical trials. At Hoffmann-LaRoche, he had responsibility as the Immunologic compounds Project Manager. 
For 11 years, Art was Director, Medical Communications at Schering-Plough, where he oversaw the preparation of clinical documentation filed in support of new drug registrations, worldwide. Previous Medical Writing responsibilities included Management of the Medical & Scientific Communications Department at Hoffmann-La Roche, Managing the Medical Writing Department at Revlon Health Care Group, and Supervising Preclinical Report Writing at Schering-Plough. Active in the professional community, Art is Past President of the American Medical Writers Association (AMWA) and a Fellow of both and the European Medical Writers Association (EMWA), continuing to serve on committees and lead workshops and plenary sessions, with particular focus on regulatory issues. He was honored with AMWA’s Harold Swanberg Distinguished Service Award. He has also been active in the establishment of standards of authorship for AMWA, EMWA, and ISMPP, and as a founding member of He has also been instrumental in establishing data transformation standards for protocols, registries, and health records, under the auspices of He presently chairs the Glossary Group, and is a charter member of the Protocol Representation Group. He has a strong interest in Biomedical Ethics and has participated in many panel discussions on that topic. 
Art’s educational history includes undergraduate studies in Biology and Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania, graduate work in Neurophysiology and Behavioral Medicine at New York Medical College, and in Pharmaceutics at Temple University.
Janet Keyser, Project Management & QA
Janet Keyser is Vice President Project Management & at CoActive. She is a pharmaceutical executive with diverse and extensive experience in Clinical Research and Regulatory Affairs and has been a leader in a wide variety of projects in such areas as transformational change management, process optimization, clinical trial execution, clinical quality assurance and process management. Janet has over 20 years experience at Merck & Co., Inc. where she served in a number of progressively senior roles. Between 2009 and 2011, she was Executive Director, Development Integration and Global Development Process, responsible for leading the Merck/Schering Plough merger integration activities across Global Clinical Development & Regulatory Affair. In that capacity she was responible for creating plans and overseeing process, governance and global system selection for all development drug programs in 53 countries, downsizing staff while optimizing employee retension, training over 300 leaders worldwide in transformational leader sponsorhip, ensuring coordination of global merger-related actions, overseeing the Global Development Process Office that maintained process documentation and standards for and ensuring translation of Corporate and Merck Research Laboratory policies into 
Prior to the role above, Janet served as Executive Director, Global Clinical Supplies Operations, directing activities to enable timely delivery of clincial supplies to support Merck’s clinical trials worldwide, establishing the first true outsourcing partnership with major vendors. She also served as Executive Director, Global Development Process, appointed by the President of Merck Research Laboratory, leading the transformational scale process redesign, implementation and realization of late stage clincial development processes to increase productivity and improve Merck’s standing in Centre for Medicines Research (CMR) benchmarks for late stage devlopment cycle time in big Pharma from 13th in 2005 to 1st in 2007. Prior to her Executive Director roles, Janet serviced over a ten year period as Worldwide Clinical Quality Assurance (QA) Resource Senior Director, Director, Associate Director and Manager, ultimately directing activities of 65 clinical professionals in the US, Europe and South America, assuring that clinical research programs were in the compliance with GCPs. 
Janet has also led clincial activities for Switch and Prilosec filings. She holds Six Sigma Executive Belt certification Ms. Keyser has served as Adjunct Professor at Temple University, teaching courses on Quality audits for the Reguatory Affairs Masters Degree program. She holds a BS, Biology from Ursinus College.
Pushpa Singh, PhD, Pharmaceutical Development
Dr. Singh is a Pharmaceutical R&executive with 30 years of experience in all phases of product development including discovery, development, technology transfer, and product life-cycle management. As a Vice President, Quality Operations & Regulatory at Keryx Biopharmaceuticals, she was responsible for the overall strategic and operational responsibility for ensuring quality and regulatory compliance in the production and analysis of clinical trial materials. She was also responsible for all aspects of documentation and regulatory activities in support of investigational and registrational submissions. As an Executive Director at Bristol-Myers Squibb, she successfully led a diverse organization requiring detailed and thorough review of technical information for Quality and Compliance, Technical Documentation, and Environment, Health & Safety. She provided strategic thinking and long range planning skills for groups involved in strategic planning and development portfolio analysis. 
Let's start a conversation!
Give us a call to discuss your research challenges. We're excellent listeners with great ideas.
Bruce LaMont