Home ziptup_2018 2018-04-19T13:55:24+00:00
is commercializing novel power electronics for the clean technology energy market.
is focused on the design, manufacturing and sales of specialty power electronics for renewable power generation, energy storage and electric vehicle markets. Initially designed for fuel cell applications, our patented to converter designs provide improved functionality, higher efficiency, smaller footprint and lower cost than available alternatives.
0%
0%
0%
Where are we from?
What do we do?
Who do we do it for?
Initial target markets include energy storage, hybrid and electric vehicle, fuel cell, solar, and small scale wind applications
Partners
is a proud member of the Venture Creations Incubator and the Battery and Energy Storage Technology Consortium (NY-BEST).About Us
Rhonda Staudt, Operations
With over 10 years of alternative energy leadership, Rhonda has successfully managed multi-million dollar government programs from and She holds degrees in both Systems Engineering and Mechanical Engineering in addition to her 13 years experience as an engineer for the Xerox Corporation.
Mark Sperry, Business Development
business leader in start-up and Fortune 500 environments with expertise in strategic planning, marketing, sales, partnerships, finance, product development and operations. He has proven his ability to secure funding for business plans from both public and private sectors. Mark holds an from Syracuse University.
John Vogel, Product Development
As a leader in the alternative energy industry for over 12 years, John has held various product development positions and has successfully managed multi-million dollar government programs, including awards from the DOE, and John has held engineering positions at General Electric and Lockheed Martin. He holds degrees in both Mechanical and Nuclear Engineering.  
© Copyright 2018   |   Energies,  |   All Rights Reserved   |  Box 23  Latham, 2110  518.817.8028  |   Venture Creations  125 Tech Park Drive  Ste 2131  Rochester, 14623  |   info@combined-energies.com