About
We are a company of patent licensing professionals and innovators offering services. As the marketplace becomes increasingly complex, our partners turn to to help them realize the full potential of their portfolios as competitive tools and sources of income.
Our people have deep expertise in technology creation and innovation, patent prosecution, patent mining, global licensing and patent litigation management. With these skills comes responsibility, and we pride ourselves on our commitment to transparency, due diligence and respectful negotiation.
We believe that strong, reasonable and ethical enforcement of high-quality patents is healthy for knowledge-based economies. enables innovation—it does not stifle it. And patents exist to encourage, reward and protect the inventions that improve our lives.
ShareThis Copy and PasteHistory
Conversant’s story begins in Ottawa in 1975, when engineers Richard Foss and Robert Harland founded MOSAID, a semiconductor technology company. In the early days, we focused on inventing ways to improve Dynamic Random Access Memory (DRAM) semiconductor chips, the primary form of computer memory. Our engineers also designed and built test equipment for debugging prototype memory chips.
By the mid-1990s, we found that our patented memory inventions were being used in mainstream chips without our consent; as a result, our first patent licensing program was born. Over the years, we successfully licensed virtually the entire commodity industry to our memory patents—proving the value and importance of these inventions.
We’re proud of our history as inventors, and indeed, we continue to invent, patent and license our own technology. In 2007, we expanded our focus and began to acquire patents and enter partnerships and revenue-sharing arrangements with other patent owners. The following year, we introduced HyperLink (HLNAND™), a breakthrough Flash Memory technology.
In 2013, we became Conversant: a new name for an experienced company with expertise, a determination to engage in meaningful negotiation and a commitment to transparency and the principled enforcement of high-quality patents. Today, we are a leading company with world-class licensing teams and an enviable record of success.
Careers
ShareThis Copy and Paste