Terra® for Soil Health
What is Terra®?
How it Works
Where to Buy
Evidence of Efficacy
Innovator Advantage
Industries and Crops
Production Ag
Alfalfa
Lettuce
Potatoes
Strawberry
Tomatoes
Golf Courses
Turf and Landscape
Water
Fauna™ for Animal Nutrition
Purchase Products
Where to Buy
Our Distributors
About
Corporate
Management
Board of Directors
Soil Health Advisory
Investors
Associations
Careers
Media
Overview
Blog
News
Press Releases
Logos
Contact
 > 
About
 > 
Corporate
 About
Corporate
Management
Board of Directors
Soil Health Advisory
Investors
Associations
Careers
Commercializing a game-changing agricultural technology that increases crop production at lower cost while removing greenhouse gas from the atmosphere
was founded in 2009 to commercialize a groundbreaking process that produces Engineered Biocarbon™ technology and renewable, carbon negative fuel from biomass.
The company’s history has yielded industry-leading expertise in extracting hydrocarbons from biomass. This understanding has enabled to be the only company to deeply understand how to produce 
consistent, 
biochar-based, Engineered Biocarbon™ technology for use in agriculture, livestock, as well as fuels and chemicals.
Learn more about “Who is Planet?” in the video below:
Solutions for Food, Water, and Markets
is addressing three of the world’s largest markets: food, water and energy. Currently we are commercializing 
Terra® products
, Engineered Biocarbon™ technology that helps to improve soil health, as well as 
Fauna™
 for use in animal health and nutrition.
Terra®
 featuring Engineered Biocarbon™ technology sequesters carbon and creates value for the agriculture, water and livestock industries, and has a lasting impact beyond the annual economic benefits of application. Planet’s Engineered Biocarbon™ technology improves the soil for generations; users create lasting value, enhance their property and leave a legacy in their soil.
Timeless Company Values
Our goal is to operate our business based on a set of timeless guiding principles that create mutually beneficial relationships with all our stakeholders — investors, employees, customers, business partners and communities.
We believe that when we work the 
RITE
 Way, we get the 
RITE
 Results.
R
espect  
I
ntegrity  
T
eamwork  
E
xcellence
Our purpose as a company is 
to innovate to change the world for good.
About
Terra
Fauna
Media
Contact
Sitemap
Sitemap

			provides Engineered Biocarbon™ Technology that can significantly improve soil health while sequestering carbon. The technology impacts three of the world's largest markets. We are particularly focused on developing and commercializing our biocarbon engineering technology. With deep materials science and agronomy expertise, by applying modern process and manufacturing discipline, and through extensive soil and crop testing and trialing we are bringing new tools to the burgeoning soil health space. Our mission is to provide growers and producers with tools that improve the health of their soil, their productivity and yields, and the overall sustainability of their lands and operation. The technology impacts three of the world's largest markets.
		
© 2018 
Call: 303-221-2029
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions