ReThink Innovation of Storage
The light bulb. The car. The telephone. All of these inventions had profound impacts on the world and people’s lives. So what’s next? Natural Human-Machine interfaces, autonomous car, artificial intelligence will bringing yet another wave of invention that will shift the trajectory of society in stunning and positive ways. These systems require instant, ubiquitous access to Data.Data is becoming the “New Air”, wherever, whenever, always available. But to make Data truly ubiquitous, inventors have to rethink the status quo. New technologies are needed to architect systems with no latency, high energy efficiency, high capacity and screaming fast performance. That’s where Recomes in.
was founded in 2010 to commercialize a radically different approach to non-volatile memory called Reunique memory technology that can be integrated inside a system-on-chip or produced as a standalone memory chip, Reis playing an important role in enabling this new world.
Remakes tightly integrated compute/storage subsystems possible, freeing designers from the traditional bus-based storage architectures.
With ReRAM, designers can create entirely new subsystems from “persistent computing” where integrated data pods never shut down to “smart memory” that learns from every interaction, and autonomously retrieves, filters, computes data without the intervention of the CPU.
Reis now ready at 40nm and is moving to 2x nm, enabling even higher density and more tightly integrated devices. licenses its technology to Soand memory companies as off-the-shelf or custom cores. is also actively growing its ecosystem of hardware and software partners to help rethink how new ReRAM-centric architectures can usher in the next wave of world transformation.
Leader in patented filament-based non-volatile Retechnology
cores licensed for 40nm ready
2x nm and below process node cores under development
Licensed embedded memory IPs forSoC, MCU, from Kbytes, Mbytes to Gbytes
Licensed storage memory IPs for standalone memory chips from Mbytes, Gbytes to Terabytes.
290 patents are filed, with 145 patents already issued.
Collaborative engagements in process to develop custom, Recentric architectures
Proven scalability below 10nm process node
100x lower read latency, 20x better energy efficiency and 1000x faster write performance than Flash
No erase needed, bit/byte level overwrite capability
Manufactured on standard production lines
Capacities of 1TB/chip and more possibleResistive random-access memory (ReRAM) is based on a simple three-layer structure of top electrode, switching medium and bottom electrode ( 1 ). The resistance switching mechanism is based on the formation of a filament in the switching material when a voltage is applied between the two electrodes. There are different approaches to implementing ReRAM, based on different switching materials and memory cell organization. Those variables drive significant performance differences depending upon the switching materials being used.
1. The resistance switching mechanism of Crossbar’s technology is based on the formation of a filament in the silicon based switching material when a voltage is applied between the two electrodes.
Retechnology uses a silicon-based switching material as the host for a metallic filament formation. When a voltage is applied between the two electrodes, a nanofilament is formed. Because the resistance switching mechanism is based on an electric field, the Recell is very stable, capable of withstanding temperature swings from -40°to 125°C, 1M+ write cycles, and a retention of 10 years at 85°C.
Crossbar’s technology will deliver 1,000x faster write performance;
20x lower power consumption; and 1,000x the endurance at half the die size.
2. Crossbar’s simple and scalable memory cell structure enables a new class of 3Rewhich can be incorporated into the back end of line of any standard manufacturing fab.
Retechnology can be stacked in 3D, delivering multiple terabytes of storage on a single chip. Its simplicity, stackability and compatibility enable logic and memory to be integrated onto a single chip at the latest technology node ( 2 ).
Crossbar’s patented built-in selector allows various memory array configurations in which a single transistor can drive one or thousands of memory cells. This enables cells to be organized in super dense 3cross-point arrays, stackable with the capability to scale below 10nm, paving the way for terabytes on a single die.
The approach is also compatible. Designers can put logic, controllers and microprocessors next to memory in the same die, simplifying packaging and increasing performance. ReRAM’s simple structure and compatibility enable any foundry – or logic – to enter the Rebusiness by licensing Retechnology for Systems-on-Chip (SoC) or standalone memory devices.
Read the “ReTechnology” white paper to learn more:
We're ready to send you documentations
Tell us a bit about your project so we can help you ReThink your design with ReRAM.
Gah. Something went wrong.
Your message couldn't be sent.
We're sorry about this. Can you please try submitting your message one more time? If it still doesn't work, please tell us by email .