Protein Sciences is a research-driven biotechnology company developing innovative enabling technologies and services for drug discovery and the bioprocessing industry. Our focus is proteins; either as drug targets or drug entities (Biologics). We provide laboratory solutions for proteins and consulting services for the Biologics industry. Our  clients include nonprofit and for-profit biomedical research and development organizations pursuing drug discovery and development.
Services
Our services are collaborative and consultative in nature. We will customize any of our capabilities to assist our clients to acheive their program's objectives. We support drug discovery for protein targets, Biologics development and the customized implementation of our enabling technologies to support these services.
Products
Our research and development efforts pursue proprietary technologies that enhance our client's resource utilization to discover and to develop the next generation of therapeutic  molecules. In the area of drug discovery and development, our products are applicable to both the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
Our website provides only a limited view of our protein capabilities. We also work with a network of like-minded organizations supporting Biologics research and development that includes recombinant proteins, monoclonal antibodies and vaccines. For more information on any of our services or products, or if you seek any assistance with the development of Biologics, please Contact Us .Protein Sciences – About Us
Protein Sciences is the life sciences division of Enterprises, LLC, which was founded in 2009 with the objective of being a first-tier niche technology company providing innovative and enabling technologies and services to the biomedical research and development industry. Our client base includes  biopharmaceutical and pharmaceutical companies as well as nonprofit research organizations pursuing drug discovery and development. Protein Sciences has two proprietary enabling technologies that it is rigorously pursuing to full commercial development.
In addition to our product development activities, the Company offers Biologics Consulting services and laboratory-based protein services. Our consulting services are available to organizations engaged in all phases of Biologics development. Our laboratory-based services are focused on proteins and includes Protein Expression , Protein Folding , Protein Preformulation , Protein Characterization and Biologics method development and qualification .
Please Contact Us to discuss any of our protein or Biologics capabilities.Protein Sciences – Management
The Protein Sciences team is led by Donald O’Keefe, Ph.D., who has served as Managing Director since the Company’s inception. Dr. O’Keefe has more than 25 years experience in the biopharmaceutical industry supporting preclinical and clinical Biologics development.  He has broad experience with Biologics process development including peptides, recombinant proteins, monoclonal antibodies and numerous types of vaccines such as subunit, conjugate, and viral vector-based vaccines. Dr. O’Keefe has provided support to more than 40 Biologics in clinical development and has contributed to more than a dozen INDs and several BLAs/NDAs. He has expertise in biophysical and analytical technologies applied to the preformulation, formulation, testing and characterization of Biologics. Dr. O’Keefe is experienced in analytical assay development, qualification and validation consistent with current regulatory requirements. He has direct experience with cenvironments having had responsibility for clinical release testing, stability testing and assay transfer to commercial Quality Control laboratories. During his career he has held senior leadership positions in Biologics development at Wyeth Vaccines (now Pfizer), Centocor R&(now Janssen) and Shire He is a doctoral graduate of the Department of Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of Texas at Dallas and was a National Research Service Award recipient while serving as a Research Fellow at Harvard Medical School. Dr. O'Keefe has authored or co-authored more than 20 peer-reviewed manuscripts and is listed as an inventor on 9 issued patents.