Sign Out
Our Story
About Us
Your technology challenges never stop changing, so neither do we. Whether it’s data explosion, cloud expansion, security threats or something new, we’ll work with you to help you solve your toughest challenges. S1987, we’ve provided solutions for the fast paced world of enterprise With Quest, you and your organization can spend less time on administration and more time on business innovation.
We’re a global provider to 130,000 companies across 100 countries, including 95% of the Fortune 500 and 90% of the Global 1000. So we have the experience to help you manage and protect your data, take control of your hybrid environments, keep track of all network-connected devices, stay compliant and govern every identity across the enterprise.
We’re Quest – simple solutions for a complex world.
It's who we are
Our purpose, vision, philosophy and values form the foundation of Quest.
Purpose: we solve complex problems with simple solutions
Philosophy: we provide great products, backed by great service and we make it easy do business with us
Vision: we deliver technology that eliminates the need to choose between efficiency and effectiveness
Learn more about who we are from the people who work here. In this video, employees from around the world discuss how our values help to shape their daily work lives and help them become better at what they do. Take a look and get to know the people behind our logo.
Our Values
We believe in ethics, integrity and respect in the workplace – every day. And these aren’t just words. These principles guide how we treat our customers, partners and each other. We strive to:
We do what we promise, and meet our commitments
We take charge and deliver our best work possible
We commit to a direction that benefits the business
We adapt quickly and with enthusiasm
We debate and then commit to an aligned direction
We recognize individual contributions and celebrate team success
We are flexible, responsive, and available
We deliver the right solution for the problem
We maintain relevance to our customers by responding creatively to their changing needs
We accept and give constructive feedback, even when it’s difficult
We respect differing opinion
The Quest Difference
We think it’s time for a stronger partnership. To roll up our sleeves. To follow through with every promise. To simplify the way we do business. And to help you solve complex problems with simple solutions.
Here are a few reasons why we’re different:
Simple to Work With
We make it easy to solve your tough challenges with simple, yet powerful solutions
World-Class Support
We provide an award-winning self-help portal, hundreds of engineers and the dedication of a single point of contact managing issues through resolution
One-Stop Shop
Our broad product set enables you to work with one vendor to protect and manage your environment across nearly every stack
Straight Talk
We treat you how we would like to be treated, with a refreshing dose of transparency
Flexible Approach
Our products fit a variety of environments and integrate quickly so you don’t have to choose between efficiency and effectiveness
Scale and Speed
Our business model offers the stability of a global company with the agility and innovation of smaller, focused product teams
Our brand
Our logo
Our logo reflects our story: innovation, community and support. An important part of this story begins with the letter It’s a perfect circle, representing our commitment to technological precision and strength. The space in the itself symbolizes our need to add the missing piece – you – to the community, to the new Quest.
Our tagline - Join the Innovation
Three simple words - "Join the Innovation" - urge the community to become part of what we are. First, "join" asks our customers and partners to share this exciting new direction - it's a call to action to participate in an ongoing movement. Next, we say "the" instead of "our" because this is about all of us - not just Quest, but our customers and partners too. Finally, the word "innovation" fuels our industry - and it's our key value proposition. We're saying, "now is the time to innovate."
Quest Company Executives
Chairman and CEO
As Quest’s Chairman and CEO, Jeff is deeply committed to working relentlessly with colleagues to make the right decisions, create great products and deliver outstanding customer service. It’s important to Jeff that customers find Quest simple to do business with, and he believes everyone at Quest has an important role in delivering on that promise.
Jeff brings more than 15 years’ experience as a company executive. Before arriving at Quest, Jeff was chairman and of Vertafore, a provider for the insurance industry. Prior to that he ran the Attachmate Group, identity and infrastructure provider, as chairman and CEO.
Jeff received a in Mechanical Engineering from Southern Methodist University and an from the University of Texas at Austin.
Kathleen Owens
President and General Manager, Information Management
Kathleen is responsible for the strategy, execution, and financial results for the Information Management business unit. This includes supporting product management, engineering, all aspects of go to market, and most critically, customer success.
Before joining Quest, Kathleen was President and General Manager of Attachmate and Novell, where she drew on more than 17 years of experience at the company. Prior to taking on leadership of two business units, Kathleen led Attachmate exclusively as the President and Her background includes vice-president of North American sales for Attachmate and number of other sales leadership and operational roles. More recently, Kathleen has worked as a consultant advising on strategy, communication, simplifying process and organizational restructuring. Kathleen is known for her collaborative style, ability to help teams focus and prioritize, and passion for customer success.
Kathleen holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Notre Dame.
Michael Tweddle
President and General Manager, Platform Management
Michael has more than 17 years of experience working in many areas of enterprise including Windows management, security and compliance software. Most recently, Michael was the Sr. Director of Outbound Product Management for the One Identity business and worked closely with product management, product marketing, customers, partners, and analysts to ensure the business delivered the right portfolio of solutions to market.
Prior to joining the One Identity team, Michael was the Chief Strategy Officer at BetterCloud which delivered Saasolutions to manage and secure cloud office platforms such as Google Apps and Office 365. Michael has also held various leadership positions in product management at Quest Software/Software, most notably as the executive director of product management for Software’s Windows Management business. Michael is also a founding member of Product Tank Atlanta. With close to 700 members, this group meets quarterly to discuss building, managing, selling, and marketing great and Saasolutions.
Michael holds a bachelor in Management Information Systems from Texas Tech University and a MBA, Finance from St. Thomas University.
Matt Vitale
Data Protection & Unified Endpoint Management
Matt Vitale leads the data protection and endpoint management businesses at Quest. Previously at Dell, he led sales for the Global 500 business segment as well as worldwide sales for data protection software. Prior to joining Dell, Vitale served as EVP, worldwide sales for Pentaho, a leader in open source business intelligence software. He also held executive positions at Ingres and VERITAS.
Vitale holds a bachelor’s degree of science in mechanical engineering from Rochester Institute of Technology and a master’s degree of business administration from the State University of New York.
David Earhart
David Earhart is responsible for overseeing all product, operational and financial direction for One Identity's full solution suite, inclusive of all identity governance, identity and access management, privileged access management, and identity as a service products. 
Earhart has more than 25 years' experience overseeing business and product strategy for leading security and systems management businesses. Prior to One Identity, he served as President and General Manager for Quest Software’s Data Protection and Unified Endpoint Management business unit (a sister business to One Identity), after serving as of Core Security for more than two years. Under his leadership, Core achieved 174-percent growth. Earhart has also held global leadership positions at Damballa, Inc., Technologies and Software.
Earhart holds a in Finance from Texas Tech University and is an active member of the security leadership community, serving on the external boards of directors for WhiteSource (an open source security and license compliance management platform) and (an Internet Security company).
Brad Haque
General Counsel
Brad serves as Quest’s General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. He oversees Quest’s legal organization, including corporate governance and compliance, contracts, mergers and acquisitions, intellectual property and litigation. Prior to joining Quest, Brad held senior legal roles at Amazon, America Online and the Attachmate Group. He started his legal career in private practice in Washington, Brad earned a Juris Doctor, Summa Cum Laude, from American University and a in Government from Cornell University.
Carolyn McCarthy
Chief Financial Officer
Carolyn is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Quest. She also oversees Infrastructure, Procurement and Real Estate. Carolyn joined Quest from where she held a number of senior finance leadership roles, the last one as and of Dell’s Division. Prior to she held various finance roles at PepsiCo and EDS.
Carolyn graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Holy Cross College and an from the University of Maryland.
Jean Edelhertz
Jean serves as the Senior Vice President for Strategic Initiatives at Quest, focusing on cross-functional business transformation. Her responsibilities also include customer retention through the company’s maintenance renewal business.
Jean draws on 20 years of experience leading operational and customer-facing teams in the electronics and sectors. Most recently, Jean was a Program Executive at Micro Focus, where she oversaw business integration initiatives in sales, sales operations, and customer support. Jean is committed to customer success and fostering a collaborative, empowered work community. Jean holds a in International Relations from Pomona College and an from University of California Berkeley.
Katherine Tate
Chief Business Operations Officer
Katherine is Chief Business Operations Officer at Quest, where she is responsible for creating a common operational model across all business units to maximize sales and employee productivity, and ensuring her team makes Quest simple to do business with for our customers and partners. She has a successful and long history of establishing operations as a strategic revenue-generating function by focusing on improving processes and maximizing the customer experience.
Katherine’s career spans technical support, consulting, sales enablement, sales operations, marketing operations, partner programs, and technical editing. Prior to joining Quest, Katherine served as Vice President, Global Sales Operations at Micro Focus (which acquired the Attachmate Group in 2014), where she oversaw the teams that simplified and enabled smooth business transactions. In addition to this, she defined and drove the adoption of the vision, mission and beliefs framework for The Attachmate Group.
Katherine received a Technology Management from the University of Washington Foster School of Business, and her Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science from the University of Idaho.
LuAnn Johnson
Chief Human Resources Officer
LuAnn is responsible for leading teams focused on the employee experience: HR, Communications, Facilities and Real Estate. She strives to create the type of culture and environment where people choose to spend time and do their best work.
Prior to joining Quest, LuAnn was the and Chief People Officer for Vertafore, responsible for overseeing high performing HR, Communications and Facilities Management teams, as well as talent acquisition, employee services, engagement and retention, leadership capability and connecting employees to top business goals.
LuAnn is a graduate of the University of Phoenix with a in Business Administration and an in Organizational Management.