This website uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. Full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you manage them can be found in our Cookie Policy
Essential Cookies: Certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. These are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. They’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. However, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. For a list of essential cookies we use, Click Here
Non-essential Cookies: These cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. We also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
You can block any cookies from any website through your browser settings. For more information about how to disable cookies in your browser please visit the About Cookies Website
Because we are driven on so many levels.
Every company says it’s different. At Technologies, we don’t say it. We demonstrate it – every day – to our customers, employees, investors, suppliers and the places we call home. You’ll find it in our products, processes and people. You’ll see it in the way we solve problems, using a real-world lens that’s aimed at discovering unexpected, yet welcome, outcomes.
You’ll recognize it in our commitment to the planet, embracing the responsibility we have to foster a strong, sustainable business that makes the world a better place. You’ll witness it, as we actively support our local communities, giving back, paying it forward, making it last. And you can believe it, as evidenced by how we’re altering the trajectory of vehicle propulsion and aftermarket solutions through one simple promise: We are driven to make a difference.
Drive better.
We know cars. We study them; we’re reinventing them with the clear understanding that every driver has their own needs, from fun, comfort, and freedom to identity and prestige. We see it as our job to power that journey – whatever the reason; whatever the destination – converting energy into motion. Better, transforming the functional into the unforgettable.
We know that people don’t just drive; they want to drive better.
That’s why we’re technologists, committed to reimagining the fuel delivery, power management and vehicle service needs of the drivers of today and tomorrow. Our tight focus on advancing propulsion and aftermarket solutions leads to cleaner, longer-lasting vehicles that always thrill and touch the heart. 
heritage of ingenuity and perseverance.
Our automotive roots are deep – more than 100 years in the making. And our ability to ensure a successful enterprise for all is grounded in our proven track-record of ingenuity. Our legacy dates back to 1888 and manufacturing the first electric door bell. We quickly progressed from there to a vast collection of “firsts” that include:
Self-start vehicle ignitions.
Common rail systems for medium- and heavy-duty applications.
Convertible, PC-based diagnostic tools with access to faster, more affordable on-board diagnostics, tech support and service information.
Ammonia sensors for nitrogen oxide emission control.
Beyond our innovations , we’re a company that has persevered. And, it’s this enduring spirit that we carry with us as we move into a new future of firsts.
Making the world a better place.
Our passion and dedication to building a sustainable business that makes the world greener through reduced emissions and improved fuel economy, also extends to the communities we live in. Supporting our communities goes to the heart of who we are at Technologies. “Be the difference” isn’t just something we say; it’s the actions we take every day as we strive to make a positive impact. From our products, processes, plants and people, our aim is to give back and pay it forward. Our efforts include:
Supporting organic farming in India.
Teaching the importance of recycling to local schoolchildren in Brazil.
Giving trees to local parks in Mexico.
Donating used computers and English books for use by children in underprivileged classrooms in China.
Moving to reusable water bottles at our plant in Korea.
Harvesting rainwater and redirecting for use in flushing toilets in our plant in England.
Contributing to the development of urban green spaces in the United States.
As a leader in the global automotive community, we take seriously our responsibilities to create a safer, greener, more connected place for all people to live and thrive. We welcome it, even. Because, to get from here to the future, we have to follow the right path.
Piracicaba-SP
13422-210
BrazilThis website uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. Full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you manage them can be found in our Cookie Policy
Essential Cookies: Certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. These are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. They’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. However, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. For a list of essential cookies we use, Click Here
Non-essential Cookies: These cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. We also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
You can block any cookies from any website through your browser settings. For more information about how to disable cookies in your browser please visit the About Cookies Website
Because our vision and values anchor to a single promise: Driven to make a difference.
It’s really very simple. has one goal: Driven to make a difference. Under this charge, we are striving to be the focused partner our customers need to overcome the demands of today and thrive in the unknown challenges of tomorrow. For our people, we are working to cultivate an open, dynamic environment that brings to life what’s possible, what’s meaningful. And, for us all, we are undertaking a journey that won't be complete unless we create vehicles that people want to drive.
Our vision.
Our technologists are pioneers in propulsion systems and aftermarket solutions, working with customers all over the world to make combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles more efficient and better to drive.
sustainable future starts today.
Our beliefs.
Innovation is only as good as its value to our customers.
The future is made clear through collaboration.
Agility and responsiveness set us apart.
Our values.