Design Capabilities
Combined 200+ years solar array, boom, mechanism and composites design
Innovative and creative design solutions to achieve highest performance / reliability and lowest cost / mass
State-of-the-art capabilities in Pro-and SolidWorks design techniques
Designs supported with extensive knowledge of flight environments, requirements / interfaces, materials and manufacturing / test
Analysis Capabilities
Combined 90+ years structural, thermal and composites analysis of Linear and non-linear stress, stability and dynamics (modes, transient, random)
Composites stiffness / strength analysis and laminate ply optimization
Thermal (orbital, component temperature, distortion and thermal control design)
NASTRAN, ANSYS, FEMAP, Composite Pro, Mathematica
Copyright © 2008-2018 SystemsQuick Facts
California small business founded in April 2008 - formed from ex-ATK/group
Small Business with Large Prime Contractor Engineering Capability
Product and Research Area Focus
Solar Array Rigid Panel, Flexible Blanket, and Concentrator with Crystalline or Thin Film PV
Structural/Mechanical SubCore Competencies
Prototype Hardware Oriented Technology Development Approach
Customer Base
AFRL, GRC, JSC, GSFC, JPL, / Loral, Boeing, Orbital, Ball Aerospace, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin, MDA, DARPA, NRO
Our Mission
Develop new and enabling technologies for applications. Transition emerging technologies to industry for infusion into future DoD, NASA, and/or commercial programs - in partnership with large businesses. Design, analyze, build, test and deliver on-time the highest quality solar arrays, structures and system products available.
Our Quality Management System
Our Leadership Team
President
Brian Spence is the founder of and a former employee of AEC-Able Engineering / and Astro Aerospace. He received his from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and has over 25 years experience in solar arrays, structural systems, and innovative mechanism technology. Brian is a technical authority in the field of solar array systems, solar array subsystem technologies, and subsystems, and has been involved involved in the program management, design, development, analysis, producion and test of numerous structures (booms and antennas), innovative mechanisms, and solar array (rigid panel, flexible blanket, and concentrator technologies). Brian has an extensive and demonstrated capability for effectively and efficiently managing, planning, leading, mitigating risk, and executing technology development programs on-plan and on-budget. He has authored numerous technical papers, has eight awarded patents, has received a Achievement Award, and is a registered professional engineer in the state of California.
Steve White
Vice President/General Manager
Steve White received his from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and as a former employee AEC-Able Engineering / and currently DSS, has over 26 years experience in structures and solar arrays, and spacecraft engineering. He has extensive and direct experience in the management, design, development, analysis, production and test of space-based structures, mechanisms, and solar array in project engineering, program management and chief engineering capacities. Steve has expertise in the field of solar array systems, solar array subsystem technologies (such as deployment mechanisms, composite structures and array photovolaic blankets/panels), structural and mechanical and sub(including booms, antennas and stable structures), composites design, spacecraft systems, structural analysis and environmental testing. He has authored numerous technical papers, has three awarded patents, and has received two Achievement Awards.
John Espinoza
Product Assurance/Quality Manager
Mr. John Espinoza provides with over 32 years experience in Quality management and manufacturing of products. Mr. Espinoza led in DSS’s AS9100Quality certification in 2014. Prior to joining the team, Mr. Espinoza was previously employed with Northrop Grumman, Astro Aerospace, Raytheon-ECM, and Space. During these assignments, Mr. Espinoza was responsible for all levels of Quality/Mission Assurance, and Supplier Quality. Mr. Espinoza is highly experienced with customer contract requirements, and has a demonstrated high-level of knowledge associated with Flight quality systems, manufacturing, testing, and hardware integration. Mr. Espinoza is a currently a certified Level instructor for several qualified processes, and has instructed at several supplier facilities throughout the United States. Mr. Espinoza is also a Six-Sigma Green-Belt which was issued by Northrop Grumman. Mr. Espinoza's education includes Certification from in Configuration Management.
Mark Douglas
Technical Director
Mark Douglas received his from the University of California, San Diego, and as a former employee AEC-Able Engineering / and currently has over 26 years of experience in the design and qualification of solar arrays, booms and stable structures for applications. As a key member of the technical engineering staff at DSS, Mr. Douglas has expertise in and is directly involved with the design, analysis, qualification/flight manufacture, and qualification/flight testing and technical direction of solar array (rigid panel arrays, flexible blanket arrays, concentrator arrays, and advanced array technologies), open lattice booms/masts, telescopic booms/masts, elastically roll-out booms, dimensionally stable structures for and optical payloads, and large aperture structure technologies. Mr. Douglas has authored several technical papers and has received one individual patent as well as several group patents, and has several other group patents pending.
Matt LaPointe
Technical Director
Matt LaPointe as a former employee of AEC-Able Engineering / and currently at has over 8 years experience in mechanical design, test and analysis of mechanisms and (including solar arrays). Mr. LaPointe received his with Honors from the University of California, Santa Barbara and has significant expertise in mechanical, electrical, and control systems. Mr. LaPointe has been a key technical team member of several successful flight programs, including open lattice masts, rigid panel solar arrays, flexible blanket solar arrays, reflector dish deployment structures, solar array blanket deployers, and damped / latching solar array hinge mechanisms. Mr. LaPointe specializes in complex design of mechanical and electromechanical sub-systems. Mr. LaPointe is a co-inventor on several group patents pending.
Ron Takeda
Chief Technologist
Ron Takeda received his from the California State University, Chico, in 1986 and has over 25 years’ experience in solar array and structural systems. Mr. Takeda has been instrumental in the design, development, analysis, production, test and integration of structures, mechanisms, and solar array (rigid panel, flexible blanket, thin film blanket, and concentrator technologies) in project engineering, manufacturing and test engineering, and Technical Director capacities. Mr. Takeda has extensive experience from many research and development programs, and many flagship spaceflight programs which he has received achievement awards. Mr. Takeda has led as Technical Director on dozens of LEO, and planetary Lander solar array flight programs. Mr. Takeda has continuously demonstrated high competency and capability to lead engineering teams through design innovation, risk mitigation and retirement, analytical modeling, process development, hardware validation, and manufacture and test which are paramount for program success. Mr. Takeda is co-inventor in multiple awarded and pending patents.
Mario Medrano
Director of Manufacturing
Mario Medrano as a former employee of AEC-Able Engineering / and currently with has over 25 years experience in the procurement, fabrication, manufacture, assembly, integration, inspection, and test of spaceflight hardware including solar arrays (rigid panel arrays, flexible blanket arrays, and concentrator arrays) and structures (open lattice booms, very-large linear articulated booms, very-large linear dimensionally stable articulated booms, and dimensionally stable antenna structures), and supporting /tooling. As a key member of DSS’s flight-hardware assembly and test operations, Mr. Medrano has expertise in and is directly involved with the procurement, fabrication, manufacture, assembly, inspection, test and shipment of advanced and space-flight hardware. Mr. Medrano has been honored/recognized for timely delivery and quality workmanship of hardware produced and delivered for NASA, Air Force, JPL, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates (MDA), Orbital, and General Dynamics.
Copyright © 2008-2018 Systems