  is a life science company that harnesses the power of its   nanotechnologies, research and innovation to change the quality of people’s   lives with remedies for advanced health care management.  Dermazone’s technology   platforms enable pharmaceutical, wellness, and skin care products to work faster   and smarter.
was founded on the principles of innovation  and technology , and the company continually evolves with advanced research and development . The company has obtained five licenses  for groundbreaking pharmaceutical products and medical devices, and current  research is expected to yield additional developments in formulations,  technology and manufacturing.
Dermazone’s products, made at pharmaceutical standards, are  available to consumers through its Celazome  Clinical  Skin Care line. Learn more . . .
Dermazone's Hyssop Health™ Therapy is an all-natural remedy-like solution that has proven to relieve, prevent and provide miraculous recovery for an endless variety of maladies, symptoms and disease-like conditions. Learn more . . .
Tampa Bay Partnership
Aug 07, 2014
native Bostonian, Deborah Duffey graduated from Stonehill College with a bachelor’s degree in industrial psychology in 1982. Soon thereafter, she stayed in the Boston area, leading a number of feasibility studies on how to support and sustain growth within companies and organizations throughout the nation.Combining extensive knowledge and experience in   nanotechnologies with an FDA-registered manufacturing facility and complete   research and development capabilities, offers formulating,   private labeling, manufacturing, packaging and fulfillment services to outside   companies to improve product performance. dermacan license our patented   technologies in custom formulations or provide market-tested formulas for   private labeling use, with or without the nanotechnology platforms.
Specializing in  OTC, topical and oral pharmaceuticals, cosmeceutical skincare, and hair care products, dermacan facilitate product   development and production for a wide range of companies. Clients have included cosmeceutical and pharmaceutical firms seeking overflow facilities that   meet their stringent standards, custom topical skin and health care product   providers and retail organizations seeking to private-label products. 
To learn more about dermaCM, please visit
.
Divisions
Celazome Clinical Skin Care
Hyssop Health Therapy
dermaTechnical Brochure
Click here
 to viewOriginally only available through physicians,   dermatologists and other medical professionals, Celazome Clinical Skin Care has   been transforming skin’s health and appearance for 14 years.
The entire Celazome   skin care line of cleansers, masques, moisturizers, treatments and sunscreens is   also now available directly to consumers through www.CelazomeSkin.com .
Formulated to restore and maintain the skin’s   natural balance, Celazome products achieve noticeable results within a few short   weeks through a combination of natural botanicals and scientific innovation.    Specially blended bioactives like lavender oil and green tea extract gently   refine and soothe the top layers of skin, while the patented nanospheres nourish   and hydrate from the inside out. Potent and pure, Celazome products sustain   delivery for rapid results.
Celazome Clinical Skin Care Marketing Material
Celazome No45 Brochure
Our breakthrough firming peptide formulas rescue aging skin without invasive   Botox or surgical treatments. By releasing a 45% concentration of potent,   targeted peptides and bioactives,. N°45 firms, plumps, lifts, and reduces the   appearance of fine lines and wrinkles almost immediately.
Rid of Fine Lines