About Us
About Us
Our Story
is the world leader in industrial lighting technology with over 1 million fixtures installed worldwide. Our story began in 1938 in Brooklyn, NY, where we produced instrument panel lights for aircraft. In 1971, just one year after the introduction of the LED, we launched our first product. Since then, we have revolutionized the use of LEDs and LEDs, to provide superior lighting for traffic control, indicators, structural towers and industrial work sites around the world.
1938
founded to produce instrument panel lights for aircraft 1938
1971
One year after the introduction of the LED, introduces it’s CBI® product 1971
1980
becomes a world leader in indicator applications 1980
1995
1997
partners with Lumileds for first ever “hi-flux” product in their traffic lights 1997
2005
launches first ever hazardous location certified obstruction light 2005
2007
2009
launches High Bay to replace High Output fixtures 2009
2010
introduces first ever certified “flameproof” / IECEx lighting fixture- Zone 1 2010
2013
hits record efficiency with 125lm/Vigilant High Bay 2013
2014
2015
hits record efficiency with 140lm/Vigilant H2 High Bay 2015
2016
First Rockwell Encompass® Product Partner for Lighting & over 1 million fixtures installed worldwide 2016
Company Overview
MISSION
Our purpose is to improve the world we live in through sustainable, energy efficient and intelligent lighting technologies. We enable industrial customers operating in demanding environments to reduce their energy costs, maintenance costs, and carbon footprint while maximizing the safety and productivity of their facilities.
VISION
We see a world where heavy industry is transformed to be safer, more productive and environmentally friendly through illumination.  will be a pioneer of change for the industrial world; advancing the performance standards of industrial technology; using light fixtures in new and connected ways; and creating networks that deliver data-driven insights.
OFFERINGS
From our signature High Bay line to our versatile Linear fixtures, offers the largest selection of rugged, cutting edge products to suit virtually any industrial application. Additionally, our controls solutions can seamlessly integrate with existing factory automation and building management systems to deliver granular control and system-wide visibility that dramatically reduces lighting energy costs by as much as 60 percent or more.
With over 40 years of industrial lighting experience and the largest installed base in the world, Dialight’s extensive network of support staff, distributor and channel partners are ready to help you select among our wide range of products to identify a lighting solution that meets your specific needs.
Learn why more companies install than any other industrial fixtures in the world.
Our customers operate their businesses in harsh industrial environments requiring advanced lighting that is efficient, supports productivity, and above all, ensures the safety of their employees.
Traditional lighting technologies such as Metal Halide, Fluorescent and High Pressure Sodium, require significant and frequent maintenance. Work sites and plants must stock many different types of lamps, ballasts and other fixture components to maintain these systems. These older technologies have short lifespans, poor lumen maintenance and contain material harmful to our environment. When designed properly, systems can offer superior energy efficiency, reliability, longevity, improved light levels, visual clarity, and ultimately cost savings from reduced or eliminated lighting related maintenance, certified lamp recycling and of course energy costs.
That’s why we specialize in lighting.
Industrial work sites require lighting that provides safe and effective illumination. Historically, High-Intensity Discharge (HID) lighting such as High Pressure Sodium (HPS) has dominated the Industrial Sector. However, lighting has many downsides, among them being the impact on our environment. Research confirms that industrial lighting is the most efficient solution to minimize energy consumption and avoid environmental impacts.
Low maintenance integrated design, high efficiency, and an industry leading warranty equal significant time and cost savings.
Sustainable
strategic focus on environmentally friendly technology and a commitment to helping all organizations, including our own, reach corporate sustainability goals.
Convenient
Fixtures deliberately designed with no field replacement parts for the lifespan of the fixture and easy retro-fit kits to make installation and maintenance turn-key.
Trusted
Deep expertise exclusively in lighting technology and decades of experience as a partner to many of the world’s leading organizations has helped us achieve the largest installed base of industrial fixtures in the world.
Intelligent
Controlled lighting solutions that can seamlessly integrate with existing factory automation and building management systems to conveniently optimize work site safety and productivity.
Safe
Solutions designed for the world’s most demanding industrial environments. Fully integrated designs and extensive testing ensure that you can count on our solutions every minute of the day.
Memberships & Awards
legacy of innovation and commitment to great design drive us to continuously develop best-in-class solutions.
Join Our Team
If you are highly motivated, thrive in a fast-paced environment and want to help shape the future of a growing technology company, we want you on our team!
Cookie Notice