Skip Navigation
Corporate Global (English)
Change
Search
Menu
Who We Are
Our Merger
Bringing together complementary portfolios to continue driving innovation, serving communities, and upholding sustainability.
Our Purpose & Values
Leadership
History
Diversity
Communities
Outlook
Our Impact
Our Impact
Innovation
Sustainability
Products & Services
Blog
Media Center
Corporate Global (English)
Change
The Future of Farming Depends on Innovation
Our Merger
Creating a Stronger Agricultural Team
Products & Services
Our Expanded Portfolio Can Enhance Your Yield
Innovating for our food future
Corteva Agriscience™ provides the tools to help farmers produce what our food system demands while conserving resources and sustaining the land.
Innovation approach
Working toward a sustainable future 
We are committed to protecting and preserving the source of our food, helping agricultural communities thrive.
Sustainability approach
Meet the COO
James Collins, Jr.
 Featured Articles
Corteva Announces Enlist E3™ Soybean and Qrome® Corn Commercial Launches
Fighting Global Hunger: Smart Investment
Corteva Agriscience™ scientist recognized
Are GMOs Harmful?
We are building on our heritage to address the challenges of tomorrow.
History
Innovation
Purpose
Connect with us:
Copyright © DuPont. All rights reserved.
® ™ Trademarks of DuPont, and Pioneer and affiliated companies or their respective owners. © 2019 DuPontCommitment to Growing Progress
We bring our global presence, deep knowledge and diverse resources so that farms can flourish, moving our world forward.
Dedicated to agriculture
Corteva Agriscience™, the agriculture division of DowDuPont™, is the only major agriscience company completely dedicated to agriculture. By combining the strengths of DuPont Pioneer, DuPont Crop Protection and AgroSciences, we've harnessed agriculture's brightest minds and expertise gained over two centuries of scientific achievement. 
Our Purpose
To enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume, ensuring progress for generations to come.
Our values
We are driven by our beliefs and our purpose, which is to enrich the lives of those who produce and those who consume, ensuring progress for generations to come.
Enrich lives
We commit to enhancing lives and the land. As leaders, we pursue a purpose which goes beyond our immediate interests to benefit society.
Stand tall
We are leaders who act boldly. We accept the challenges that confront our industry as our own and will step up to ensure that agriculture progresses and thrives.
Be curious
We innovate relentlessly. We accelerate our pace of innovation to create solutions that will deliver abundant high-quality food, now and for the future.
Build together
We grow by working together. We embrace diversity and collaboration in order to build one company and reach out across the food system, creating shared value.
Be upstanding
We always do what's right, maintaining high ethical standards and conducting business safely and transparently.
Live safely
We embrace safety and the environment in all we do.
What people are saying
"feel my local rep is part of my team."
"can't get everything done, so try to surround myself with really good people to better the business."
-Farmer
"Innovative new products are what crop protection is all about."
"Take, for example, the novel natural product, spinosad, and its next-generation semi-synthetic derivative, spinetoram. These products' very favorable environmental profile, combined with highly effective insect control, remain unique to agriculture today."
-Research Scientist, Corteva Agriscience, the agriculturedivision of DowDuPont
"Technology has played a huge part in our ability to expand production"
"We’ve seen over the last five years a significant leap in all field yield levels, and think that’s going to be the number-one contributor to us being able to continue to grow in our ability to expand and continue to thrive.”
-FarmerDOWDUPONT™ AGRISCIENCE™ ST
Corteva Agriscience™ Embodies the Company’s Purpose of Enriching the Lives of Those Who Produce and Those Who Consume, Ensuring Progress for Generations to Come
“This is the start of an exciting journey,” said James Collins, Jr., chief operating officer, Agriculture Division of DowDuPont. “Corteva Agriscience™ is bringing together three businesses with deep connections and dedication to generations of farmers. Our new name acknowledges our history while looking forward to our commitment to enhancing farmer productivity as well as the health and well-being of the consumers they serve. With the most balanced portfolio of products in the industry, nearly a century of agronomic expertise and an unparalleled innovation engine, Corteva Agriscience™ will become a leading Agriculture company, focused on working together with the entire food system to produce a secure supply of healthy food.”
Corteva Agriscience™ brings together DuPont Crop Protection, DuPont Pioneer and to create a market-shaping, standalone agriculture company with leading positions in Seed Technologies, Crop Protection and Digital Agriculture.
The intended company has developed some of the best talent, technology, innovation and R&capabilities that will uniquely position it to transform our food system by helping farmers grow better, abundant and healthier crops while using fewer natural resources.
“We will continue to invest in some of the most recognized and premium brands in agriculture: Pioneer®, Mycogen®, and the newly launched Brevant™ seed brands, as well as our award-winning Crop Protection products, such as Aproach® Prima fungicide and Quelex™ herbicide with Arylex™ active, while bringing new products to market through our solid pipeline of active chemistry and technologies,” said Collins.
In addition to announcing the corporate name, the intended Agriculture company unveiled the Corteva Agriscience™ brand identity and logo today ( www.corteva.com ) at Commodity Classic, the largest farmer-led convention and trade show in the United States.
The corporate headquarters for the intended company will be located in Wilmington, Delaware, and will include key corporate support functions. Sites in Johnston, Iowa, and Indianapolis, Indiana, will serve as Global Business Centers, with leadership of business lines, business support functions, R&D, global supply chain, and sales and marketing capabilities concentrated in the two Midwest locations.
DowDuPont will support the new brand name through a series of recognition events between now and the time the division becomes an independent company.
About DowDuPont
DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please visit us at www.dow-dupont.com .
#   #   #
Recent News