GreenWorld
Committto cultivating and providing the highest quality cannabis and othagricultural products
Medical Cannabis
& Urban Agriculture
Terra Corp is a vertically integratcannabis-focusagriculture company. We’re pioneering the future by integrating the best of the natural world with technology to create sustainable solutions for medical cannabis production, extraction and distribution, plant science research and development, food production and ClosEnvironment Agriculture (CEA). Through this development, we have creatrelevant brands in both the cannabis and agriculture industries.
Committto Cultivating and Providing
The Highest Quality Medical Cannabis
Through multiple subsidiariin this spacwe are committto cultivating and providing the highest quality medical cannabis consistently deliverto qualified, registermedical marijuana establishments in the safest and most secure manner.
Our commitment to advancing research within the medical cannabis industry will lead our approach in cultivating and cross-breeding strains of medical cannabis that treat a variety of ailments. We are uniquely positionto operate safe and successful medical cannabis cultivation facilitithroughout the UnitStates.
"Legal Pot SalExpectto Hit $8 Billion PYear By 2018"
-Huffington Post
Our Dispensary ModOur dispensary modis simplproviding consistency in every patient experiencWe are setting a highstandard for patients who utilize our dispensari– thcan expect the same look, feel, experience and strong sense of security at every location.
Regardless of the state or specific dispensary, patients will know thare obtaining the best product available on the marktoday.
Benefits of Cultivating Cannabis
With Our Superior Agriculture
We’ve harnessthe powof our superior agricultural experience to cultivate cannabis in state-of-the-art, environmentally controllgreenhouses. This positions us as the future sole leadin the booming cannabis market.
Our provgreenhouse growing systems perform reliably, sustainably and profitably:
Energy efficiency
offers operational
Up to
30% More
Sustainable Farming Is Our Passion
Our produce subsidiary, Edible Garden®, was foundto mea growing demand from both retailers and consumers to have year-round access to culinary greens unaffectby unstable markforces.
The company is now a fast-growing family of co-op local growers across the UnitStates, specializing in fresh, hydroponic, non-producherbs and leafy greens. Their local farmers delivthe safest, most nutrient-rich products to the same convenient supermarkets where customers do their regular shopping. While othbrands – including those certifiorganic – are oftimportfrom outside the UnitStates. Edible Garden®’s local farmers exclusively grow, pack and ship their own products. This business modallows for unsurpassmonitoring and quality assurancfrom planting to delivery.
Our Products and Facilitiare CertifiFresh from:
Look Back As We Leap Forward
We have reachmajor milestonin the growth potential for Terra Tech, in
addition to groundbreaking changin the medical cannabis industry.
Feb. 2012
June 2013
2013
More than doublsupermarkpresence from 300 to 800 storJune 2014
Oct. 2014
Nov. 2014
Dec. 2014
Dec. 2014
Dec. 2014
LaunchIVXX™, one of the nations first brands of cannabis products
2014
2014 totals
Receivov200 media impressions in print, broadcast and internGiving Back
Our brands have a social mandate to give back. What dothat mean? Well to us it doesn’t just mean writing a check, it means getting involvwhethit be an environmental concern or social reform. Our people and our partners ginvolvwith our efforts to change the livof others. Below are a fof our favorite organizations. Take some time to ginvolvtoo!
Leadership
Our extensive experience and knowledge in agriculture positions us to creatgrow and sell the highest premium cannabis brand on the market.Our Mission
Our mission is to bring to markinnovative agricultural products, to create a quality work environment for our employees, to offour customers products thfegood about buying and to invest in our futurOur Vision
Our vision is to help transform, through both innovation and brand development, the way we utilize plants to enhance both the well-being of our bodiand the sustainability of our planet.
Why We Wake Up In The Morning
To develop the best products we can and to use our company to push for environmental and social changEnvironmental Change
Our environmental resourcare depleting at a rapid pacWe know there is a bettway for industry and environment to coexist, and we are committto work to that end. 
Social Change
Thousands of people are in prison for the production and distribution of cannabis in our country. Familiare torn apart and livhave beruinfor growing a plant. Cannabis has changthe livof sick patients, creatjobs for the unemployand injectour national, state and local economiwith tax revenuWe are committto help right the wrongs of the past and to develop a transparent and accountable cannabis community.