About Us
continues to raise the bar in the beauty industry by providing the highest level of service and quality to several major brands.
Beauty Beyond Boundaries
We are first and foremost an innovation company, which specializes in a complete product development and manufacturing process. Our aim is to be the benchmark for innovation and quality in skincare and cosmetics through research of new concepts and by offering the best in product manufacturing.
Locations
has gained a reputation for excellence within the beauty industry and more than 100 world-class beauty brands we serve today. With our guiding philosophy of Innovation, Quality and Trust, our aim is to elevate the beauty and skin care industry now and for the future.
Innovation
We find it incredibly rewarding when we see our ideas come to life.
While we offer the best in manufacturing, our most remarkable contribution is in the research and discovery of new scientific methods, understanding of raw materials, and artistic achievement in product development. team of highly trained and gifted scientists and creatives around the globe share a mindset of innovation and a mission to create something extraordinary. They are constantly challenged to dream big and bring the newest and most exciting ideas to market for our customers, with the ability to introduce hundreds of new ideas each year.
Quality
Beauty is more that skin deep, and we believe there is beauty in our scientific methods and manufacturing processes.
This challenges us to create products at the highest level of quality. Our attention to detail at every step ensures that everything we produce is done safely, consistently and efficiently. Our rigorous testing and quality assurance ensures that our results are completely identical at any scale or batch size. With full regulatory compliance around the world, we hold our customers’ reputations, consumer safety and product integrity with high esteem.
Trust
We cultivate trust with every relationship we share and every product we create.
In building and maintaining viable partnerships, we encourage our customers to be involved with every aspect of their product development, manufacturing and handling. Essentially, we become an extension of our customers through R&and manufacturing, so transparency and effective communication are critical to enjoying long-term relationships. Knowledgeable feedback pertaining to quality or regulatory issues is always provided to customers in timely manner. Our precise project planning and careful execution is our way of looking out for our customers’ best interests.was founded in 2004, the culmination of its founder’s personal dream to own a state-of-the-art skin-care product manufacturing facility that is totally focused on product innovation, quality manufacturing and establishing trust through satisfied customers.
Established was established to deliver beauty innovation and best in class manufacturing.
2004
2005
Health Canada Registered
Expanding beyond beauty boundaries and borders becomes Health Canada certified.
2011
2014
Registered (Australia)
becomes a global beauty force and receives Australia’s registration.
Korea Established
Meeting industry trends and consumer need opens a new innovation center in Korea.
2015
2016
at KOSDAQ
captures the attention of investors and IPO’s on the Korean stock exchange.
(Japan FDA) Registered
Partnership with Nihon Kolma
New opportunities are forged in the color cosmetic area through a partnership with Nihon Kolma.
Became Organic and Eco-Cert Compliant
In pursuit of skin care excellence becomes Organic and Eco-cert compliant.
2017
Totowa Division Established
Totowa opens to accommodate Lab’s rapid growth.