Blog
The
Sun
has
a
lot
to
offer.
So
do
we.
Going “green” doesn’t have to compromise your business model. Environmental responsibility can actually enhance the bottom line. Solutions, together with our strategic partners, are ushering in a new era of strategic solutions for building and business owners. Find out how our fresh approach to clean energy can save your business money on much more than just the electricit
Energy Technology Solutions’ strategic partnerships with Rooftop Energy Group of Modesto, CA, Epod of British Columbia, Canada, and Rand Construction Corporation of Washington, allow us to implement the highest quality solutions throughout North America and beyond. is bringing together cutting-edge design, proprietary technology, financial strength, and seamless...
No
maintenance.
Seriously.
As a building owner, your roof can be one of your largest maintenance costs. Energy Technology Solutions designs custom solutions integrating sustainable power and a new roof. In addition, we warranty and maintain the new roof for 20 years. You can imagine what avoiding roof costs for the next 20 years does for your bottom line. Or, we can perform an avoided roof cost analysis along with...
shine.
Many of our clients have opted for a shadier solution – carport arrays. Some scenarios don’t allow for rooftop applications, which is why we have perfected the carport array. People love basking in the sun, but our cars don’t, which is why employees and tenants alike love having power carports in their office parking lot. We can even place car...
Going “green” doesn’t have to compromise your business model....
Partnerships
are
the
difference.
No
maintenance.
Seriously.
As a building owner, your roof can be one of your largest maintenance costs....
Where
the
Sun
shine.
Many of our clients have opted for a shadier solution – carport...
It's time you experienced the Advantage
About
Energy Technology Solutions is committed to bringing unique real estate solutions to the business community. does this by addressing two of the largest issues facing companies who own or manage real estate; the long term cost of roof replacement and roof maintenance, and escalating utility costs.
Our
Team
was founded by Karl Bruce and Phil Baggerly in 2009.  Karl is a seasoned executive whose career has focused on building and managing information service organizations, and Phillip has been actively involved in many aspects of renewable energy initiatives over the past seven years.was founded by Karl Bruce and Phil Baggerly in 2009.  Karl is a seasoned executive whose career has focused on building and managing information service organizations, and Phillip has been actively involved in many aspects of renewable energy initiatives over the past seven years.
Jeff Tompkins and Jesse McDowell were recently brought on board to add their strong skill sets and in-depth experience to Energy Technology Solutions.
Team
Bios
Karl Bruce is a seasoned executive whose career has focused on building and managing information service organizations that create competitive advantage and enable excellence through efficient and effective use of information technology.  After spending 12 years with Arthur Anderson/Accenture, Karl served as the for companies ranging in size from $200 million to $7 billion.  In 2001, Karl formed Consulting to provide growing mid-sized clients with guidance in selecting and implementing solutions necessary to achieve and sustain competitive advantage and operational excellence:  profitable growth, flawless execution, superior customer service, security, and scalability.  As a result of his work with Horizon Organic Dairy, in 2002 Karl was honored as one of “The 25 Most Influential Execs” in the consumer goods by Consumer Goods Technology magazine.  Karl co-founded Energy Technology Solutions with Phil Baggerly in 2009.
Phillip Baggerly is a founding principal with Energy Technology Solutions, and has been actively involved in many aspects of renewable energy initiatives over the past seven years.  Phil has established international strategic partnerships with German home building, and mechanical companies over the past 7 years.  Phil has focused on developing superior technology homes and commercial properties, which contain cutting edge renewable energy HVAC, plumbing and mechanical systems in conjunction with the housing markets in Colorado.  Phil has also been actively involved in commercial real estate development, portfolio acquisitions and dispositions, equity fundraising, asset and property management, leasing and related consulting for over 26 years. Phil specializes in the repositioning and disposition of under or non-performing trouble assets and possesses a strong skill set to create value for such troubled assets. Phil has represented institutional clients such as TIAA-CREF, Lincoln National Life, Chase Bank, and the in the acquisition, asset and property management and disposition of all types of commercial real estate valued at over 2 billion dollars in value and has successfully consummated over 1,000 leases in the past 26 years.  Phil holds a in Finance-Real Estate (1984) from Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas.  He resides in Centennial, Colorado with his wife Elizabeth and two children, Susanna and Thomas.
Jeff Tompkins began his career in 1997 after graduating with a in Pre-Law from John Brown University.  After spending 4 years as a process engineer and manager for a few high tech companies (including West and Relera), Jeff spent the next 7 years involved in all facets of mortgage financing (including owning his own mortgage company called Teacher’s Funding Group), and for the last 5 years has been a principal with Advisor Commercial Realty, LLC, in commercial property acquisitions, leasing, and property management for retail, office, land, flex industrial and special use properties.  Jeff brings a strong gift for organization, company and project administration, team leadership and in-depth experience in commercial real estate to Energy Technology Solutions.
Jesse McDowell began his career in real estate development in 1999 after receiving a in Business/Economics from Wheaton College in Wheaton,  After spending six years as a Development Manager for a boutique development firm based in Littleton Colorado, Jesse founded Ascent Development Inc. to expand the scope of development projects and services available to select investors and clients.  Jesse has been involved in the acquisition, planning, and development of over 900,000 square feet of built space and hundreds of acres of land development totaling more than $160 million in project value.  Jesse brings a practiced ability to interact with clients and investors of all facets of business to the Energy Technology Solutions team.  His expertise in navigating the myriad aspects of real estate from land use to entitlements to project completion enhances Energy Technology Solutions ability to implement a full range of power solutions.Home
About Our Team
Partners
Free Consultation
Blog
Partners
Ph: 209-576-0140
Ph: 720-210-9075 or 
Fortress AdvisoryEnergy Technology Solutions is committed to bringing unique real estate solutions to the business community. does this by addressing two of the largest issues facing companies who own or manage real estate; the long term cost of roof replacement and roof maintenance, and escalating utility costs.
is focused on solutions which provide sustainable energy generation and long term roofing protection with little to no capital expense to the owner. If your business could decrease its annual operation expenses while securing renewable energy and not spend a penny in the process, would it make sense to your business objectives? Wouldn’t this be a great story to tell your employees and/or tenants? We think so.