May 5, 2011
Since its founding in 2006, has dedicated itself to transforming healthcare through discovery,      development, and commercialization of innovative stem cell-based curative capable of relieving the      suffering of children and adults inflicted with devastating diseases or injuries that are currently inadequately      treated and/or incurable.
Headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, the company has built an elite team of Stanford-trained scientists      with core expertise in stem cell immunology and genetic engineering. This has fueled a series of significant      scientific advances over the past 4 years, bringing only months away from the creation of the world's      first universal pluripotent stem cell source. Escape's primary areas of focus include type diabetes, acute      myocardial infarction, and acute and chronic skin wounds.
© 2010 Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved.Escape's mission is to transform healthcare through innovating cures rather than band-aid medicines.  will be the first company worldwide to enable cell-based to achieve a universal,  off-the-shelf status.
© 2010 Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved.Therapeutics, Inc. is an early stage biotechnology company focused on accelerating the commercial  availability of allogeneic stem cell therapies by solving the key translational hurdle preventing their  clinical utility - immune mismatch and subsequent donor rejection.
Invented by Escape's founder Dr. Hantash while at Stanford University, our platform technology represents  a significant potential breakthrough that can revolutionize the treatment of numerous medical diseases that  require cell and/or organ replacement such as type diabetes, Parkinson's, and leukemia, amongst others.  Escape's innovative technology allows for the creation of the world's first allogeneic, "off-the-shelf"  therapy capable of being used in any patient irrespective of their profile without the need for adjunctive  immunosuppression, matching, or autologous sourcing.
© 2010 Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved.Dr. Hantash is an 18-year veteran of regenerative medicine, conducting pioneering research  at Stanford University investigating the mechanisms underlying mesenchymal stem cell immune  tolerance. In late 2006, Dr. Hantash founded based on his lab's discovery  while at Stanford University. He previously served as consulting of Stemedica Cell Technologies,  helping secure Series financing while guiding technology, regulatory, intellectual property,  and business development strategies.
In 2002, Dr. Hantash founded ZyBas, Inc, a consulting firm focused on supporting early-stage disruptive  aesthetic medicine companies such as Reliant Technologies, creators of the breakthrough Fraxel® medical  laser platform. Prior to this, Dr. Hantash was a research scientist at the neuroscience biotech start-up  Molecular Geriatrics, where he worked under the mentorship of Nobel Laureat Ferid Murad, MD, PhD.
Dr. Hantash completed his dermatology residency, postdoctoral training in the Program for Regenerative Medicine,  and a prestigious fellowship in the Biodesign Innovation Program at Stanford University. He received his  and Ph(pharmacology and physiology) from New Jersey Medical School, where he was inducted in the  Medical Honor Society and graduated as valedictorian of both his Graduate and Medical School. Dr. Hantash  received his in Biology and minor in Chemistry from the University of Illinois, where he was the recipient  of a Howard Hughes Research Fellowship. Dr. Hantash completed his with honors at the Wharton School,  University of Pennsylvania, where he was also the recipient of the Price Institute Fellowship for entrepreneurship.
© 2010 Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved.