Toggle navigation
Advancing surgery across the globe to help provide life-changing treatment options.
Leaving?
You’ve selected a different language of Ethicon.com which may show different product availability. Are you sure you would like to switch?
You've selected the regional instance of www.ethicon.com.
In order to serve you to the best of our abilities, we want to make sure we're showing the proper product information according to your location. Based on your internet connection, we believe you are located in Greece.
To continue and visit the regional instance of www.ethicon.com, click "Continue". If you would like to view a different location of www.ethicon.com, click 'Change Location' and select an available location.
Continue
Privacy Notice - US, is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. In order to make your visits to the various www.ethicon.com sites as responsive as possible, we collect location information when you visit us online and store this information as a cookie in your browser for a duration of 60 days to facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the site. You can refuse to accept these cookies by following your browser's instructions; however, if you do not accept them, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the site. You may also not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. To learn more, read our Privacy Policy.
You've selected the @region regional instance of www.ethicon.com.
In order to serve you to the best of our abilities, we want to make sure we're showing the proper product information according to your location. Based on your internet connection, we believe you are located in @country.
To continue and visit the @region regional instance of www.ethicon.com, click "Continue". If you would like to view a different location of www.ethicon.com, click 'Change Location' and select an available location.
This site intended for Healthcare Professionals. Not all products are available in all countries. Please contact your local office for more information. If you are a patient, it is important to discuss health information with your doctor.
To best serve you, we want to make sure we provide information relative to your location. Using your address, we've recommend a site relative to your location. If correct, please proceed to view information relative to products available. If incorrect, please use the location dropdown selection tool above.
© USA, 2017. DSL#085133-171129
This site is published by USA, which is solely responsible for its contents and is intended for audiences only.
This site is intended for Healthcare Professionals.  If you are a patient, it is important that you discuss information about the benefits and risks of products with your doctor. This site is intended for Healthcare Professionals. Not all products are available in all countries. Please contact your local office for more information. If you are a patient, it is important to discuss health information with your doctor. To continue, please acknowledge and dismiss.
Main navigation
<< Back
Search
Keyword search
Product specifications
<< Back
Specialties & procedures
<< Back
Bariatric Surgery
Committed to shaping the future of surgery in the fight against obesity and metabolic diseases and helping to elevate the standard of care through research and evidence, best-in-class education and training, innovative products and expanding patient access to care. Together, we’re advancing surgical care, enabling patients to live longer, more fulfilling lives.
Gastric Bypass
Sleeve Gastrectomy
Revisional Surgery
<< Back
Colorectal Surgery
Our commitment to colorectal surgery focuses on reducing risk of complications and associated costs. By combining innovation with education and research, we enable more predictability in outcomes.
 and LAP-Assisted LAR
Left Colectomy
Right Colectomy
Sigmoid Colectomy
Open Left Colectomy
Open Right Colectomy
Open Sigmoid Colectomy
<< Back
Hepato-Biliary Surgery
We are committed to developing flexible solutions for every aspect of cancer procedures – from supporting education to funding research to delivering innovations that reduce the incidence and cost of managing bleeding and infection-related complications.
Distal Pancreatectomy
Left Lateral Sectionectomy
Open Right Hepatectomy
Open Whipple
<< Back
Thoracic Surgery
We are dedicated to procedural precision and have a renewed focus on bringing greater precision to every aspect of thoracic surgery. Through training, research, and innovative products, we provide tools to enable better outcomes in thoracic surgery.
Open Lobectomy
Lobectomy
Segmentectomy
Wedge
View more specialities
<< Back
Gynecological Surgery
Our goal is to collaborate with the gynecologic community to ensure positive clinical outcomes. We offer solutions to support a number of gynecological surgical procedures – both open and laparoscopic – as well as a variety of techniques.
Hysterectomy
<< Back
Hernia Surgery
Ethicon’s commitment to advancing hernia repair is reflected in our ongoing investments in evidence, innovative products, and best-in-class professional education.
Inguinal
Ventral
Open Inguinal
Open Ventral
<< Back
Orthopedic Surgery
We are committed to the Orthopedic Specialty by providing training and education programs, research and innovative products. We strive to provide tools to enable better outcomes in orthopedic surgery.
Total Hip Arthroplasty
Total Knee Arthroplasty
<< Back
Products
<< Back
Adjunctive Hemostasis
The portfolio of Adjunctive Hemostats is an area dedicated to aid in surgery by focusing on an array of technologies to minimize bleeding challenges. Solutions comprise innovative, biologically based products for surgical conditions that are often difficult or expensive to manage.
Sealants
EVICEL® Fibrin Sealant (Human)
Absorbable Hemostats
EVARREST® Fibrin Sealant Patch
SNoW™ Absorbable Hemostat
SURGICEL® FIBRILLAR™ Absorbable Hemostat
SURGICEL® NU-KNIT® Absorbable Hemostat
SURGICEL® Original Absorbable Hemostat
SURGICEL® Powder Absorbable Hemostat 
SURGIFLO® Hemostatic Matrix Kit
SURGIFOAM® Absorbable Gelatin Powder
SURGIFOAM® Absorbable Gelatin Powder Kit
SURGIFOAM® Absorbable Gelatin Sponge
SURGIFOAM® Absorbable Gelatin Sponge Hemorrhoidectomy Sponge
<< Back
Energy Sealing and Dissecting
With the broadest advanced energy portfolio, provides you with unmatched choice for your laparoscopic and open surgical needs.
Ultrasonic Shears
ACE®+7 Shears with Advanced Hemostasis
FOCUS®+ Long Shears
FOCUS®+ Shears
SYNERGY® Blades
HARMONIC® Blades
HARMONIC® Hand Pieces
HARMONIC® 1000i Shears
Advanced Bipolar Devices
ENSEAL® Round Tip Tissue Sealer
ENSEAL® G2 Articulating Tissue Sealer
ENSEAL® G2 Curved and Straight Tissue Sealer
ENSEAL® Trio Tissue Sealers
ENSEAL® X1 Curved Jaw Tissue Sealer
ENSEAL® X1 Large Jaw
Generators
GEN11 Generator
MEGADYNE™ POWER™ Electrosurgical Generator
Electrosurgical Devices
ENDOPATH® Electrosurgery PLUS® II
BLADE™ 700 Soft Tissue Dissector
MEGADYNE™ SOFT™ Reusable Patient Return Electrode
MEGADYNE™ Smoke Evacuation Pencils
MEGADYNE™ Smoke Evacuators
MEGADYNE™ Bipolar Forceps
MEGADYNE™ Disposable Patient Return Electrodes
MEGADYNE™ E-CLEAN™ Electrosurgical Electrodes
MEGADYNE™ Loops
MEGADYNE™ Stainless Steel Electrodes and Pencils 
MEGADYNE™ Suction Coagulators
<< Back
Surgical Stapling
Our surgical stapling portfolio addresses the challenges of tissue thickness. tissue movement during firing. staple line security, and tissue tension to provide you with greater stapling precision in surgery.
Skin Staplers
PROXIMATE® Fixed-Head Skin Staplers
PROXIMATE® Plus Stapler
PROXIMATE® Rotating-Head Skin Staplers
Linear Staplers
PROXIMATE® Reloadable Staplers (TX)
Linear Cutters
Linear Cutters
PROXIMATE® Linear Cutters
Curved Cutter Stapler
CONTOUR® Curved Cutter Stapler 
Circular Staplers
Circular Sizers
CIRCULAR™ Powered Stapler
Circular Stapler
Endocutters
FLEX™ ENDOPATH® Staplers
FLEX™ System
FLEX™ Powered Vascular Stapler
ENDOPATH® Articulating Linear Cutters
Hemorrhoidal Stapler
PROXIMATE® Circular Stapler
<< Back
Wound Closure
has pioneered advances in skin closure that enable you to minimize tissue trauma, optimize healing, and improve patient outcomes. We offer a portfolio of innovative wound closure solutions designed for the specific needs of skin, fascia, and organ tissues.
Tissue Control Devices
STRATAFIX™ Spiral Knotless Tissue Control Device
STRATAFIX™ Symmetric PDS™ Plus Knotless Tissue Control Device
Absorbable Sutures
Coated VICRYL® (polyglactin 910) Suture
Coated VICRYL® Plus Antibacterial (polyglactin 910) Suture
Fast Absorbing Surgical Gut Suture (Plain)
MONOCRYL® (poliglecaprone 25) Suture
MONOCRYL® Plus Antibacterial (poliglecaprone 25) Suture
PDS® (polydioxanone) Suture
PDS® Plus Antibacterial (polydioxanone) Suture
Surgical Gut Suture (Plain and Chromic)
RAPIDE™ (polyglactin 910) Suture
Skin Adhesives
ADVANCED® Topical Skin Adhesive
DERMABOND® Mini Topical Skin Adhesive
DERMABOND® PRINEO® Skin Closure System
Advanced Suturing System
PROXISURE™ Suturing Device
Non-Absorbable Sutures
EXCEL® Polyester Suture
ETHILON® Nylon Suture
EVERPOINT® Cardiovascular Needle
MERSILENE® Polyester Fiber Suture
NUROLON® Nylon Suture
PROLENE® Polypropylene Suture with HEMO-SEAL™ Technology
PRONOVA® Poly (hexafluoropropylene-VDF) Suture
View more platforms
<< Back
Access
offers you flexibility across surgical specialties, so you can choose the right trocar, with the right level of performance, when and where it is needed. The ENDOPATH® Trocar Portfolio brings value to every procedure.
Trocars
BASX® Trocars
Non-Shielded Trocar
Surgical Thoracic Trocar Sleeve with Rounded Tip Obturator
XCEL® Trocars
XCEL® Trocars with OPTIVIEW® Technology
ENDOPATH® Mini Bladeless Trocar
FLEXIPATH® Trocars
Insufflation Needles
Insufflation Needles
Hand Assist Devices
Hand Assist Devices
<< Back
Magnetic Sphincter Augmentation
Magnetic Sphincter Augmentation
Reflux Management System
LINX® Reflux Management System
<< Back
Hernia Mesh & Fixation
has been pioneering advances in hernia surgery to help restore patients back to their pre-hernia life. Our innovative value-led solutions are meant to provide strong and safe hernia repair and are designed for good long-term patient outcomes.
Hernia Mesh
PHYSIOMESH™ Open Flexible Composite Mesh Device
FlexHD® Acellular Hydrated Dermis
PROCEED® Surgical Mesh
PROCEED® Ventral Patch
PROLENE® 3Patch Polypropylene Mesh
PROLENE® Polypropylene Hernia System
PROLENE® Soft Polypropylene Mesh
ADVANCED™
PLUG™ Partially Absorbable Hernia Repair Device
ULTRAPRO® Hernia System
ULTRAPRO® Partially Absorbable Lightweight Mesh
ULTRAPRO® Plug
BIOLOGIC® Tissue Matrix
Hernia Fixation Devices
SECURESTRAP® Absorbable Strap Fixation Device
SECURESTRAP® Open Absorbable Strap Fixation Device
<< Back
Ligation
The portfolio of endoscopic and open ligation devices are designed to provide optimal patient surgical experiences. Our deep understanding of the interaction between surgical tools and living tissue has enabled us to design solutions for confident occlusion.
Clip Appliers
LIGACLIP® Endoscopic Rotating Multiple Clip Applier
LIGACLIP® Multi-Patient Use Single Clip Appliers
LIGACLIP® Multiple Clip Applier
LIGAMAX™ 5 Endoscopic Multiple Clip Applier
Clips
LIGACLIP® Extra Ligating Clips
<< Back
Microwave Ablation
minimally invasive option for soft tissue lesions in the liver, kidney and lung. Learn how this versatile system allows physicians to ablate lesions of many shapes and sizes with consistency and control.†,*
Microwave Ablation
NEUWAVE™ Microwave Ablation System
<< Back
Uterine & Pelvic
has worked with gynecologists to create innovative new solutions for a greater choice of procedures. Enhanced technique combined with innovative technologies helps to improve surgical performance.
Absorbable Adhesion Barriers
INTERCEED® Absorbable Adhesion Barrier
Pelvic Floor Repair Devices
ARTISYN® Y-Shaped Mesh
GYNEMESH® Nonabsorbable PROLENE® Soft Mesh
Incontinence Slings
ABBREVO® Continence System
EXACT® Continence System
TVT™ Obturator System Tension-Free Support for Incontinence
TVT™ Retropubic System Tension-Free Support for Incontinence
Operative Hysteroscopy Devices
VERSAPOINT™ Bipolar Electrosurgery System
<< Back
Storage and Organization
Our storage solutions help to organize your to meet your needs.  understands the importance of at-your-fingertips access to frequently used products near the OR.
Carts
Procedure Cart™
<< Back
Vascular Access & Infection Control
Infection Control is a high priority for hospitals and throughout the continuum of care. Clinicians focus on fewer breaches of the skin and proper site maintenance which improves outcomes, lowers costs and increases patient satisfaction. provides solutions for your vascular access and surgical site infection control needs.
Infection Risk Management
BIOPATCH® Protective Disk with CHG
<< Back
Other Devices
Whatever your needs during the course of surgery, is committed to providing you a solution.
Specimen Retrieval
RETRIEVER® Specimen Retrieval Bag
Product Center
<< Back
Education & support
CareAdvantage
Contributions & Donations
Customer Support
Education Grants
Innovation has Arrived
Investigator Initiated Study
J&Innovation Center
Professional Education
Reimbursement
Thoracic Evidence
Touch Surgery
Why Antibacterial Suture
Energy Solutions
<< Back
About us
J&Careers
News & Events
Our Promise
Search Dropdown
Back
 Search 
keyboard
Region selection
<< Back
Language selection
USA
EMEA
LATAM, Portuguese
LATAM, Spanish
APAC, India
Toggle navigation
Leaving?
You are going to another regional website. The content and products listed may not be approved or available for use in your specific region or country.
Home
rss_feed
News & Events
January 28
2019
New study suggests surgical stapler may play important role in reducing common complication associated with lung surgery
SURGERY
Greater than Two-to-One Difference in Thoracic Surgery Air Leak Incidence
 Read More 
chevron_right
October 22
2018
New study highlights impact of surgical staplers on tissue and staple-line healing 
FLEX™ System is associated with a stronger staple line and higher leak pressures when compared to Endo GIA™ Reload with Tri-Staple™ Technology
 Read More 
chevron_right
October 11
2018
New survey finds one-third of Americans say they or someone they know have been “fat shamed” in the past year
Stigma may influence how people view and seek obesity treatment
 Read More 
chevron_right
October 09
2018
Reflux Management System significantly more effective than standard of care medical therapy in treating symptoms of GERD
 Read More 
chevron_right
September 26
2018
launches comprehensive solution for bariatric revision surgery
Portfolio of Products, Education and Training to Help Surgeons Handle Challenging Reoperations
 Read More 
chevron_right
September 24
2018
Ethicon’s novel skin closure system leads to higher patient and surgeon satisfaction after total knee replacement
Study Finds Combination Topical Skin Adhesive and Self-Adhering Mesh Preferred over Skin Staples for Wound Closure 
 Read More 
chevron_right
May 01
2018
Losing weight between young adulthood and middle age significantly reduces diabetes risk
New Study Suggests Nearly Two-Thirds of Diabetes Cases Could be Avoided if Adults Were to Maintain a Healthy Weight Between their mid-20s and 40s 
 Read More 
chevron_right
April 30
2018
New study finds powered stapler use is associated with reduced rates of bleeding complications in thoracic surgery for lung cancer
Powered Staplers Associated with Improved Clinical and Economic Outcomes in First Real-World Assessment Versus Manual Staplers
 Read More 
chevron_right
March 26
2018
highlights new capabilities to reduce exposure to surgical smoke at the Association of PeriOperative Nurses (AORN) conference
Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies’ Comprehensive Solutions Can Help Improve Patient Care and Health in the OR
 Read More 
chevron_right
January 09
2018
 New Absorbable Adjunctive Hemostat from helps surgeons control disruptive bleeding more efficiently 
SURGICEL® Powder is the next innovation in bleeding management designed to help improve operating efficiency 
 Read More 
chevron_right
View more
© US, LLC
. 2017. 085133-171129
For complete indications, contraindications, warnings, precautions, and adverse reactions, please reference full package insert.
This site is published by 
US, LLC,
 which is solely responsible for its contents, and is intended for audiences only.
This site is intended for Healthcare Professionals.  If you are a patient, it is important that you discuss information about the benefits and risks of products with your doctor. 
Last updated December 15, 2017. The third-party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners. Data and usage fees may apply. See your carrier for more information.
Footer - Links
News
Careers
state requirements
Contact us
Johnson & Johnson Institute
Legal notice/Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Supplemental contract terms
Choice Matters
The Microwave Ablation Movement
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Product Catalog
Product Catalog
White background + Darkgrey text
Order Product
Order Product
Red background + White text
Email