uses cookies to analyze traffic and improve upon the user's online experience. Learn more about our cookie usage at our privacy policy .
that helps people reach higher and achieve more.
Why human performance?
We started in the late ’90s with the belief that human performance is for all of us. We felt strongly about this but weren’t yet sure how to impact the most people. Rather than confining ourselves to established industries such as health care, corporate wellness, and sports performance, we’re interested in putting people in the best position to take control of their health so they can succeed at anything.
That’s why we’ve created a platform for achievement that any organization can use to help all its people reach their potential. After all, the well-being and performance of every person on a team are vital to its success.  learn more about what we do
YOU
KNOW?
comes from the word “exosphere,” the highest level of the atmosphere. It’s about performing at a higher level.
We believe taking control of personal health and performance is a universal challenge.
No matter your profession, from software engineer to sports star, you want to improve every day — and not just at work. Performance is about achieving what matters to you, and that’s what matters to us.
Select an industry to learn more.
performance every day
90
The percentage of people who would recommend to a friend or colleague.
global
impact
We work with clients at over 400 sites worldwide
Teamwork is the lifeblood of our company. We work together to support each other, our partners, and our clients in the most challenging environments around the world.
In addition to our corporate offices and our owned-and-operated performance centers, you can find services at corporate campuses, military bases, health clubs, community centers, health systems, academic institutions, and sports organizations in more than 30 countries.
our
partners
Partnerships have always been a crucial part of this company. Our partners advance our research and push us to stay at the forefront of human performance. We drive one another, support one another, and celebrate achievements together.
YOU
KNOW?
With the support of adidas, we first opened our doors in 1999, and we’re still collaborating today.
leadership
Our leadership team builds strategies, systems, and processes to create a healthy company and enable our workforce to deliver results for our clients. We invest in team members, innovation, and solutions so we can continue driving human performance outcomes and inspire people to aim higher and achieve their goals.
4,500
strong
team members are leaders and learners, working together to empower each other and clients.
recognition
Awards in areas such as innovation in sports and employee wellness programs are a testament to our clients’ achievements. That’s why recognition matters to us. It means we’re making a difference in the lives of others.