Floadia, the experts
In 2011, 7 engineers left Renesas and established to provide the best Non-Volatile Memory technology to the world.
The company licenses its intellectual property (IP), including manufacturing process and circuit designs, necessary for embedded memory production.
is a team of experienced engineers who were developing embedded memory for more than 20 years. Floadia’s development team comprises not only with memory engineers and circuit designers but also people with deep knowledge in the manufacturing process and quality assurance to provide full range of service.
Corporate Milestone
2014
Flash-G1 and G2 implementation started at Powerchip Technology 2015
Board of Directors
Chairman Koichi Nagasawa
Chairman
Tokyo HQ
+81-42-346-5510
Taiwan Branch
R612/ R618, Center of Innovative Incubator, No. 101, Section 2, Guangfu Road, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30013, R.O.C.
+886-3-5613922
Corporate Social Responsibility
is committed to take responsibility to the society, the environment and the stakeholders.
Management Philosophy
Floadia’s basic philosophy is to contribute to the advancement of society, through continuous pursuit of necessary technology for the convenience of humanity, with challenge spirit, wisdom and efforts of all employees. We will work at fair and modest heart, recognize customer first as the starting point of our business activities, honor the nature, love people and work hard as a sensible citizen to realize truly affluent society.
Compliance
prohibits anti-social transactions by employee in accordance with the “Basic Rules on Anti-Social Transaction Prevention (Draft)” and has also established a mechanism to prevent anti-social transactions, such as contract review, internal audit and employment rules.
Security Export Control
Since its business domain extends all over the world, make sure we comply with “Laws and regulations related to security export control”. implements periodical education for all of its employees.
Managing Confidential and Privacy Information
pays highest attention to protect customer information to secure their interest, as well as that of internal private information. enforce it through “Sales Confidential Management Rule”, “Specific Personal Information Protection Rule”, and “Non-Disclosure Agreement” with employees, to cover not only domestic but laws and regulations all over the world.
Consultation and Reporting Desk
Due to the size of the company still in development, Floadia’s auditor plays the role of consultation and reporting desk, whenever we have compliance issue. Our auditor has meeting with all of our employees periodically to secure opportunity for communication.
Tokyo HQ
+81-42-346-5510
Taiwan Branch
R612/ R618, Center of Innovative Incubator, No. 101, Section 2, Guangfu Road, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30013, R.O.C.
+886-3-5613922Tokyo, Japan June 25 th, 2016 – (Floadia), a leading provider of embedded flash semiconductor intellectual property (IP), has been selected as one of the Innovation Showcase Companies for 2016, which are young, rapidly growing companies founded in Japan around exciting technologies and highly innovative business ideas that have the potential for major worldwide impact. Innovation Showcase Companies are firms that show outstanding promise and are beginning to gain international traction.
was established in 2011 and a spin-out of experienced engineers who were developing embedded non-volatile memory at Hitachi/Renesas for more than 20 years. licenses its intellectual property (IP), including manufacturing process and circuit designs, necessary for the embedded memory production. Floadia’s development team comprises not only circuit designers but also engineers with expertise in the manufacturing process. Currently has over 85 patents, filed and pending.
About Japan – Innovation Awards
Japan – Innovation Awards is held since 2011 by the Japan Society of Northern California in cooperation with the Stanford University US-Asia Technology Management Center, with the vision to organize timely and interesting programs that focus on Japan – innovation and entrepreneurship. The signature activity is an intensive year–long process to identify companies with a Japan – connection that have achieved highly noteworthy innovations in business or technology. The Awards are presented each year at the public “Japan – Innovation Awards Symposium” held at Stanford University and publicized widely through the media.
2018.9.25
+81-42-346-5510
Taiwan Branch
R612/ R618, Center of Innovative Incubator, No. 101, Section 2, Guangfu Road, Hsinchu, Taiwan 30013, R.O.C.
+886-3-5613922