and problem-solvers.
We are in the business of changing people’s minds about systems.
Who We Are
For the past 30 years, has manufactured the DeltaPValve®, a
precision valve for the heating and cooling of commercial buildings.
Experience
Industries, Inc. (FCI) is a specialty manufacturer of high-performance pressure independent valves, delivering energy efficient products and services through a consultative process to increase building value and lower total cost of ownership (TCO).
The DeltaPValve®, FCI’s flagship product was developed by founder and Chairman Paul Skoglund, over 20 years ago when he realized that more effective valves could revolutionize mechanical system efficiency. As an industry pioneer, Paul was the first to create the patented design, development and application of pressure independent valves.
Since the release of the first DeltaPValve®, FCI’s team of world class engineers has worked to improve its design, efficiency and overall effectiveness. This focus and dedication has propelled the DeltaPValve® to the top of the industry being the only variable hydronic system that Guarantees Delta T.
DeltaPValves are used in projects all over the world and is consistently saving customers millions of dollars in first costs, operating costs and deferred capital costs.
Industries is a private company headquartered in Woodinville, WA.
Team
Our Leadership
Paul Skoglund
Paul Skoglund is the Founder and of Industries. He began his career working at Trane before founding Skoglund Company which went on to become one of the largest mechanical engineering companies in Alaska. In 1990, Paul Skoglund developed Industries’ flagship product, the DeltaPValve®. This was the first pressure independent valve to be used on hydronic systems. Paul has spent the last 25 years perfecting this technology and enhancing the performance of this world-class product.
Founder, CEO
Rob Trickett
Rob Trickett is the Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Industries and FlowEnergy. He manages inside and outside sales, as well as 19 domestic and international manufacturers’ representatives. Previously Rob was of Sales for an international software company and has more than 15 years of technology sales experience.
Sales and Marketing
Raquel Lackey
Raquel Lackey is the Vice President of Operations, Administration & Finance at Industries and FlowEnergy. She is a senior accounting and financial management executive with 20 years of experience as a Certified Public Accountant and 9 years of experience as C-suite officer. Raquel has an established record of success in growing private and multi-national companies.
Finance, Operations
Open Positions
We don’t currently have any job openings at Industries. We’d love to hear from you, though! Please send your resume to us at info@flowcontrol.com and we’ll get back to you with any future opportunities.
Subscribe to Mailing List
Industries, Inc. (FCI) is a specialty manufacturer of high-performance pressure independent valves, delivering energy efficient products and services through a consultative process to increase building value and lower total cost of ownership.
The DeltaPValve®, FCI’s flagship product, was developed by Founder and Chairman Paul Skoglund, over 20 years ago when he realized that more effective valves could revolutionize mechanical system efficiency. As an industry pioneer, Paul was the first to create the patented design, development and application of pressure independent valves.
FlowEnergy , provides a holistic energy intelligence and optimization solution that combines FCI’s proven hardware, advanced software and expert guidance to deliver unprecedented control, in-depth insights, and sustainable savings.
© 2009 - 2016. Industries, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Interested in working with us?