SOLUTION.
We deliver real-time sensing data, with intelligent machine-learning algorithms to proactively detect issues and address them before they become a problem – all with reduced installation times and affordable prices.
Designed from the ground up, our highly accurate and durable solution is flexible enough to meet the needs of any community large or small, and can easily be integrated into existing operations.
One of the most relevant tools for those interested in Smart City technology is an apparently simple one: the parking meter. The evolution of the parking meter is an important concept to understand for cities who want to proactively approach parking issues, save time and money spent on the upkeep of traditional parking meters, and make parking more efficient.
Keeping no-parking zones available for emergency vehicles is crucial for ensuring that first responders can perform their duties in protecting citizens. As most city-dwellers know: big signs, bright colors, and strong words can only do so much to deter illegal parking.
Smart City lighting consists of replacing standard street lights with LEDs, then connecting the LEDs to sensors which can dim lights, schedule lights, add traffic-based triggers, or add emergency response triggers and more. Lighting is one of the quickest ways to get a return on your investment, and to set the stage for a city to add further Smart City improvements in the future.
Without proper security measures, Iotechnology cannot operate successfully and could leak valuable information to malicious hands. Security will be one of the top issues regarding Iomoving forward, but there are some firms, such as Fybr, that are already taking the extra steps to ensure security with their technology.
Ride-sharing apps are changing the way we view transportation, but such a large disruption in a long-standing market is bound to cause unforeseen consequences. One of these biggest concerns for cities is an increase in curbside usage.
Smart City solutions certainly align with green initiatives saving cities time and giving them the right tools to make critical decisions that impact the environment and make our cities better places to live and work. At Fybr, we believe Smart is the new Green™ for communities around the globe.
San Mateo County is one of the top three digital counties in the United States (in the category of 500,000 to 999,999) , according to the 2018 Digital Counties Survey. "This year's winners use tech to improve government, even when the odds are stacked against them. In...
is pleased to announce a partnership with Labs, San Mateo County’s Smart Region Innovation Lab, to deploy cutting edge Internet of Things (IoT) technology within two of the county’s innovation zones. Labs will use Fybr’s end-to-end, integrated IoT...
Today, many drivers rely on real-time traffic information and vehicle navigation systems to provide journey times and the best routes to their destinations. However, real-time parking availability – especially on-street availability – is almost never a part of current...
End-to-End Platform
comprehensive, modern framework that spans from edge devices to cloud servers – Enabling rapid development for a variety of industrial Iouses.
Designed for Ultra-Low Power Use
Designed to implement secure and reliable Ioapplications with minimal power consumption.
Long Range Without The Latency
Optimized to deliver the longest range possible with virtually no latency.


is recognized with Frost & Sullivan’s 2017 Product Leadership Award.
has developed a leading smart water solution for the industry that directly responds to key challenges that have traditionally stymied the growth of data-based solutions. Addressing these challenges, unlike many traditional peers in the water industry, Fybr’s platform is future-proof through its flexible and adjustable deployment that will respond to evolving customer needs, which span knowledge and management challenges across what have conventionally been disparate pieces of infrastructure. takes its partnering opportunity further by helping elevate water utilities to become a more integrated component of smart cities, involving both cross-platform data and information exchange and by leveraging its industry engagement through the Smart Cities Council.
Subscribe To Our Newsletter
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.
SUBSCRIBE!is a leading end-to-end Iosolutions provider, collecting and delivering data to advanced analytic tools to solve business and community-based issues, such as transportation, power, and water management, as well as safety and quality of life issues for customers worldwide. Fybr’s “ready to deploy” technology makes urban life easier for residents and visitors while making cities, universities and corporate campuses safer, more efficient, and sustainable.
Founded in 1998, and owning several M2parking sensing patents, we have been sensing activity in urban environments for almost two decades. With installations of every scale, we have encountered the numerous challenges urban environments create. Our latest generation of hardware and software solves many of those challenges to make sensing virtually anything – anywhere – a reality.
GLATZ
Mr. Glatz specializes in corporate and business development, operations, business strategy, accounting, finance and taxation. He has been responsible for all aspects of operations, administration and development with several global companies.
MISKELL
Vice President – Sales
Mr. Miskell first served his community in the military and law enforcement before beginning a distinguished career as a regional marketing manager with Prudential Financial Services. He brought his unique blend of skills and experience to our team in 2008.
JUSTICZ
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Justicz is the longest-serving member of our management team, overseeing all company accounting practices and leading financial strategy, planning and forecasting activities. He began his career as an analyst at Morgan Stanley before holding a variety of financial and senior management positions in public and private enterprises.
BECKER
Principal Platform Engineer
With extensive experience working on both consumer and military applications, Paul has over 25 years of experience designing and developing real-time embedded software, and the hardware systems on which they reside. His background integrating firmware, hardware and their control systems, combined with his extensive experience developing wireless communication protocols and hardware, provides a unique and valuable skill set to the team. Additionally, Paul holds multiple patents.
BERINGER
Chief Engineering Officer
Bret has extensive experience working the entire “design to production” lifecycle. He has worked with numerous companies to improve the product development lifecycle for both consumer and industrial products. His expertise covers hardware and firmware design as well as the supply chain and manufacturing process design to ensure a successful product launch. Many of his products are still on the market and in use after as many as 15 years from the original design effort.
GORDEN
Vice President Software Engineering
Linnell brings over 16 years experience as an information technology consultant and programmer. He has developed and supported applications for small medical practices, non-profit organizations and general businesses.