Skip to content
News
Careers
P: 330-963-5401
Primary Menu
Glass Fabrication Systems
Intercept
®
 Glass Spacer Fabrication
What is Intercept
®
?
Intercept
®
 Spacer Materials
Intercept
®
 Conversion
Intercept
®
 2.5
Intercept
®
 i-3
Glass Cutting Equipment
1600 Series
6000 Series: Automated Window Glass Cutting System
CleanCut
LamiCut
Washing
Stainless Steel Glass Washer
Water Purification Systems
Ovens
Oven & Roll Press
Extruders & Pumps
Smart i-3 Extruder Plus
SmartExtruder+
™
Hot Melt Pump
Assembly
ATLAS
®
 Glass Fabrication
Window Assembly Table
Grid & Muntin Fabrication Systems
InterGrid
®
ContourGrid
™
Two-Tone Material
RoboSeal
™
Material Handling
Free-Fall Glass Rack & Base
Glass Harp Carts
Carts
Roller & Caster Tables
Overhead Conveyor System
Muntin Assembly Station
Muntin Tree
Grid Assembly Rack
Window Fabrication Systems
Cutting Saws & Window Fabrication
Series
MN-14
Series
Series
SD-20
Series
DC-10 Series
Copy Routers & End Mills
Welding
SW-6000
SW-7000
Cleaning
RoboClean
®
Screen Frame Machine
Automated Systems
Series
RoboFlow™
Software Process Solutions
Software for Glass
WinIG
®
File Manager
Glass On Demand
Grid Manager
i-Sight
On Demand Printing
RemakeNow
®
Tempering Interface
WinFrame
Software for Vinyl
Lineal Optimizer
File Manager
WinLP
On Demand Printing
Inspection Station
i-Sight
WinTrax
™
Parts & Service
Types of Service
Service Contacts
Parts Ordering
Training
Local Information
Company
History
Key Messaging
Executive Management Team
Industry Compliance & Sustainability
Contact
Sales
Service
Window Equipment Manufacturing Company
Who we are
Integrated Solutions is the industry leading manufacturer of insulating glass, software and vinyl fabrication equipment. We provide process information throughout the factory floor through the direct connection of our equipment to our software. Based on our 40+ years of experience of supplying equipment to the window and door manufacturing industry, we are unique in that we can understand the data at the sensor, machine and system level.
What we do
GED’s culture is to develop integrated solutions for fenestration processes. We develop system software and machinery that integrates seamlessly into our customers’ and systems.
How we do it
We use robotics, automation and software to maximize customer success as they use equipment and technology to manufacture windows, doors, and insulating glass. Today we are gathering information from machinery for our customer to make optimized decisions with human intervention. In the future, we envision providing information for the equipment/process to make decisions automatically.
Why we do it
At we hold customer experience and success to the highest of importance. The end result of our work — seeing safe, quality, energy-efficient windows, doors and insulating glass in a consumer’s home — is how we measure our ability to make a difference in the way people live. Through our quality lines of equipment, our parts and integrating software programs we are proud to contribute to the success of how our customers produce quality products that consumers can trust to deliver long-lasting use.
Customized to fit every need
has the expertise and industry experience to create custom-designed machinery and fabrication equipment, as well as software solutions, for your business. 
Contact us
 today to find out how we can meet your specific requirements.
Glass Fabrication Systems
Window Fabrication Systems
Software Process Solutions
Parts & Service
Company
Contact
News
Careers
Contact Us
330-963-5401
Glass Fabrication Systems
Window Fabrication Systems
Software Process Solutions
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Policy
 | 
Email Privacy Policy– The Innovation Leader of the Global Window & Door Fenestration Industry
Assembly bay at first Twinsburg facility
Unit assembly
From its humble beginning on a back porch in 1977, Integrated Solutions has moved to its current rank as the state-of-the-art contributor to the glass industry through the determination of its co-founders, Dick Dietrich and Edmund Leopold.  Having staked their claim in the North American residential window industry, the two provided window and door fabricators with technologies that increase productivity, reduce insulating glass unit costs, and improve quality.
In 1977, during our first year of operation, introduced the first Horizontal Hot Melt Fabrication equipment, making possible the first high-volume Line.  The equipment allowed a fabricator to produce over 2000 units per eight-hour shift.  In 1987, brought to market the first Break-Out Monitors for sorting cut glass into movable slot sorting racks. This innovation opened the market for computer-controlled glass cutting, increasing control and decreasing scrap. Soon afterward, the WinSystem 1 software platform completed the integration of the department ensuring better output and organization of production.  Technological advances such as these caused Industries, Inc. (now Vitro) to turn to as its manufacturing partner to bring you the revolutionary Intercept® Spacer System.
Engineering Department
Through continuous improvement initiatives combined with a cellular manufacturing approach, has become the most efficient equipment manufacturer in the window and door industry.  continued innovations with the introduction of numerous award-winning products in the new millennium including the Smart Extruder, Laminated Glass Cutter, two-tone muntin material, a completely new glass washer and water treatment system and the revolutionary i-3 technology platform.  In 2004, greatly expanded its reach with the acquisition of Sampson Automation to create Integrated Solutions.  We are now the only complete for the window and door marketplace.  The i-3 system is truly world class manufacturing.
History of “Firsts” & Achievements
1977
First horizontal hot melt fabrication line and the first high volume equipment — for over 2000 units per 8-hour shift.
1978
First folding locking corner key for use with patented Linear™ extrusion methods and Linear Extruders.
1979
First to assemble more than one unit at a time with its automatic horizontal assembly table.
1980
First Cutting Table and Single Side Loader for single strength glass in sizes up to 102″ x 130″ — for residential window manufacturers.
1981
1985
1987
First to have “Break-Out Monitor” for sorting cut glass into sorting racks after break-out.
1988
First integrated software system for residential vinyl and aluminum window manufacturing.
1991
Introduction of Intercept® Warm Edge Spacer System for production of spacers.
1997
InterGrid® System , the first computer controlled Roll Forming Muntin Machine.
1999
1999 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine for Production/Glazing” for InterGrid® System.
2000
Introduction of the Smart Linear Extruder, allowing accurate, no waste application of spacer sealants.
2001
2001 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine Glass/Glazing” for Smart Extruder.
2002
Introduction of LeanNET® family of software process solutions; Introduction of new design; fully compatible Stainless Steel Glass Washing System .
2003
2003 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Glazing Technology” for Two-Tone Muntin Material .
2004
2004 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine” for CD-8000 Sash Processor i-3 technology platform creates a seamless, lean manufacturing system for window and door production.
Introduction of the automated welding and cleaning system, capable of producing three frames every two minutes with one operator.
2005
2005 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine” — Production/Glazing for Intercept i-3 Spacer Frame System (includes Smart Extruder, Oven Press and CleanCut Glass Cutting & Edge Deletion).
2006
announces the addition of an expanded customer service center to its Twinsburg, Ohio headquarters facility.  The expanded customer service center is the only dedicated training and technical center in the window and door industry.
2007
2008
2008 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine” — Frame, Sash or Door Fabrication — i-3 SmartLoad Welding System — Unprecedented productivity with 400+ cycles per shift.
2009
introduces new and revolutionary ColorTRU® — Advanced Profile Coloration System — The most cost effective and production friendly alternative to painting and laminating.
2010
2010 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine” — Frame, Sash or Door Fabrication — GED’s ColorTRU® Advanced Profile Coloration System.
2011
introduces new Automated Tri-Lite Assembly System (ATLAS®) — Adaptive to unique unit combinations (both duals and triples), the produces triple IGUs in 20 second cycle times.
Automated Tri-Lite Assembly System (ATLAS®) Wins “Best of Show” at GlassBuild America 2011 in Atlanta, Georgia.
2012
2012 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine” — Glass/Processing — GED’s Automated Tri-Lite Assembly System (ATLAS®).
2014
2014 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine — Frame, Sash or Door Fabrication” — RoboClean® (RC-2000) Twin-Head Robotic Vinyl Corner Cleaning System.
2016
Presented with the 2016 “Most Innovative Solution” Award by Robotics for GED’s RoboClean® (RC-2000) Twin-Head Robotic Vinyl Corner Cleaning System.
2016 Crystal Achievement Award — “Most Innovative Machine” — Intercept® 2.5 Warm Edge Spacer Technology System.
2017
relocates to a newly-constructed facility in the Village of Glenwillow, Ohio.  The expanded machine floor and Customer Experience Center create a new window of opportunity for the growth of the company.
2018
launches re-designed website, featuring revised branding and color theme, mobile-responsive layout, restructured navigation, updated photos and more!Key Messaging
The driving forces behind our company's success, and the success of our customers
is the progressive system solutions provider to the global window and door industry.  We are committed to partnering with our customers to provide innovative solutions aimed at increasing their product quality, expanding their operational capacity, and significantly reducing their overall manufacturing costs.
Core Values
Supporting our company are core values that drive everyday operations.  They provide the foundation onto which we have built, and continue to build, our growth initiatives, strategic plans, and from which we carry out  daily tasks.
promotes the following values as we work with our associates, customers, suppliers and community.  We strive to achieve business excellence through our commitment to:
Customer Focus: We will enhance customer profitability through on-time delivery of reliable high performance products and exceptional services.
Associate Focus: We will challenge our associates to blend personal growth and company excellence through education and training in a progressive environment, utilizing the latest technologies.
Financial Focus: We will maximize our ability to grow, reinvest in our company, and provide a sound return to our shareholders.
Daily Focus
With a daily commitment in improving our performance to achieve business excellence, we believe our core values can be achieved through a focus on the following:
Integrity: We expect all associates to act with the highest ethical standards, ensuring that our products and services will be of the highest quality.
Respect: We recognize that our associates are the cornerstone for our success. We believe in treating everyone with fairness, dignity, and respect.
Leadership: We encourage leadership through empowering our associates to share knowledge and reward extraordinary individual and team effort.
Teamwork: We realize in order to be a successful company we must recognize our interdependence and communicate openly and honestly in order to meet the changing needs of our customers.
Innovation: We use innovation as our key to exceeding customer expectations and sustaining our growth and profitability.
Quality-Driven
The goal of is to supply its customers with consistent quality, highly reliable, and cost-effective products and services.  To accomplish this, we advocate the following quality values:
Prevention: Promote systems that will cause quality.
Empowerment: The management team stresses a positive work environment that encourages associate involvement and a total teamwork concept.
Customer Focus: Provide superior product quality, timely delivery, value, and exceptional service.
Kaizen: Pursuing a relentless team approach of improving our utilization of associates, materials, processes, machinery, and suppliers in becoming the most efficient producer in our industry.