About GM
We envision a future of zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, and we have committed ourselves to leading the way toward this future.
has been pushing the limits of transportation and technology for over 100 years. Today, we are in the midst of a transportation revolution. And we have the ambition, the talent and the technology to realize the safer, better and more sustainable world we want.
As an open, inclusive company, we’re also creating an environment where everyone feels welcomed and valued for who they are. One team, where all ideas are considered and heard, where everyone can contribute to their fullest potential, with a culture based in respect, integrity, accountability and equality.
Our team brings wide-ranging perspectives and experiences to solving the complex transportation challenges of today and tomorrow.
Headquartered in Detroit, Michigan, is:
Over 180,000 people
Serving 5 continents
Speaking 70 languages
At Motors, innovation is our north star. As the first automotive company to mass-produce an affordable electric car, and the first to develop an electric starter and air bags, has always pushed the limits of engineering.
is the only company with a fully integrated solution to produce self-driving vehicles at scale.
We have committed to launch at least 20 new all-electric vehicles by 2023.
 2.6 billion miles have been driven by drivers of five electrified models, including the Chevrolet Bolt EV.
Our future depends on responsible stewardship of the earth, and we continually seek creative and innovative solutions for the environment. Our policies and technologies promote a cleaner planet from supply chain to manufacturing to the vehicles we put on the road.
Across 14 recent new-vehicle launches, we’ve trimmed an average of 357 pounds per vehicle, saving 35 million gallons of gasoline and avoiding 312,000 metric tons of CO2 emissions per year.
Today, our vehicle manufacturing process has the lowest environmental footprint in our history, thanks to steady progress toward achieving our 2020 operational commitments to reduce energy, carbon, water and waste intensity.
We are Motors. We transformed how the world moved through the last century. And we’re determined to do it again as we redefine mobility to serve our customers and shareholders and solve societal challenges.
SITE
("SITE") SITE, SITE,     CONDITIONS, SITE.
MATERIALS: As a convenience to you, may provide on this Site links to Web sites (the "linked sites") that are operated by other entities. The linked sites are not under the control of and is not responsible for the content of any     linked site or any link contained in a linked site. reserves the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time. does not endorse companies or products to which it links and reserves the right to note as such on its Web pages. If     you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements.
LAWS: This Site is controlled by from its offices within the United States of America. makes no representation that information in this Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to this Site from     countries or territories where the Site's content is illegal is prohibited. If you access this Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local laws. These Terms     and Conditions of use are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
GENERAL: reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms and Conditions, in whole or in part, at any time. Changes will be effective when notice of such change is posted. Your continued use of     the Site after any changes are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes. You should visit this page from time to time to review the then-current Terms and Conditions because they are binding on you.
ADVICE, OPINION,     OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT, MEMORANDUM, RIGHT, DISCRETION,     NOTICE.
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, (INCLUDING, LIMITATION, PROFITS, INTERRUPTION,     SYSTEM) OF, USE, CONTENT, MATERIALS, SITE, DAMAGES.
This website may include forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations about possible future events and thus are inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ materially from forward-looking statements due to a variety     of factors, including: (1) our ability to deliver new products, services and experiences that attract new, and are desired by existing, customers and to effectively compete in autonomous, ride-sharing and transportation as a service; (2) sales of     crossovers, SUVs and full-size pick-up trucks; (3) our ability to reduce the costs associated with the manufacture and sale of electric vehicles; (4) the volatility of global sales and operations; (5) our significant business in China which subjects     us to unique operational, competitive and regulatory risks; (6) our joint ventures, which we cannot operate solely for our benefit and over which we may have limited control; (7) changes in government leadership and laws (including tax laws), economic     tensions between governments and changes in international trade policies, new barriers to entry and changes to or withdrawals from free trade agreements, changes in foreign exchange rates, economic downturns in foreign countries, differing local product     preferences and product requirements, compliance with and foreign countries' export controls and economic sanctions, differing labor regulations and difficulties in obtaining financing in foreign countries; (8) our dependence on our manufacturing     facilities; (9) the ability of suppliers to deliver parts, systems and components without disruption and on schedule; (10) prices of raw materials; (11) our highly competitive industry; (12) the possibility that competitors may independently develop     products and services similar to ours despite our intellectual property rights; (13) security breaches and other disruptions to our vehicles, information technology networks and systems; (14) compliance with laws and regulations applicable to our     industry, including those regarding fuel economy and emissions; (15) costs and risks associated with litigation and government investigations; (16) compliance with the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement; (17) the cost and effect on our reputation     of product safety recalls and alleged defects in products and services; (18) our ability to successfully and cost-efficiently restructure operations in various countries with minimal disruption; (19) our ability to realize production efficiencies     and to achieve reductions in costs; (20) our ability to develop captive financing capability through Financial; and (21) significant increases in pension expense or projected pension contributions. further list and description of these risks,     uncertainties and other factors can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. cautions readers not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. undertakes no     obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements.
Share On