rated #1 by the mainstream chemical industry
We develop commercial biobased processes to make widely-used chemicals that enable better, more sustainable everyday products . That enables our partners and leading brands to offer better food packaging, auto parts, clothing, tires, carpets, and more.
We’ve commercialized processes for bio-(for plastics) and for biobased butylene glycol (for cosmetics); and our technology drives the world’s first commercial-scale biobased plant for a major intermediate chemical. We’re working on polyamide intermediates (nylon) and on butadiene (tires); and we’re helping numerous companies with their bioprocesses. We have more on the way.
We give licensees and engineering firms everything they need to build and operate commercial plants successfully. That includes our engineered microorganisms, Process Design Packages and technical services for their plants to startup smoothly, work reliably and deliver on performance guarantees .
Our technology leadership begins with our foundation in computation and modeling, and combines bioprocess and microorganism design with production economics and technology transfer in a total solutions approach. Our ability to “program biology” keeps getting better, and includes an alliance with Ginkgo Bioworks that leverages their automated foundries to accelerate construction of our strain designs. Our intellectual property includes almost 700 patents and applications. We have earned widespread acclaim for our achievements.
with Better Performance
Hundreds of millions of compostable carrier bags use Novamont’s MATER-Bi®, made from Genomatica’s bio-BDO
with Better Performance
Bio-Botanica extracts for personal care and cosmetics products are made with Genomatica’s sustainably-produced Brontide™ butylene glycol
with Better Performance
Compostable plastic packaging uses Novamont’s MATER-Bi®, made from Genomatica’s bio-BDO
Lavazza’s compostable coffee capsules use Novamont's MATER-Bi®, made from Genomatica’s bio-BDO
with Better Performance
High-performance clothing made by Far Eastern New Century with Genomatica’s bio-BDO
Email *
© 2018