Subtotal$0.00
MISSION
To empower people with a bright, safe, connected, and sustainable future by delivering smart, portable power solutions designed for everyone, everywhere.
FOUNDER
WORKMAN
"My experience in life has taught me that whenever we try to do something significant, there will always be opposition. The beginnings of started by simply trying to do good, our vision was to help people out of poverty by teaching them how to build businesses — we wanted to empower them to lift themselves out of poverty.”
We ran into so many obstacles that one day turned my eyes heavenward and said, "give up. can't do this anymore." Almost immediately a thought came to me, "If not you, who? If not now, when?" That was profound, and it gave our team the courage to work through our problems. Our vision remained true, but we found that our methods had to adjust from what we thought would work, to what actually worked. We discovered that by creating basic tools that everyone needed and wanted, they could use those tools to create income opportunities within their community.
At Zero, our products are designed to lift the poorest of poor, and are still extremely relevant to the richest of rich. Think about that for a moment. If we have products that will really do that, those products are a great equalizer in lifting us all to a higher place. After all, we are all here on this earth together, having a human experience.
We can put reliable power into every human hand on this earth, without overwhelming our resources. There is enough for all — so, if not you, who? If not now, when?"
Robert Workman
Our History
"If not us, who? If not now, when?"
Robert Workman started Humanitarian (Teaching Individuals and Families Independence through Enterprise) after visiting the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), and witnessing first-hand the need for helping people out of poverty. His revelation, teach villagers how to run a sustainable business in their communities and empowering them to lift themselves out of poverty.
April 2008
Democratic Republic of the Congo
First portable solar power pack tested in — originally called GoBe, now the Yeti 150 — consisted of a battery, solar panel and light. This simple system brought light, safety and economic empowerment to villagers.
June 2009
New Beginning
launches as a business. Our mission: to empower people by putting reliable power in the hands of every human being, based on a mantra of Apathy, Boundaries, and Regrets.
February 2010
Haiti 7.0 Earthquake
Humanitarian partners in Haiti offer batteries and lights after the earthquake.
March 2011
Japan Earthquake and Tsunami
donated hundred of lighting kits and solar panels to families in Japan who were without power as a result of the earthquate and tsunami.
November 2012
Hurricane Sandy
With the launch of the "Buy One, Give One" campaign, Nation sent 9 employees and almost $600,000 worth of portable power, solar panels and lights to those living in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. begins an ongoing partnership with Team Rubicon , powering their communications during relief deployments.
July 2013
Share the Sun Launches
Share the Sun, Zero's humanitarian program launches in online sales, giving Nation the power to change lives by donating sun shares to projects of their choice.
Learn more at ShareTheSun
Typoon Haiyan Relief
Nation comes through again, donating $300,000 in power, lights and Barebones structures for victims of Typhoon Haiyan with Charity Vision and Team Rubicon.
begins new phase with acquistion by Energy
"Our mission is to put reliable power in the hands of every human on earth. Being part of NRG, a company that is similarly aligned, allows us to reach this in a much more powerful way. We exist to do good, to empower people everywhere," said Robert Workman, and founder of Zero.
Ghana - Powering Education
In April, 2015 we partnered with Tifie Humanitarian and Point Innovate and sent our employees with solar panels , lights and rechargers to the village of Kushea, Ghana, to power up a small technology center. The project will provide schoolchildren and villagers access to a better, brighter future.
Tanzania  - Rays of Light
Thanks to contributions by our ambassadors and other companies, we sent six select and employees to install over 1of solar power to the 13 beautiful children that call the Kilimanjaro Kids Comunity home and their caretakers. Sustainable power and light was brought to every building on the premises, along with a local church and a public school.
Nepal - Rays of Joy
group of Employees, Nepalese Sherpas, and Ambassadors Mike and Lilliana Libecki, accompanied representatives of Human Outreach Project to Nepal’s famed Khumbu Valley to distribute solar equipment, Dell Computers, a divvy water filtration system, and gifts to monasteries, schools and medical clinics.
Partners for Disaster Relief
Beginning in September, a series of catastrophic natural disasters struck many communities across the globe.
With the help of generous partners, we were able to distribute over $7 Million in power and light to these communities in need. From Texas to Puerto Rico, Mexico to the Virgin Islands, we've been able to bring light to communities left in darkness.
Management
isn't just a company, it's a business created by people who live life to its fullest
Inspired by passion for adventure, respect for the planet and a humanitarian heart. We may be a bit irreverent most days but we take our work and play seriously and are proud to provide the most innovative portable solar products on the market.
Bill Harmon
General Manager
Bill is the General Manager of Zero, an Energy company, and is responsible for the success and growth of the brand including product development, go-to-market strategy, and overall P&management.
Bill spent nearly two decades working in the energy business supporting energy extraction, trading, and generation before joining Reliant Energy in the competitive retail energy markets that launched in the early 2000s.  He is now passionate about freeing customers from the traditional boundaries of an outlet with emerging portable power products that meet their needs wherever life takes them, whether that is climbing a mountain, traveling through an airport, at work, or cheering for their kids from the sidelines of a soccer field.  Bill's team is focused on designing and delivering products that are superbly designed, intuitive to use, and durable.
Bill joined Reliant Energy in January 2003 before it was acquired by Prior to his current role, he held leadership roles in information technology, customer care, operations, product development, and P&management driving operational excellence, transformational projects, and financial results. Before joining Reliant, Bill spent ten years in management and information technology consulting. He served in progressive leadership roles at firms including Ernst & Young leading energy industry focused system integrations for Fortune 500 clients. Bill received a Bachelor's degree in Industrial Management & Computer Science from Purdue University's Krannert School of Management.
When Bill is not at work, he can be found enjoying the outdoors. He loves mountain biking and skiing, but can also be found camping with his family throughout the endless national and state parks in Utah.
Favorite Product: Yeti 3000
“It’s hard to pick, but have to go with the Yeti 3000. It’s currently backing up my home through the Yeti Home Integration Kit, but I’ll also be throwing it in my camper on the weekends through the summer as we head out to explore. love that it’s clean and silent so we don’t irritate our fellow campers and you just can’t beat the price and versatility with any back-up power option on the market."
Keyvan Vasefi
DEVELOPMENT
Keyvan is the Head of Product Development at Zero, managing the Engineering, Project Management, and Quality teams. He and his team are responsible for planning and delivering on the product roadmap, taking new ideas and innovations and helping make them a reality. With a great group of engineers, technicians, and project managers, the Product Development crew focuses on building a portfolio of products that allow us to achieve our mission of empowering people everywhere.
Keyvan started his career with a decade of work in server and network administration. He then graduated from Brigham Young University with a major in Electrical Engineering and minors in Computer Science and Mathematics, leading him to switch from to electrical design and development. He worked at both large corporations and small start-ups, expanding his experience in electrical, mechanical, software, and firmware design, engineering management, and project and product management. It all culminated in his work here at leading the full product development effort.
Outside of work, Keyvan enjoys spending time with his wife and three children (two girls, one boy), including doing Maker projects on the weekend and going boating in the summer. Like many at Zero, he enjoys outdoors activities such as camping, canyoneering, snowboarding, and mountain biking, but is truly a techie at heart. Since tinkering with gadgets and gizmos are his favorite hobbies, he really loves that his job is basically building and playing with high tech toys, a grown-up version of something he's done since he was a kid. Now though, the toys actually work and he takes them home to be used;
Favorite Products: The Flip Dock/Rechargers, Yeti 3000, and Boulder 200 Briefcase
“The Flip Dock and rechargers are used on a daily basis at the Vasefi home and the Yeti 3000 + Boulder 200 Briefcase most recently powered the needs of 18 people at our yearly family campout this past fall. They ran two refrigerators, a dozen or so lights and fans, and everyone’s photo-happy smartphones for over five days at the beautiful Flaming Gorge.”
Norm Krantz
INNOVATION
Norm is the Head of Product Innovation at Zero, an Energy company, and directs the conception of what our products should be and could become. Norm falls asleep at night with the hope that our customers love using our products. Prior to becoming one of the first employees, Norm worked designing electronic tools such as stud finders and laser levels and has also designed health equipment, such as treadmills, elliptical machines and even crafting tools to name a few.
At Zero, Norm is responsible for staying outdoors, testing our gear and making it better.  Being a scoutmaster gives him plenty of opportunity to do that. Born and raised in Hawaii, Norm's adventures have been set in some of the most scenic places on earth. Whether bombing through a bamboo jungle on his mountain bike, bodysurfing at "Sandys", backpacking Waimea Canyon, scaling waterfalls, surfing, or literally swinging from banyan tree vines into tropical pools, Norm loves the islands. Now living in Utah, Norm has added to his love of the outdoors with mountain biking and exploring nature with his family. Norm also loves building things in the shop with his three boys.
Norm’s friends tease him for frequently pointing out the “stupid” in the design of products he sees from light bulbs to toilets. To be fair, he does also say, “That’s awesome!” about products pretty often too.
Favorite Product: Crush Light
“really enjoy the challenge of trying to design something very clean and simple. As looked at this project, some of the possible solutions started to seem very complex but finally hitting that “aha” moment of the simple solution made it very gratifying. The Crush Light is great to illuminate a campsite, make a party more inviting, or be a beacon in an emergency. It’s fun to see people playing with the Crush Light even when they don’t actually need light. It is just a fun product. Opening it and “crushing” it feels cool. It has a neat, tactile feel to it, plus it’s a light!”
Patrick Keller
Head of Marketing & Ecommerce
Patrick is the Head of Marketing and Ecommerce at Zero, an Energy company, and oversees all aspects of the marketing division including: direct response marketing, creative services, ecommerce, social media and influencer marketing, and advertising, product marketing, and tradeshows and events.
Patrick has a long history of building brands and being a catalyst for growth in multi-channel organizations. He is passionate about and introducing the brand to a wide array of customers under the firm belief that products make lives brighter. Prior to Zero, Patrick held leadership roles at Sundance Catalog and Orvis.
Patrick was born in Salt Lake City and grew up fishing, hunting, skiing and climbing in the Wasatch and Uinta mountains. After leaving Utah to pursue career opportunities throughout the west, Patrick eventually ended up in Manchester Vermont where he met his wife. In 2013, Patrick and his wife moved back to Utah to raise their two boys in the mountains. The Keller family is outside whenever possible skiing, climbing, biking and fishing.
Favorite Product: Venture 30 and Yeti 1400
"love the Venture for river trips, skiing, backpacking, and hunting. It keeps phones, GPS, headlamps charged, keeps music playing, and runs my lights at camp. use the 1400 to big power needs like projects, running my smoker, tailgating at a Utes game or keeping the lights on and fridge cold when the power goes out."
Clint Eastman
Head of Customer Service & Sales Operations
Clint has been with since the Summer Outdoor Retailer Show in 2010 when the brand was launched into the outdoor market for the first time. Over the years, Clint has had a number of different roles across multiple departments, spending the majority of his time in the Sales Department. Recently, Clint has been focused on our customers' experience interacting with our brand, as the Director of Customer Service, Sales Ops, and Operations. His areas of responsibility include Solutions Center, Sales Support, Forecasting, Order Entry/Allocation, Factory Store, and our Warehouse Operations in the and EU.
When Clint is not working, he enjoys cheering on his teenage son in football, snuggling with his daughter, and wrestling with his toddler son. Clint golfs, snowboards and has been known to hit up the local movie theater to pass the time between football seasons.
Favorite Product: Torch 250
“love the Torch 250 because it tells the whole story. From the powered output to the lights, integrated solar panel and even the emergency crank, the Torch 250 is the perfect multi-tool of power. Every glove box and kitchen window seal should have a Torch 250 in it or on it.”
Scott Crowther
Head of Finance
Scott is responsible for the accounting and finance functions at Zero. He began his career with five years at Ernst & Young and nine years with a Fortune Global 500 mining company before joining in October 2016. Scott's expertise includes internal & external audit, risk management, and financial reporting. He is passionate about improving processes and identifying key drivers to inform critical business decisions, creating value for and its customers. Scott earned a Master of Accountancy from Brigham Young University’s Marriott School of Management.
Scott spends most of his time away from work with his family. As a father of four daughters, he is surrounded by Disney princesses, but also finds time to enjoy college football and basketball, running, and cooking anything he can on his pellet smoker.
Favorite Product: Yeti 1400
“There are so many products that love, but my favorite is the Yeti 1400. use it to power a playhouse in my backyard (lights, fans, TV, tablets), but its portability also allows me to watch outdoor movies with my family on our projector or run my pellet smoker or my wife’s hot chocolate maker on a campout.  All the while, it serves as a backup power supply for my home during power outages. When the power goes out, my daughters all get excited because ‘We get to use our stuff!’”
Adam Runquist
Head of Supply Chain
Adam leads the Supply Chain team at and is responsible for the operations side of the business, including manufacturing management, procurement, logistics, global demand planning, and domestic fulfillment.
Prior to his role at Zero, Adam has spent the majority of his career in the energy space with roles across renewables, grid technology, retail energy, and emerging technology verticals. He has held various leadership roles within parent company Energy since 2012, including time within the Texas retail business, small book M&team, and portable power business unit. Adam originally hails from Canada (eh), where he earned his Management from the University of Lethbridge.
When he’s not working, Adam is most likely to be found on a bike. He enjoys riding recreationally and regularly competes across cycling, mountain biking, and cyclocross disciplines.
Favorite Product: Venture 70
“The Venture 70 is my go-to product. It has integrated charging cables, handles moisture, and it’s a beast for keeping my phone & iPad charged on the road."
Jay Zynczak
COUNSEL
Jay is the General Counsel for and brings over 18 years of combined law firm and in-house experience structuring, negotiating, and executing transactions for public and private companies in the technology, consumer, media, and entertainment industries.
Prior to Zero, Jay was legal counsel for several technology startups in Utah. Earlier in his career, Jay practiced law in San Francisco, CA, specializing in intellectual property litigation. Jay received his Bachelor’s degree in Political Science from the University of Colorado and his Juris Doctorate from the University of San Francisco School of Law.
When he's not working, Jay enjoys mountain biking and road biking, skiing, and trying to keep up with his three young boys.
Favorite Product: Torch 250
"It's perfect for both camping and emergencies."
Crystal DeGreef
Head of Human Resource
Crystal currently heads up the Human Resources efforts for in addition to providing support for areas within NRG’s Retail Team. She has a diverse educational and professional background and is a proud graduate of the University of Utah with a degree in Urban Planning.  In her former life, Crystal owned and ran small businesses that specialized in pet care.
Crystal is the proud mom of two amazing girls and an awkward dog. Having lived in Utah all her life, she loves the outdoors, particularly camping with her family and friends. She can’t live without coffee or sushi and enjoys volunteering, wine tasting, singing, biking and cheering on her daughters at their many activities. Don’t let her friendly smile fool you, Crystal is a highly competitive bowler and has been involved in the sport since she was 5 years old.
Favorite Product: Venture 30
“My favorite product is the Venture 30 because it’s small enough to keep in your pocket, but carries enough power to charge multiple devices.”
Shop
Find a Store