Household Recycle your consumer with The Big Box.  Simply select the number of boxes you want to purchase below. AVAILABLE!
$ 63.00
The Easy Way to Recycle your and Electronics
The Big is a nationwide program that offers companies, consumers, and other generators an easy, low cost way to recycle their and electronics.
Each Big includes the costs of all shipping, handling and all recycling fees for a one low flat rate ( starting at just $63.00 ).
The Big is shipped to your home or office completely constructed. Simply place your used into the box, and when full, ship your back to our permitted recycling facility (at no additional charge).
All costs of recycling and shipping are included in the price of the Big Box. We also email you a Certificate of Acceptance & Recycling for your records, so you can document just how many you've kept out of the landfill.
Battery Recycling Technology
While our Big collection program has been designed to be as simple as possible, the recycling technology that forms the bedrock of our program is considered to be among the most sophisticated and technologically advanced in the world.
Safely Packaging your It is critical to package all and electronic devices properly to ensure safe storage and shipping. For that reason, every comes with a set of instructions that explains how to safely package your and electronics, as well as stay compliant with all shipping regulations.
Recycle your consumer with The Big Box.  Simply select the number of boxes you want to purchase below. AVAILABLE!
$ 63.00
Thank you for signing up!Buy It, Fill It, Ship It.  That's It!
With the Big Box, it is no longer necessary to pay large fees to waste management companies, fill out complicated paperwork, or look tirelessly around your city or county for a responsible drop-off location. Thanks to the Big Box, it is now easy to do the right thing with your used and portable electronics!
Using the Big is as simple as a three-step process:
- Once purchased, the Big will be shipped to your home, office or business, completely assembled and ready to be set in any location of your choosing.
- Your Big comes with a set of plastic bags. As and other electronic devices are used up, simply place the individual items in a separate bag and set them inside the (bags prevent unintentional discharges or short circuits).
- Once your Big is full, or a year has passed since placing the first item into the Box, just drop it off at your local FedEx location, or call 1-800-Go-FedEx to have your picked up from your home or place of business, free of charge.
THAT’IT! The Big is specifically designed to be a simple, convenient process for you to recycle your and electronics.  
US
If you have any additional questions, don’t hesitate to contact us at 1-877-461-2345 or email us at  info@biggreenbox.com .
Household Recycle your consumer with The Big Box.  Simply select the number of boxes you want to purchase below. AVAILABLE!
$ 63.00
Thank you for signing up!