is developing novel technology to produce clean energy, purified water and other vital resources with genetically modified microalgae strains and unique photobioreactor systems.
Our systems generate electrical and thermal for homes and buildings.
WATER
Our algae strains are capable of cleansing waste water of pollutants and toxins.
BIOMASS
We yield significant quantities of biomass which can be utilized in multiple ways.
Natural Sustainability.
Energy's technology is centered on the concept of using biological processes to address humanity's resource needs of power and water. Verde enables biomass to be grown and combusted to create energy, while Hydral yields electricity and purified water through hydrogen fuel cells, both operating with absolutely no carbon emissions.
Organic Innovations.
Algae biotechnology is an exciting, emerging field of research. Grow's bioreactor and light utilization products make it easy for researchers and organizations to test concepts in the areas of biofuel, bioconcentration, and even space habitat design. Our components are available to order direct through GrowTech, or contact us for custom solutions for your business.
Food for the Future.
At our core, Energy's technology is the most efficient in producing algal biomass in quantity and concentration. Biomass has many applications including production, animal feed, and various industrial manufacturing elements. Algal biomass can even be important for human health, such as Chlorella microalgae which is sold in many popular health food stores.
Join The Revolution
Register to receive periodic emails, updates and more from us.
Join the Revolution »
By providing your name and email address, you hereby agree to our Privacy Policy.
We promise not to share your information with anyone or any organization without your prior consent.
About Us
was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.About Energy.
has gathered a group of young innovators and industry leaders in the algae, hydrogen and combustion industries. Its members have experience in project management, contracting, finance, legal, environmental engineering, systems development, public policy, and marketing.
Our Management Team
David Sesi
Marketing
Nick Durslag
Operations
Ethan Dinetz
Finance
Contact Us
We'd love to hear from you, whether you want to partner up or just want to say hi! Just fill out the form below and one of our awesome team members will get back to you. We love getting email all day every day.
Submit
About Us
was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.Copyrights
Copyright 2012-2013 Energy, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on Energy, Inc. internet sites are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted. Some Energy, Inc. internet sites also contain material that is subject to the copyright rights of their providers.
Prices & Estimates
All prices specified are recommended retail prices. Prices are current at the time of publication and subject to change without notice.
Trademarks
Unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on Energy, Inc. internet sites are subject to the trademark rights of Energy, Inc., including, but not limited to, model name plates and corporate logos and emblems.
No Licenses
Energy, Inc. strives to achieve innovative and informative internet sites. Energy, Inc. hopes that you will be as enthusiastic as we are about this creative effort. However, Energy, Inc. must protect its intellectual property, including its patents, trademarks and copyrights. Accordingly, please be on notice that neither these internet sites, nor any material contained therein shall in any way grant or be taken to grant any person a license to Energy, Inc.'s intellectual property.
Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Internet pages, investor relations releases, outlooks, presentations, audio and video files of events (live or recorded) and other documents on these internet sites contain among other things forward-looking statements that reflect management's current views with respect to future events. The words “anticipate”, “assume”, “believe”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “plan”, “project” and “should” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to: changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and in raw material prices; introduction of competing products; increased sales incentives; and decline in resale prices of used vehicles.
Human Rights Policy
is committed to ensuring that its suppliers do not use slave labor or engage in human trafficking. Respect for human rights and freedom is a fundamental principle, and one that both employees and suppliers are expected to honor.
does not, and will not, tolerate the use of slave labor in the manufacture of its products and does not, and will not, accept products or services from suppliers that engage in human trafficking in any form. Human trafficking and slavery are crimes under state, federal and international law. These crimes exist in countries throughout the world.
will directly do the following to ensure compliance by its suppliers with this policy:
Evaluate its supply chain to address risks of human trafficking and slavery;
Audit suppliers, as needed, to evaluate supplier compliance with Grow’s Human Rights Policy;
Require direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into products comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business;
Discipline employees or contractors, including potential termination of employment, who fail to meet Grow’s Human Rights Policy;
Train certain employees regarding human trafficking and slavery, particularly with respect to mitigating risks within the Grow’s supply chain;
Investigate, in a prompt and thorough fashion, any claims or indications that a supplier is engaging in human trafficking or slave labor; and
Transition away from purchasing goods or services from any supplier that is found to be engaging in human trafficking or using slave labor if such supplier does not correct this behavior in a reasonable period of time.
REPRESENTATIONS
Energy, Inc. "IS" LAW, KIND, IMPLIED, MERCHANTABILITY, PURPOSE, ACCURATE, INACCURACIES.
Energy, Inc. Energy, Inc. CONVENIENCE, Energy, Inc. SITE.
Privacy Policy
We want you to get the most out of our Inc. site. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use our web services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
Data Collection
collects limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. Examples of this type of data are: the name of your Internet service provider, the site that referred you to us, any pages you request, and the time and date of those requests, etc.
There are instances where requests personally identifiable information to provide site visitors with a service. This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, and type of request, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the request, as determined by Inc, to fulfill your needs.
For some services, we may request credit card or other payment information. maintains this information in encrypted form on secure servers.
Cookies
may send your browser a “cookie” that uniquely identifies your browser. Your browser will store the cookie as a string of characters that will be sent back to our website to improve the user experience of our website. Many websites will not work without the use of cookies. It is possible to set your browser to reject cookies, but be aware that some web services or features of our site may not function properly.
Information Gathering
Personally identifiable Information collected on our website is never provided or sold to any other company for that company's independent use without your consent.
However, we may share such information in any of the following circumstances:
We have your consent.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Energy, its users or the public.
may choose to process and store personal information at any of our facilities in the United States or any other country in which or its agents have facilities. By providing your information, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities.
In the event of a change of ownership of Inc, such as a merger or acquisition with another company, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information becomes subject to a privacy policy not in compliance with this policy.
We may share aggregated information without personally identifying information, such as the number of hits on a page, with other entities.
Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Links
Our site may link to other company sites. When you follow a link for our site, we advise you to check the privacy statements of any site before providing any personally identifiable information.
Changes To This Policy
Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We do not intend to make any major revisions, but the new policy will be available on the website 7 days before it takes effect.
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us any time at privacy@growenergy.org .
About Us
was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.is a pioneer in the creation of structural bioreactors and self-sustaining, localized production systems - the only systems in the world that clean the air while generating electricity. Our Verde system is designed for existing buildings and homes, utilizing a safe and minimally-invasive combustion process to create electricity. Hydral is being developed for high-density properties and new developments, and eventually individual homes and smaller buildings, as hydrogen fuel-cell technology becomes cheaper and more widely used.
Announces Hydral
announced today that it is developing a new generation of energy-production systems which utilize algae to produce clean electricity, in a process that naturally cleans the air by consuming carbon dioxide.  The company seeks to introduce a new low-cost alternative to other renewable technology, with the world's first renewable power solution that cleanses the environment of existing pollutants.
About Us
was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.Company
Research
Biomass
Hydral
Verde
Home
About
Management
Contact
Partners
Press Room
Investors
Company Information
Our Partners
We're created strategic alliances with industry leaders & visionaries who share our passion for creating a modern & fully self-sustainable future for development and everyday living - a responsibly-built world that will reverse global warming, and .  Together, we work to develop and deliver the unique organic technology that powers products, the technology that will power the future of our civilization.
Ore Design + Technology
Ore was founded by Brooklyn-based designer Thomas Kosbau in 2009 with the philosophy that creative potentials in current scientific research and the natural world can be synthesized into architectural and industrial design solutions. Our current projects range from the DeKalb Market, a pop-up retail concept constructed of salvaged shipping containers, to the Riverpark Farm, New York City's first portable rooftop farm, to a bio-mimetic cactus that harvests drinking water from the air.
San Diego State University Zahn Center
The Zahn Center for Technological Innovation is an incubator that supports San Diego State University innovators and aspiring entrepreneurs—students, faculty and staff from any department on campus—as they transform their ideas into companies. The Zahn Center works in conjunction with SDSU’s College of Business Administration and Lavin Entrepreneurship Center to provide mentorship, business acumen, engineering services, and community connections needed to help start-ups develop new products and launch new businesses.
About Us
was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
Learn More
Our Products
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
The Verde System
The Hydral System
Biomass Production
Our Research
Our Cause
Through the Let's Foundation, our company works to preserve natural habitats and build artificial rain forests that help keep our atmosphere's composition in balance.  We also promote sustainable development & renewable aid in developing regions.
Visit Let's Donate
Follow Us On:
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Investors
Press
Partners
Legalis changing the industry.
The world today is powered by innovation, yet despite how much our society has advanced, our infrastructure has remained stagnant.  The world’s needs and dependency on reliable yet polluting resources, such as coal and fossil fuels, has driven our planet to the edge of ecological disaster.  Amazingly enough, despite the undeniable signs of our planet’s deterioration, there are forces that try to repel alternative solutions.  And unfortunately, the leaders in alternative energy, such as solar and wind technologies, are still harmful to the environment to manufacture.
uses proprietary technology, world-class design and state-of-the-art manufacturing processes to create a new method of generating electricity with photo-bioreactors.  We utilize an innovative distribution model driven by revenue-share agreements with our customers.  This approach allows us to maintain the highest levels of customer experience and benefit, where clients enjoy virtually free electricity for their properties.  We believe our operational infrastructure provides us with a competitive advantage compared to traditional utilities and alternative companies.
We plan to debut our first model, Verde, in 2014.  Hydral, our hydrogen-based structural system for high density properties, is planned for release in 2015.
Request Investor Information
Interested in Energy?  We'll happily send you more information, just enter your email address below.
Submit
was founded in 2011 as one of the few start-up companies experimenting with algal bioenergy. Since its inception, the company has developed photobioreactor systems, a unique light-dilution method, and two distinctive resource production products for homes & businesses.
We've designed bioreactors, light collectors, and other components, plus a clean combustion system called Verde, and a hydrogen-producing system called Hydral.
Disclaimer Notice:
This website may contain forward looking statements and performance estimates.  Such information is based upon various experiments and assumptions Energy's management have made and believe to be reasonable. It must be recognized, however, that such information is subject to a degree of uncertainty, and therefore estimations, predictions, and statements made on this website are not guaranteed to be accurate at the time of product release.
© 2013 Energy, Inc.  All rights reserved.