News
Experienced industry executive Keith Rose joins Solar. More details here.
The Easiest Commercial Inverter Install in the Industry
See Power World's Kathie Zipp Give our TrueString a Try
Faster, Easier, Better – Tomorrow’s Technology Today
The 3-Phase digital inverter
Innovative, patented technology gives
208or 480models of
3-phase inverter
TrueString inverter - each string separately managed,  means different lengths for each string ok
Easy to lay out even awkward roofs - move across a roof filling all available spaces as you go
Easy to reconfigure design later as project parameters change
One size fits all - 8k(480V) and 5.75k(208V) make it easy to fill up all available space on a roof
Desert Installs
NEMA6 enclosure, no fans or filters, no electrolytic capacitors
Great for problem installs where space is an issue, noise level is an issue, or the inverter needs to be invisible
Ideal for salt air, high altitude and desert environments
Perfect for under-array mounting, carports, and tracker systems where you want no wiring in the mud
is so Yesterday
No conduit  runs
Plug and play design
Array installation crew can do all but home runs
output at the array meets Rapid-Shutdown requirements
Connectors are certified disconnects
Get more out of your array for longer
Accommodate East-West and less then ideal array layouts with ease
Deliver peak power for the life of the system
User Benefits
Silent operation
Maintenance free
Cooperative Community Energy,
San Rafael, California
8k- 24 lb. and no bigger than a briefcase
Carry it up a ladder and across a roof by yourself
Easy to handle
High 98.6% efficiency
Unmatched power density
Powerline communication runs through the cabling
Connects to Gateway, up to 200 inverters
Touch screen control for easy control and viewing on site
View it later on your smart phone or computer
Remote command and control for easy operation
Connectors are certified disconnects
Plug and play design allows for easy installation and replacement if needed
Array installation crew can do all but home runs
Sarasota, Florida
Commercial Solved
Maximum harvest with 98.6% peak efficiency and single string for best harvest
Per-string monitoring granularity helps fast isolation of issues
No maintenance - no fans, filters, displays to wear out
No cranes required
Solve in a single visit
Plug & play disconnects do not require an electrician to perform unit swaps
© Solar, 2017Products
480TrueString String Inverter
208TrueString String Inverter
Gateway
Splice
Mounting
Features
Installs
Rooftop
Carport
Ground Mount
Tracker
Gateway Mounting
Resources
Support
Contact Support
FAQs - Compliance
FAQs - Inverter
FAQs - GW
Company
Contact Us
News
Executive Team
Log-In
Company
Contact
News
Executive Team
Sales
Keith Rose
of Sales
(732) 690-9062
Joe Ross
Eastern Regional Sales Manager
(978) 835-4995
Brian Riccitelli
Mid Atlantic  Regional Sales Manager
(908) 229-5600
Support
Support Hours
Support is available Monday to Friday, 7am-5pm, PST
Contact
e-mail: 
Phone: (408) 239-4(408-239-4447)
ProHarvest Support
For support on OutBack Power's ProHarvest products, contact them directly 
here
.
Richard Scott
Director of Customer Support
Demitrius Thompson
Technical Support Technician
Contact Us
Solar, Inc.
2030 Duane Avenue, Suite 101
Santa Clara, 95054
Office: (408) 970-9580
Fax: (408) 753-2973
Name:
Enter Name
Email:
Enter Email
Submitting Form...
The server encountered an error.
Form received.
Submit
Message:
Enter Your Message
Work Phone (optional):
Enter Phone Number
About Us
innovates in the area of power and renewable energy.
Founded in 2009, the company draws on decades of industry experience in high-tech, with a veteran team from the precision communications test and measurement field. With a successful track record of bringing leading-edge products to market, we use a systematic approach to reliability and user-focused design. We are privately held and based in Silicon Valley, a world center for innovation.
Events
Check back to see upcoming events.
Contact Us
Sales
Team
Mobile Site
The Only 3-Phase String Inverter Designed Specifically for Rooftops
© Solar, 2017
News
Events
About UsChief Executive Officer
Rob has over seventeen years of operational experience in the automotive industry, and a further nine years in solar. Three and a half of those were spent at Enphase Energy where he was the Senior Director of Global Manufacturing, overseeing a significant expansion in production volumes. He has worked for United Technologies, Daimler, Chrysler and General Motors. He has international experience having worked in Asia, Mexico, Spain, Germany and the U.K.. Rob has an undergraduate degree in Engineering and an from the University of Chicago; he is also a Six Sigma certified Master Black Belt (MBB).
Andre Willis
Founder and CTO
His 30 years of product development work has resulted in numerous technology patents in the United States, Germany, Europe, and Japan. Most recently, Andre worked at SyntheSys Research, a Menlo Park, signal integrity test equipment company, where he was Chief Scientist. He was Vice President of System Development at Guzik Technical Enterprises in Mountain View, CA, and held similar positions at Electrotest Engineering and Test Systems in Germany. He graduated from Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (Fizteh) with a Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering and Applied Physics.
Clint Fincher
Principal Engineer and Co-Founder
Clint's skills in the areas of embedded system design, and design, and his proficiencies in various computer languages enable him to contribute to hardware and software product design at the highest levels. Clint's recent experience at SyntheSys Research in Menlo Park, as Senior Engineer has resulted in several patents. Previously, Clint worked at Ampex Data Systems in Redwood City, as a design engineer, and at Audicon Design Laboratories. He graduated with honors from Texas A&University, where he was an Engineering Scholar.
Keith Rose
Vice President of Sales
Keith is a renewable and industry veteran with extensive international experience. He has worked in a number of leadership roles. Most notably he was an executive at technology provider Solmetric, which was acquired by Vivint in 2014. At Vivint, Keith was in charge of launching Vivint's C&division.  He received an from Fordham Business School, and holds degrees in Chemical Engineering and Economics.
© Solar, 2017