brings brilliance to life through leading innovation in smart mobile device and experience design. Beginning with a vision to put a personal computer in the palm of our customers' hands, we have led the way in the evolution from palm to smartphone.
The Pursuit of Brilliance is at the heart of everything we do, inspiring best-in-class design and game-changing mobile experiences for consumers around the world. At HTC, the Pursuit of Brilliance is the impulse to create, to venture into the unknown with an unwavering dedication to bring innovative design to life. It pushes us everyday to re-imagine new ways to connect the world, our consumers, and their pursuits in ways never before thought possible.
An Unending Curiosity ____
At HTC, we go where others haven't thought to. Breaking down barriers and creating industry firsts is a large part of our history, which is why has become synonymous with innovation, engineering breakthroughs, and designing the future of human communications as we continue to expand into uncharted product territories.
An Unyielding Resilience ____
Strong character is at our core. Award-winning vision requires taking risks and challenging convention. From the very beginning, resilience has been at the heart of our creative spirit. To this day, we stay committed to our pursuit, believing that the greatest ideas transcend temporary recognition: they influence behavior, shape lives, and inspire new thinking.
Refined Approach ____
We hold our ideas and our products to a higher set of standards. That is why we design for performance over popularity – and our partners have taken notice. Other industry leaders come to us because they understand that we create great products with an eye for design and mind for engineering that's celebrated by the industry and customers alike.
Real Impact ____
It is our belief that technology's purpose has always been to bring humanity together to overcome and conquer difficult challenges. That is why we always design our technology to generate a real impact – to serve a greater, human purpose that every single human being can benefit from.
Greater Purpose ____
takes a broader approach to serving society and making life better. We believe that we can make more of a difference looking beyond the obvious, reaching out to people and enabling them to make a difference, and in improving the way we do things.
In early 2014, we launched ​Power To Give™. By combining all of the computing power at the fingertips of smartphone users and connecting them to international research projects and institutes, Power To Give™ creates one of the world's largest supercomputers to advance research on ecological and environmental issues, and to help find cures for diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's.
Our strengths in design are not limited to creating great looking hardware. Our standards extend to our  manufacturing processes, as well. That's why our factories are among the most environmentally responsible in the world, and why our offices have earned global acclaim, setting the gold standard in energy efficiency.
We have also expanded our environmental initiatives to shape the entire customer experience. Our product packaging is 100% biodegradable, and the One (M7) was the first smartphone in the world built to international specifications of complete carbon footprint and lifecycle assessments. That's an industry first we're proud of.
At HTC, we do all of these things in the knowledge that we're always creating for the future. To that end, we realize that bringing the future to life ultimately rests in the hands of our youth. Through the Foundation and our Summer Family Camp we provide humanitarian and social support to those most in need while also assisting in the teaching and development of a strong sense of character and social values in youth. We believe that the future is for everyone, which is why we strive to ensure that every child has the opportunity to be part of the next generation of leaders and visionaries.
Future Pursuits ____
This evolutionary path is a piece of the much larger journey we aim to take in the future. As we expand into new categories with the Re camera and other upcoming products, it is important to remember what brought us to where we are now, and why we do the work we do. From our people to our products and our social and environmental initiatives, the Pursuit of Brilliance represents the guiding philosophy that has shaped and will continue to shape as a global organization.
Join the conversationrecognizes that the theft of smartphones and other mobile devices is an important issue for its customers. While we are continuing our efforts to collaborate with our partners in the wireless industry and the public safety community to deter and reduce phone theft , we urge all of our customers themselves to take appropriate steps to improve the security of their devices and data.
What you can do now to improve the security of your device and data:
Set a screen lock . screen lock is designed to help to protect your personal information and help prevent others from using your mobile device without your express permission. To learn how to set a screen lock, visit the support page for your device (type in the name of your device below “Find Your Product” and select your device from the resulting menu, select the “Security” or “Settings and security” heading on the device support page, then select the appropriate topic from the menu on the left side of the page).
Consider installing a security application . Many mobile apps are available to enhance the security of mobile devices. These security-related apps are often available for free or at a low price and can provide the capability to remotely lock, locate, or wipe your device. You can find more information on security apps on CTIA’s consumer tips on smartphone theft deterrence page.
Back up your data . Many users store valuable data on their smartphones, including photos, videos, and contacts, so backing up your data in case your smartphone is lost, damaged, or stolen is a good practice. To learn how to back up your data, visit the support page for your device (type in the name of your device below “Find Your Product” and select your device from the resulting menu, select the “Sync and Backup” or “Sync, backup, and reset” heading on the device support page, then select the appropriate topic from the menu on the left side of the page).
Set a . Many devices support the use of a personal identification number (PIN) to lock your card. Setting the may help to prevent people from accessing your cellular voice or mobile data services without authorization. Once the is set, you must enter your whenever you restart your device or whenever you move the card to another device. To learn how to set a PIN, visit the support page for your device (type in the name of your device below “Find Your Product” and select your device from the resulting menu, select the “Security” or “Settings and security” heading on the device support page, then select “Assigning a to help protect your Card” from the menu on the left side of the page).
What to do if your device is lost or stolen:
Report the loss to your wireless provider as soon as possible . If your device is lost or stolen, immediately notify your wireless provider so that they can suspend service to your device. See the FCC’s page on How to Report a Lost or Stolen Mobile Device for more information.
Remotely locate, lock, or wipe your device using a security app . If you have installed a security app (see above) you may be able to use it to remotely locate, lock, or wipe your device. Follow the instructions provided with the app or contact the app provider for more information.
Report phone theft to the police . If your phone has been stolen, you may wish to report the theft of your device to your local police department.
Find more information about how to deter theft and protect your data at CTIA’s consumer tips page.
Join the conversation