We are – a cutting-edge biofuel technology company advancing the development of a proprietary technology platform that transforms non-food biomass into drop-in hydrocarbon transportation fuel blendstocks.  Our technology platform can provide new, alternative sources of hydrocarbon transportation fuels – sustainably – using a variety of renewable feedstocks to help promote energy security and combat global warming through reduced lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions.  Our technology is flexible and can be commercialized either as a stand-alone facility or as an addition to an existing facility, such as one that already processes biomass (a pulp/paper mill) or produces fuels (a petroleum refinery). 
​​Our Vision
To realize the extraordinary potential of responsibly and sustainably fueling the world’s transportation needs from non-food, cellulosic biomass.​
Our Mission
To develop and commercialize our pioneering, world-class cellulosic fuel technology by leveraging our expertise, assets, and innovative spirit, all while delivering sustainable value for our investors, our partners, and our world.
Our Values
We will achieve our vision and our mission by remaining committed to our core values:
Integrity
We maintain the highest ethical and moral standards – scientifically, professionally and personally. 
We demonstrate honesty and fairness in every action that we take without compromising the truth.
We empower and encourage our people to take the initiative to do what is right, even if it is difficult.  
Innovation
Our first-of-kind technology demands first-of-kind thinking from people with different backgrounds and expertise. Our job is not just to ask questions, but to deliver practical answers. 
We believe that innovation is more than the creation of new ideas; it is also the novel application of ideas and lessons from our collective experience.
We value curiosity and creativity in our talented people.
Perseverance
We understand and embrace the challenge of developing a new technology.
We recognize every obstacle as an opportunity to learn, adapt and solve
We believe the knowledge we gain from trying new things, regardless of the result, drives innovation.
Collaboration
We promote and support a diverse yet unified team that treats everyone with respect. 
We celebrate individual successes and work together to drive those successes forward. 
We support and care for each other both personally and professionally. 
Focus on the Future
We are dedicated to using our collective talents to provide future generations with sustainable solutions to the world’s fuel requirements.
We constantly adapt to meet the demands of the market and the needs of our changing world.