Who We Are
Who We Are
Customer Relationship Obsessed
Multi-Channel Capacity
is a multi-channel contact center that will strengthen the relationship between you and your client with every interaction. 
What Makes Different?
MULTI-CAPACITY
Be everywhere.
What We Do
Industry Leader
Microsoft. Moen. Honda.
Clients
Shared-Risk PRICING
Only pay for success.
Our Approach
Obsessed
We love your customers as much as you do.
Our Story
You'll be in good company:
Let's Talk
Are you ready to start the conversation about co-sourcing?
Back to Top
InceptSaves
InceptGrows
InceptGives
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Incept, 4150 Belden Village Street Northwest, Canton, OH, 44718, United States
(330) 649-8000Chief executive officer
Sam Falletta is the of Incept, where he has been responsible for the development and execution of successful customer acquisition and retention strategies for some of the largest brands in the world including Microsoft, Ford, Honda, and the American Red Cross. Under Sam’s leadership, has grown consistently over the last decade and has been recognized as one of the top workplaces in Ohio by Workplace Dynamics several times.
In addition to his work at Incept, Sam is active in the community as the founder of TEDxAkron and a board member of several local and national nonprofit organizations.  He is an active speaker on the topics of customer experience and employee engagement.
Sam has also been recognized as a recipient of Smart Business's Smart 50 Award, The University of Akron's Frank Simonetti Distinguished Business Alumni Award, named to the 2017 Northeast Ohio 'Who To Watch' list by Smart Business Magazine, the Professional Association of Customer Engagement’s Spirit of Philanthropy and Community Impact Award, Workplace Dynamics Top of a Mid-sized Company, and the Smart Business Spirit of Entrepreneurship Awards, along with several growth awards for Incept.
Sam loves to travel internationally, attend sporting events and concerts, and spend time with his wife and two children at their home in Green, Ohio.
Darren Hudach
OFFICER
Darren is an innovative and entrepreneurial business leader with a proven record of driving profitable growth. His career has been spent leading, growing and scaling businesses across multiple markets.
Darren spent over 12 years at PerkinElmer where he was Vice President of three business units. Darren spent the next 3 years of his career as Chief Operating Officer for Cleveland HeartLab, helping drive a successful exit to Quest Diagnostics. In January, 2018 Darren accepted a role as Chief Growth Officer for Incept. Darren has a unique ability to build high performing teams that drive profitable growth.
Darren holds a (Organizational Leadership) from the University of Findlay and (Computer Science) from Youngstown State University.
Darren is a lifelong Ohio resident that is passionate about his family and his community.
Billie Johnson
VP, Client Results
With over 20 years of contact center experience, Billie serves Incept’s clients through campaign construction and strategic implementation and remains involved with every blood center engagement.  She is the chief auditor for all existing blood center clients and prospective client organizations.  Billie presents annually at a host of industry events and has made herself an invaluable strategic asset for client organizations.  In addition to her hands-on approach to client management, she serves on the American Red Cross Stark and Muskingum County Chapter board, Marketing and Communications Committee, the InceptGives Charitable Fund Board and collaborates with the Cesar Chavez National Blood Drive initiative and the Safe Blood for Africa research project.  She is a member of and Vistage International.
Dave Walter
VP, Operations
Dave’s journey with began in 1998 by making calls for our business-to-consumer clients as part of our management trainee program.  He was quickly identified as a leader and began to manage our evening shift.  Much of Dave’s experience came from managing the launch of 8 for Microsoft, numerous customer satisfaction programs in partnership with Ford, General Motors, and Honda, as well as a variety of lead generation and customer acquisition campaigns for both nonprofit and for profit clients.  During the early 2000s, Dave was an integral part of growing Incept’s client base.  For the last 12 years, he has focused on building company culture and overseeing all aspects of our Operations team, from hiring and training to Quality Control, Human Resources, and Contact Center Results.
James Latsch
VP, SYSTEMS
James joined in 2010 as an Analyst with several years of operations and analytics experience with a Fortune 500 company.  He rose through the ranks quickly at Incept, first as the Director of Contact Center Results for the Saves division, Director of Business Intelligence, and finally the of Operational Systems in 2016.  In this role, James is responsible for multi-function operational systems – sales and operations planning process, project management, business intelligence, bad puns, etc.  James' ability to translate raw data into actionable tactical and strategic insights for and our clients is rivaled by none.
Allison McConnell
Director, Employee Results
In her eight years as a member of the team, Allison has consistently delivered outstanding results in roles ranging from financial oversight and operational leadership to employee wellness and retention. 
In her current role as Employee Results Director, Allison is applying her breadth of experience to enhance employee satisfaction through a holistic Employee Life Cycle approach encompassing everything from hiring and training to benefits and conversational quality.  Each day, Allison challenges her team and peers to stretch their capabilities and achieve an optimal balance of driving effective outcomes for our clients, our employees, and Incept.  