 Skip to primary navigation
 Skip to content
Menu
Home
Company
Intevac, Inc.
Philosophy and Values
Events
Locations
Map and Driving Directions
Suppliers Terms & Conditions
Careers
United States
Asia
Benefits
 Close
Thin  Film Equipment
Hard Drive Media
200 Lean
AccuLuber
Hard Disk Drive Process Sources
Applications
Perpendicular Magnetic Recording
Disk Lubrication
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
Patterned Media
Adjacent Thin Film Markets
MATRIX
Matrix for Fan-Out Packaging and UBM
Matrix Linear Scanning Magnetic Array (LSMA)
Display Cover Panel
Vertex
Solar
ENERGi
ENERGi Technology
ENERGi Productivity
 Close
Photonics
Products
Technology
NightVista Low Light Cameras
Gated Cameras
MicroVista NIR/Cameras
Apache Camera
Digital Night Vision Goggle
Display Systems Technology Capability
 Close
Investors
Customer Support
Contact
Contact Equipment
Contact Photonics
All Other Inquiries
 Close
Search ...
Home
/
 Company
Company
Delivering Innovative Thin Film Technology For Over Two Decades
provides production-proven solutions for the application and engineering of 
thin films for the technology and vacuum coating industries
, and highly advanced 
digital vision sensors and systems
 for the defense industry.
Our Company
Since our founding in 1991, we have been developing thin film solutions using our high productivity processing systems.
We are headquartered in Santa Clara, California and have offices and manufacturing facilities in California and throughout Asia.
has two business units: Equipment and Photonics.
Thin Film Equipment
designs and manufactures innovative, high productivity, thin film processing systems. Our production-proven platforms are designed for high volume manufacturing of substrates with precise thin film properties.
Today, we are the world’s leading supplier of magnetic media processing systems, having shipped more than 220 manufacturing systems to our customers. More than 60% of the world’s magnetic media is produced on systems.
Our technology solutions improve performance and throughput, and continue to expand into additional markets – including solar and adjacent thin film deposition applications.
Photonics
Photonics is a technology leader in the development and manufacture of compact, cost-effective, high-sensitivity digital-optical sensors, cameras and systems for the defense industry, based on our proprietary Electron Bombarded Active Pixel Sensor (EBAPS®) with its advanced thin film technology.
Designed for the capture and display of low-light images, applications for our industry-leading systems include digital night vision and long range target identification. We are the sole source provider of integrated digital imaging systems for most military night vision programs.
News
Careers
Locations
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Search/ Philosophy and Values
Philosophy and Values
Committed. Engaged. Focused.
Committed to Success
We are a company committed to world class performance by creating benefits and opportunity for our stockholders, customers, employees and the global communities in which we operate. We strive to meet our commitments and create value by delivering products and services which provide our customers with differentiated performance and competitive advantage.
Actively Engaged Employees
Integrating our “Top 10” management principles into their daily work is second nature to employees. Our shareholders, customers, partners and colleagues benefit from their dedication to these principles:
Create shareholder value
Continuously innovate, improve and accept change
Commit to teamwork, collaboration and creativity
Sustain open, direct and ongoing communications
Support ethical, respectful and honest interactions
Make safety the #1 priority
Have fun along the way
Focused on Our Customers
We view our customers as partners and value ongoing collaboration throughout the entire relationship. We believe that honest and open communication with each customer is vital to our ability to understand and fulfill their requirements to ensure a positive outcome.