About us
At Kemira, we use our chemistry to improve your everyday. We add optimal quality, functionality and strength to paper and board products, we ensure safety and hygiene of water and food packaging, and we maximize yield from energy resources.
Our areas of expertise are pulp & paper, water intensive industries & municipal water treatment, and oil & gas. Through our global network of dedicated experts, production facilities and R&centers, we serve customers around the world and improve their product quality, resource efficiency and sustainability.
Revenue
2.5B€
Our purpose
We enable our customers to improve their water, energy and raw material efficiency.
Our vision
Our vision is to be the first choice in chemistry for water intensive industries.
Our values
We are dedicated to customer success.
We care for people and the environment.
We succeed together.
Our strategy
Our offering
We provide expertise, application know-how and chemicals that benefit our customers by optimizing product quality and yield, enhancing process and energy efficiency, and ensuring that water quality meets end-use specifications and regulatory requirements.
Business
Our business is organized into two customer-based segments. Pulp & Paper represents some 60% of our group revenues, and Industry & Water 40%.
Pulp & Paper
Our customers can count on us for chemistry, expertise and partnership for every step of their process. We are able to supply everything their mill needs, from products to application expertise and smart process management. We work together with customers to improve their operational efficiency, sharpen their competitive edge, and reduce their costs.
Customers:  Pulp and paper industry
Products and services:  Chemical solutions, application expertise and smart process management for the entire process from pulp manufacture to paper production and to water treatment
Market area:  Global
Position:  We are the #1 chemistry partner to the pulp and paper industry worldwide
2017 results for Pulp & Paper
Revenue
€1.477B
Pulp & Paper
market position
Industry & Water
We support municipalities and water intensive industries in the efficient and sustainable utilization of resources. In water treatment, we help in optimizing every stage of the water cycle. In oil and gas applications, our chemistries enable improved yield from existing reserves and reduced water and energy use.
Customers:  Municipalities and water intensive industries
Products and services:  Raw water, wastewater and sludge treatment solutions; Oil, gas and mining industry chemistries and smart process management
Market area: Global
Position:  We are the market leaders in water treatment in North America and Europe, with strong growth in other markets, and are #1 in polymers in shale fracking
2017 results for Industry & Water
Revenue
€1.009B
Shale fracking
in polymers
Research & development
Our main goal in R&is to ensure that our product portfolio keeps evolving to meet our customers’ changing needs, not only in performance and price but also in sustainability and renewability. We are dedicated to achieving this through close collaboration with customers as well as leading research institutes, industrial partners and start-ups.
350
1,350
patents
With R&centers on three continents, we’re constantly working to improve resource and business efficiency, together with our customers.
Espoo, Finland
Shanghai, China
Sustainability is a key aspect of our new product development work: we prioritize solutions that have improved sustainability performance compared to those already available on the market.
Global network – local expertise
Reliable, responsible supply chain and logistics
wants to ensure a reliable, safe and responsible supply chain from end-to-end: from the procurement of raw materials to the final product and delivery to our customers. We source our raw materials responsibly and assess our suppliers against strict criteria. Some 23% of all raw materials used by us are recycled or industrial by-products from external partners. We conduct sustainability assessments on our suppliers, and ensure they meet our strict requirements for responsible business conduct, accepting our Code of Conduct for Suppliers, Distributors and Agents.
Our Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality program is built on three guiding principles:
Zero environmental harm
Customer satisfaction
We measure and track our performance on each of these, actively identifying opportunities for continuous improvement.
Our logistics network guarantees a reliable chemical supply, worldwide. The focus is on good visibility of delivery status, optimized loads and routes, safety and customer satisfaction.
Interested in becoming a supplier?
All of the significant suppliers covering more than 40% of Kemira’s annual spend have signed a contract to undergo a human rights screening. The contract commits the suppliers to fair and equal treatment of their workforce, and specific attention is paid to not using child labor in any of their operations.
New suppliers have to undergo a minimum requirement screening that checks compliance with applicable laws, the Code of Conduct, and the Code of Conduct for suppliers, agents and distributors, and a risk assessment.
In general, the attached purchasing conditions will be applied to all purchases. General purchase conditions (.pdf)
If you would like to supply products or services to Kemira, please complete the template and send it to us alongside the other attachments requested. template (.pdf)
Contacts:
Our history
Founded in Finland in 1920 as the state-owned “Sulfuric Acid and Superphosphate Plants Corporation”, the company focused on meeting the growing needs for chemistries in the industrial, mining and fertilizer sectors. Over several decades, other fields of expertise were added to the mix – for paints, pigments, manufacturing, textile fibers, and other materials. Likewise, the acquisitions and mergers of many other chemical producers and businesses added new knowledge and expertise.
As the company grew (and in 1972 was given the name of “Kemira”), excellent opportunities to internationalize the business began to arise. Through a series of mergers and acquisitions, began to take a market leader position in several different production types and market segments.
In 1994 the company was listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange. Profitable, sustainable growth has been a key attraction for investors since becoming a listed company. In 2008, water chemistry became the bedrock of Kemira’s strategy.
The of today focuses on serving customers in water intensive industries: pulp & paper, municipal and industrial water treatment and oil & gas. We have units operating in 40 countries, represented by skilled personnel from over 60 nationalities. We have over 4800 employees globally.
brief timeline
1920 – Founded as “Valtion Rikkihappo- ja Superfosfaattitehtaat Oy” (The State Sulphuric Acid and Superphosphate Plants)
1982 – First expansion outside Finland, entering the United Kingdom
1984 – Establishment of operations in the USA
1985-1992 – Expansion throughout Europe, including Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark, Romania, Spain, Portugal, Poland and more
1989 – Opening of operations in Asia-Pacific with a joint venture in Japan, followed by Thailand, India, Australia and many others in the 1990s
1994 – becomes a stock exchange-listed company
2008 – Water chemistry becomes the bedrock of Kemira’s strategy
Our most recent history and events can be found in the company news and stock exchange releases.
Annual Report 2017
Kemira’s Annual Report 2017 has been published on February 22, 2018.
January-September Interim Report 2018 has been published on October 24. Watch the webcast recording.
See the full video
offers you the right mix of opportunities and challenges in a global and diverse working environment. Our result-oriented and collaborative culture empowers you to solve the challenges of tomorrow in an inspiring company, so that together we can have a major impact on the future – yours, ours and the world’s.
© 2018
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. Read more about our cookie policy and privacy statement .
agree