Skip to the primary navigation.
Skip to the content.
Language
Menu
Welcome to the Future.
Halio Smart-Tinting Glass.
Tomorrow's windows are here.
Halio smart-tinting glass is so advanced that windows start tinting within seconds to provide shade and glare relief. Whether it’s a window, skylight, or partition, Halio allows you to precisely control how much natural light to let through. Halio is fully programmable to tune with your personal preferences.  
Learn More
More natural light
Let in more natural light without excessive heat or glare.
Perfectly clear, perfectly tinted
Looks like normal glass until it tints to soothing, cool grays. 
Precision control
Tint windows automatically or on command to precisely control natural light coming into a room.
Green and sustainable
Block heat from entering your rooms for dramatic energy savings.
More natural light
Let in more natural light without excessive heat or glare.
Perfectly clear, perfectly tinted
Looks like normal glass until it tints to soothing, cool grays. 
Precision control
Tint windows automatically or on command to precisely control natural light coming into a room.
Green and sustainable
Block heat from entering your rooms for dramatic energy savings.
Look forward...
Look forward to living in homes that nurture and continually re-energize us…to sleeping soundly in darkened rooms and waking refreshed as we gradually greet the sun…to working in inspiring offices where we can gaze out the window, fuel our imaginations, and be our most creative…to windows that keep us connected to the outside world. All day long. This is the future that is upon us right now. This is Halio smart-tinting glass. 
About Us
In the News
Property & Technology: 2018 Year in Review
Over the course of the year property technology, or proptech in short – was omnipresent, with developers, investors and city shapers looking to capitalise on new innovations in order to transform the way we communicate, commute, consume and create. Technology has enhanced globalisation, provided market transparency as well as expedited business processes; all areas which have heavily benefitted the property sector.
The Windy City Welcomes Sustainability at Greenbuild
Halio also offers dynamic glazing solutions. Craig Henricksen, vice president of marketing at Kinestral, spoke about the potential of dynamic glazing in the residential sector. He said the residential market is harder to get into because it is more fragmented than the commercial market. According to Henricksen, once the product is more turnkey and efficient it could be viable as a residential product.
Taiwan’s green building technology attracts foreign investors
Taiwan's reputation as a force in green building technology is attracting the interest of foreign investors. Earlier this month, startup opened its first factory.
See More
Investors
We're a different kind 
of start-up.
Join Us
Questions? 
Contact us

Locations
© 2019 Technologies, Inc.
 RESERVED.
Menu
Technology
About Us
News
Jobs
Contact
Language
Want to learn more about Halio?
Visit the Halio Website
Languages
Select your language of preference
Chinese (Traditional)
English
JapaneseTechnology for next generation windows
Natural light is essential to our emotional and physical wellness. It provides an array of benefits, from productivity to better sleep, so in 2010 was founded to explore an innovative way of harnessing sunlight.
Our goal was threefold. Give people the ability to control natural light. Reduce glare and heat. And lower energy consumption.
has succeeded in creating a technology that is changing how people live and work, as well as
revolutionizing the construction industry. Halio™, the world’s most advanced smart-tinting glass, is responsive, intelligent, and a beautiful architectural element. It transitions automatically or on-command from clear to fully tinted in less than 3 minutes.
With Halio™ architects, designers, and builders have a more versatile element for windows, skylights and interior walls to create homes and buildings that are comfortable, beautiful, and sustainable.
Leadership Team
has over 20 years of experience in the display and electronics industries. He was formerly of Energy and Chief Commercial Officer for Cambridge Display Technology (CDT), both in the UK, and Director of Sumation in Japan. He holds a Ph.from Imperial College, London and an from the University of Chicago.
Cha, Ph.D.CEO
Howard is a co-founder of Kinestral. He was formerly R&at Symyx where he pioneered the use of combinatorial methods for the discovery and optimization of functional materials. With a Ph.from MIT, Howard started his career with Exxon. He has authored more than 60 scientific publications and 100 issued patents
Howard Turner, Ph.D.CTO
Sam drew from his experience in process development and systems design to co-found Kinestral. Previously Engineering at Symyx, Sam has written over 25 issued patents. He received his Ph.from the University of California, Santa Barbara
Sam Bergh, Ph.D.COO
Ian has over 25 years of experience in semiconductor, display and renewable energy industries. He was formerly of energy in Boston and President of E-Ton Solar Tech, a public traded company in Taiwan. He holds an from Purdue University and an from University of Texas at El Paso.
Ian ChaoPRESIDENT, TAIWAN
Anna's extensive finance background includes stints as and Interim roles at Soylent where she developed and executed the business strategy, raising a $50Series round. As at TiVo, she played a key role in business strategy by substantially increasing subscriber growth and influencing product innovation strategy. Prior to that, Ms. Brunelle also completed two successful IPOs with Roxio and Sunrise Telecom.
Anna BrunelleCFO
Before joining Kinestral, Ron was Senior and General Counsel at Relypsa, Inc. He has 20+ years experience as an in-house counsel, including as Senior VP, Intellectual Property at Symyx. Ron holds a from George Washington University and a in Materials Engineering from the University of Michigan. He is also a lecturer at Santa Clara University Law School.
Ronald KrasnowOFFICER
An accomplished senior technology manager with a broad experience in developing, building, marketing, and selling consumer lifestyle technology products, Paul was previously with Control4, 3Com, and Compaq (HP). He holds a from the University of Utah.
Paul NagelDEVELOPMENT
Craig has extensive experience in product development and marketing, including working with global consumer brands such as Bose and iRobot. He holds an undergraduate degree in electrical engineering, an international from the University of San Diego, and an from in Monterrey, Mexico.
Craig HenricksenVP, & MARKETING
Thomas was formerly Risk Management and Treasury at Amyris Inc, and Risk Management at Paribas focused on commodity trading and risk. Before that, Tom worked at Hess Corporation for more than 25 years focusing on supply planning, logistics, risk management and terminal operations.
Thomas KrivasALLIANCES