Main menu shortcut
Go to body text
prev
next
play slide
stop slide
view subtitles

           There’s no need to worry when you cannot see ahead. 5will connect to other cars and traffic lights to ensure your car doesn’t miss road signals. The 5network's high-precision position measurement allows more accurate autonomous travel. Come experience 5autonomous driving pilot service in Pangyo! Hi Five! Today’s 5People. Technology.           
Play Video
KT’s Supporters Program was established in 2007,
 In order to share knowledge.
News >
Corp. Launches 5Service...
SEOUL, South Korea (December 13, 2018) – (KRX: 030200; NYSE: KT), South Korea’s largest telecommunications company, has officially launched its 5network commercial service through an AI-equipped robot named Lota, marking a new era of innovation in the world’s information and communications technology (ICT) sector.
Runs Special Promo on Top...
SEOUL, South Korea (October 12, 2018) – Corp. (KRX: 030200; NYSE: KT), South Korea’s largest telecommunications company, is running a special promotion for international travelers who purchase its new top-up prepaid (Subscriber Identification Module) card.
Corp. Tests Driverless Bus...
Successfully tested a self-driving bus at the country’s largest international airport this week, the latest showcase of its autonomous vehicle technology and innovation.
Partners with Ghana Gov...
EOUL, South Korea (November 22, 2018) – (KRX: 030200; NYSE: KT), South Korea’s largest telecommunications company, reached a milestone deal with Ghana to fight epidemics last week to help people in Africa and other parts of the world with the company’s innovative technology.
Corp. Brings 5to Indonesia
SEOUL, South Korea (August 20, 2018) - Corp. (KRX: 030200; NYSE: KT), South Korea's largest telecommunications company, is showcasing its next-generation 5wireless technology and services during Asia's largest sporting event being held in Indonesia.
KT’s Market Wins OVUM’s...
SEOUL, South Korea (September 17, 2018) – new mobile shopping service using Augmented Reality (AR) developed by Corp...
More
by Numbers
No.1
2017 KS-QEI
No.1 in Mobile
Communication/
High-Speed Internet
133
years
The history of
communications in Korea
5G
The world’s first 5service
at PyeongChang 2018
Olympic Winter Games
25
Overseas
Branches & offices
Global Presence >
USA
Japan 
China(2)
Uzbekistan(4)
Rwanda(3)
Poland(2)
Mongolia
Hong Kong
Vietnam(2)
Bangladesh(2)
Myanmar
Tanzania
Botswana
Algeria
Angola
Global Business >
Network
Technologies 
GiWire 
GiWiFi 
Gi
Enterprise LTE
Service Platforms 
IoTMakers 
ucloud biz 
Open source Total Servie 
e-Procurement
Energy & Environment 
AMI
BEMS
Fintech 
Mobile Wallet 
Mobile Gift Certificate
Media 
K-live 
& Mobile IPTV
Contact Us >
How can we Help?
Global Business Inquiry
Got a Question?
Send Inquiry >Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
and communications industry of Korea since its foundation in 1981.
Innovative Technology Company To be the best company in the world
We introduced 5G, the next-generation network, to the world, and we are leading
the 4th industrial revolution with our innovative network.
Leading the wired and wireless Giage
We introduced Giservices like GiInternet, Giand GiWi-Fi, and realized Gispeed in both wired and wireless communication.
Innovative technology No.1 We will continue to intensively foster the 5 platforms while becoming
a global companybased on network technology.
People’s company KT’ trusted by customers
is owned by people. We will continuously bring essential products and
services to our customers, and we will always be there for citizens.
Single Customer First
Right-Path management
Message
Message
is creating an advanced technology future to benefit the public.
Thank you for visiting KT’s homepage.
is capitalizing on the world’s best network and innovative technology
to provide differentiated services, and realize customer-first management.
will continue to challenge the status quo and innovate to realize our vision of Global No.1,
and we will become the people's company with a future better than today,
and we will take the lead in doing things that people and the country need.
Your continued support and encouragement is always appreciated.
We will always do our best to meet your expectations.
is creating an advanced technology future to benefit the public.
Education
University of Massachusetts, Amherst
Seoul National University, Korea
Seoul National University, Korea
2013Distinguished Chair Professor,
Sungkyunkwan University, Korea
2011Advisory committee member,
2010-2013Private sector member, National Science & Technology
Council (NSTC), Korea
2010-2013President & National CTO,  Office of Strategic R&Planning, Korea
2009Board Member, National Academy of Engineering of Korea
2008-2009President & CTO, Corporate Technology Office, Samsung Electronics
2004-2008President & CEO, Semiconductor Business, Samsung Electronics
2004-2008Chairman, Korea Semiconductor Industry Association
2001-2003President, Memory Division, Samsung Electronics
1999Executive Vice President & General Manager,
Semiconductor R&Center, Samsung Electronics
1994Developed the World's First 256DRAM
1987Technical Consultant, Intel Corporation, California, USA
1986Technical Consultant, Hewlett Packard Co., California, USA
1985Research Associate, Dept. of Electrical Engineering, Stanford University
TypefaceMain menu shortcut
Go to body text
Corporate Identity
Introduction to CI
Download CI
KT’s embodies the image of a fluttering flag that signifies a global brand spreading throughout the world.
							Red symbolizes passion, innovation and warm sensibility towards customers, and black symbolizes trust.
						Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
The Gidesign, representing KT's service, was motivated by lightning
to visualize the speed that is at least 10 times faster.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
General Meeting of Shareholders
1,946
Separate
1,891
Cash dividend
Regular Cash Dividend per Share, Total Cash Dividends, Dividend Ratio to Market Value table
Regular Cash Dividend per Share (KRW)
1000
245,097
3.2
Status of Directors Table
Inside Directors
Outside Directors
Audit Committee who are Outside Directors
Suk-Gwon Chang, Il Im (2)
Number of Outside Directors Following Appointment
Total number of directors : 11
Number of outside directors : 8
Percentage of outside directors (%) : 72.7%
Number of Auditors Following Appointment Table
Number of Auditors Following Appointment
Standing auditors : -
Non-standing auditor : -
Number of Members of Audit Committee Following Appointment
Number of members of Audit Committee who are outside directors : 4,
Shares present* : 156,871,774
156,158,684
99.5%
713,090
0.5%
2
2-1
153,870,760
98.1%
3,001,014
1.9%
2-2
127,910,169
81.5%
28,961,605
18.5%
3
3-1
122,261,214
99.6%
459,294
0.4%
4-2
122,273,823
99.6%
446,685
0.4%
5
127,360,272
81.2%
29,511,502
18.8%
* Shares present : Total number of shares present with voting rights announced at the beginning of the shareholders’ meeting (Agenda Item No.1). Shares with voting rights for each agenda item differs according to applicable law, and as a result, the number of shares present may vary. The rate of shares present excluding the largest shareholder and families is 52.4%.
** Against: Against and Abstaining included.
23 March, 2018
Table that Total Assets, Total Liabilities, Capital Stock, Total Stockholders’ Equity
Total Assets
(Unit: Million)
Table that Revenues, Operating Income, Net Income, Basic Earnings per Share
Revenues
22,743,665
2,904
Separate
Table that Total Assets, Total Liabilities, Capital Stock, Total Stockholders’ Equity
Total Assets
(Unit: Million)
Table that Revenues, Operating Income, Net Income, Basic Earnings per Share
Revenues
17,028,868
3,305
Cash dividend
Regular Cash Dividend per Share, Total Cash Dividends, Dividend Ratio to Market Value table
Regular Cash Dividend per Share (KRW)
800
195,977
2.6
Table that Approval of Appointment of Directors
Approval of Appointment of Directors
Inside Directors
Outside Directors
Jong-Gu Kim, Dae-Geun Park, Gae Min Lee, Il Im (4))
Audit Committee who are Outside Directors
Jong-Gu Kim, Dae-Geun Park (2)
Number of Outside Directors Following Appointment
Total number of directors : 11
Number of outside directors : 8
Percentage of outside directors (%) : 72.7%
Table that Number of Auditors Following Appointment
Number of Auditors Following Appointment
Standing auditors : -
Non-standing auditor : -
Number of Members of Audit Committee Following Appointment
Number of members of Audit Committee who are outside directors : 4,
Shares present* : 154,432,387
151,634,440
98.2%
2,797,947
1.8%
2
153,117,334
99.1%
1,315,053
0.9%
3
152,905,776
99.0%
1,526,611
1.0%
4
4-1
125,485,789
98.1%
2,392,913
1.9%
5-2
125,812,157
98.4%
2,066,545
1.6%
6
152,598,277
98.8%
1,834,110
1.2%
7
153,162,639
99.2%
1,269,748
0.8%
* Shares present: Total number of shares present with voting rights announced at the beginning of the shareholders’ meeting (Agenda Item No.1). Shares with voting rights for each agenda item differs according to applicable law, and as a result, the number of shares present may vary. The rate of shares present excluding the largest shareholder and families is 52.0%.
** Against: Against and Abstaining included.
24 March, 2017Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
GiLTE, Let’s put it on Campaign
GiLTE, Let’s put it on Campaign is a event where employees are attaching GiLTE’s mascot at bags or card to let the customer know of GiLTE’s excellence and handiness.
wiz BI
wiz Mascot
wiz Pop-up Book
shows the brand story of wiz’s pop-up bookCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
seeks to improve corporate governance and management transparency with ethical management.
General Provisions
Adopted on
Amended on
1997. 10. 1
1997. 12. 8, 1998. 9. 18, 1999. 3. 19, 2000. 3. 24, 2001. 3. 21, 2002. 3. 22, 2002. 8. 20, 2003. 3. 14, 2004. 3. 12, 2005. 3. 11, 2005. 3. 19, 2006. 3. 10, 2007. 3. 16, 2009. 1. 14, 2009. 3. 27, 2010. 3. 12, 2011. 3. 11, 2012. 3. 16, 2013. 3. 15. 2015. 3. 27, 2016. 3. 25, 2017. 3. 24, 2018. 3. 23
Article 1. Name
The name of the shall be "Chusik Hoesa kt", which shall be written in English as "Corporation" (hereafter "kt").
Article 2. Purpose
The objective of is to engage in the following business activities
1. Information and communications business
2. New media business and Internet Multimedia Broadcasting Business
3. Development and sale of software and contents
4. Sale and distribution of information communication equipment
5. Testing and inspection of information communication equipment, device or facilities
6. Advertisement business
8. facility construction business, electrical construction business and fire protection facility business
9. Real estate and housing business
9-1. Business facilities management and Business support services
10. Electronic banking and finance business
11. Education and learning service business
12. Security service business (Machinery system surveillance service, Facilities security service, etc)
13. Research and technical development, education, training and promotion, overseas businesses, and export and import, manufacture and distribution related to activities mentioned in Subparagraphs 1 through 12; and
14. Frequency-based telecommunications services and other telecommunications services
15. Value-added telecommunications business
16. Manufacture, provision (screening) and distribution of contents such as musical records, music videos, movies, videos and games
17. Issuance and management of pre-paid electronic payment instruments, and businesses related to electronic finance such as payment gateway services
18. Sales and leasing of equipment and facilities related to the activities mentioned in Subparagraphs 14 through 17
19. Any overseas business or export and import business related to activities mentioned in Subparagraphs 14 through 18
20. Tourism
21. (Deleted)
22. New and renewable energy, energy generation business, electrical system design business and agency business for electrical safety management.
23. Health Informatics business
24. Manufacture of communication equipment, device or facilities for military purpose
25. Energy examination business, Energy service company(ESCO) business, and other of energy use related businesses
26. Business related to Information Security & Certification Service
27. Activities of management consultancy
28. Warehousing and storage
29. General construction business
30. Specialized design services
31. Any and all other activities or businesses incidental to or necessary for attainment of the foregoing.
Article 3. Location of Offices
The head office of (the "head office") shall be located in Seoul or Kyunggi Province. may establish requisite sub-offices at site(s) pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 4. Method of Public Notice
Public notices by shall be given in The Seoul Shinmun circulated in Seoul, Republic of Korea. Provided, however, that if the public notices cannot be published in The Seoul Shinmun due to unavoidable circumstances, such public notices may be given in any daily newspaper published in Seoul, Republic of Korea.
Article 5. Amount of Authorized Capital
The total number of shares authorized to be issued by shall be one billion shares.
Article 6. Par Value and Types of Shares and Share Certificates
① Par value per share issued by shall be 5,000 Korean Won. The type of shares shall be common shares and preferred shares, both of which shall be in registered form.
② Share certificates shall be in eight (8) denominations of one (1), five (5), ten (10), fifty (50), one hundred (100), five hundred (500), one thousand (1000) and ten thousand (10,000) shares.
Article 7. Shares to be Issued at the Time of InThe total number of shares to be issued by at the time of inshall be 395,675,369 shares.
Article 8. Number and Description of Preferred Shares
① The total number of Preferred Shares to be issued by shall be up to one-fourth (1/4) of the total number of shares issued and outstanding, which shall be without voting rights.
② Dividends on Preferred Shares shall be an amount not less than nine (9) percent p.a. of the par value as determined by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance.
③ If the dividends on the Common Shares exceed those on Preferred Shares, the excess dividend amount shall also be paid to the holders of Preferred Shares commensurate to the rate applicable to Common Shares.
④ If dividends on Preferred Shares are not paid for any fiscal year, the holders of such Preferred Shares shall be entitled to receive such accumulated unpaid dividend in priority to the holders of Common Shares from the dividends payable in the next fiscal year.
Article 9. Preemptive Rights
① When issues new shares, the shareholders of shall be entitled to subscribe for such new shares in proportion to their existing shareholdings.
② Notwithstanding Paragraph (1) above, new shares may be issued to persons other than the shareholders of kt, in the following cases:
1. When the new shares are issued by public offering or subscribed by underwriters pursuant to Article 4 and     Article 119 of the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act ("FSCMA");
2. When the members of the Employee Stock Ownership Association of have preemptive rights to    subscribe for such new shares pursuant to Article 165-7 of the FSCMA;
3. When the new shares are represented by depositary receipt pursuant to Article 165-16 of the FSCMA
4. When the new shares are issued by the exercise of stock options set forth in Article 10 of these    Articles of Incorporation;
5. When the new shares are issued in order to accomplish specific business purposes such as strategic alliance, inducement of foreign funds, other capital raising requirements, introduction of new technology, and improvement of financial structure.
6. When the new shares are issued by a resolution of the Board of Directors through a general public offering pursuant to Article 165-6 of the However, in such case, the total number of the shares to be issued shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of the total number of issued and outstanding; or
7. When there exists an immediate need for the company to raise funds, new shares can be issued to domestic and foreign financial institutions (enacted on March 21, 2001).
③ The method of disposition of shares in respect of which preemptive rights have not been exercised or where fractions of shares occur shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
④ Notwithstanding Paragraph (1) above, shareholders who acquire shares in violation of any laws and regulations or these Articles of Inshall not be entitled to subscribe for new shares in respect of such shares.
Article 10. Stock Options
① may grant stock options to its officers and employees who have contributed, or are capable of contributing, to the establishment, management or technical innovation of kt, except for officers or employees in any of the following cases, by a Special Resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Article 340-2 and Article 542-3 of the Commercial Code of Korea, to the extent not exceeding fifteen percent (15%) of the total number of issued shares, provided that may grant stock options by a resolution of the Board of Directors adopted by affirmative votes of two-thirds (2/3) of the directors in offices, to the extent not exceeding one percent (1%) of the total number of issued shares. In such case, the provision of the latter part of the Proviso of Paragraph 1 of Article 38 shall apply mutatis mutandis:
1. The largest shareholder of and the Related Person thereto (refers to the Related Person as prescribed in Paragraph 2-5, Article 542-8 of the Commercial Code of Korea. The same shall apply in this Article);
2. Major Shareholders (refers to the Major Shareholders as prescribed in Paragraph (2-6) of Article 542-8 of the Commercial Code of Korea. The same shall apply hereinafter) and the Related Person thereto; or
3. Any person who shall become a Major Shareholder of by exercising his/her stock options.
② The proviso of Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the directors of kt, and the grant of stock options pursuant to the proviso of Paragraph (1) shall be approved by the General Meeting of Shareholders which is held after such grant of stock options.
③ The shares to be issued to the officers or employees by the exercise of their stock options (in case where pays in cash or shares the difference between the exercise price of stock options and the market price, refers to the shares which are the basis for such calculation) shall be Common Shares in registered form.
④ The number of officers and employees of who are granted with stock options shall not exceed ninety nine percent (99%) of the total number of officers and employees in office. Stock options granted to one single officer or employee shall not exceed ten percent (10%) of total number of shares issued and outstanding.
⑤ The exercise price per share of the stock options shall not be less than the price as set forth in the Commercial Code of Korea.
⑥ Unless otherwise provided for by the relevant laws, the exercise period of stock options shall be determined by separate agreements, to the extent that such exercise periods shall not exceed seven (7) years from the date two (2) years have elapsed after the date of the General Meeting of Shareholders or the Meeting of the Board of Directors at which a resolution to grant such stock option rights is adopted.
⑦ may cancel the grant of stock options by a resolution of the Board of Directors in any of the following cases:
1. When the relevant officer or employee of voluntarily retires from his/her office within two (2) years after    the date of the General Meeting of Shareholders or the Meeting of the Board of Directors at which a resolution to grant such stock option rights is adopted;
2. When the relevant officer or employee of is dismissed for substantial damages incurred to due to his/her willful misconduct or gross negligence; or
3. When any event for the cancellation set forth in the agreement for granting such stock options occurs.
Article 11. Base Date Regarding Dividends of the New Shares
In case issues new shares through right issues, bonus issues and stock dividends, with respect to the distribution of dividends on the new shares, the new shares shall be deemed to have been issued at the end of the fiscal year immediately prior to the fiscal year during which the new shares are issued.
Article 12. Transfer Agent
① may appoint a transfer agent to make entries in the register of shareholders.
② The transfer agent, and the place and scope of business of the transfer agent shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors, and a public notice shall be given thereof.
Article 13. Report of Names, Addresses and Seals of Shareholders
① Shareholders and registered pledgees shall report their names, addresses, and seals to the transfer agent referred to in Article 12. Any changes thereto shall also be reported.
② Shareholders and registered pledgees who reside in foreign countries shall appoint and report the place where, and an agent to whom, notices will be given in Korea. Any changes there to shall also be reported.
Article 14. Closing of the Register of Shareholders and the Record Date
① shall suspend the entries of any changes into the register of shareholders regarding any rights on Shares from January 1 to January 31 of each year.
② shall let the shareholders who are entered into the register of shareholders on December 31 of each year exercise their rights thereof at the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
③ may, for convening an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders or when necessary, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, set the record date or close the register of shareholders for a certain period not exceeding three (3) months by giving at least two (2) weeks' prior public notice.
Article 15. Issuance of Convertible Bonds
① may issue convertible bonds to persons other than shareholders to the extent that the aggregate face value of the convertible bonds so issued shall not exceed 2 trillion (2,000,000,000,000) Korean Won. Provided that, the issuance of convertible bonds to persons other than shareholders may be made in cases provided for by any of the Subparagraphs of Paragraph (2) of Article 9.
② The Board of Directors may determine that the convertible bonds referred to in Paragraph (1) may be issued on the condition that conversion rights will be attached to only a portion of the convertible bonds.
③ The type of shares to be issued upon conversion of convertible bonds shall be common shares. The conversion price, which shall be equivalent to or more than the par value of the shares, shall be determined by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance.
④ The period during which conversion rights may be exercised shall commence on the date set forth in the after the date of issuance of the relevant convertible bonds and end on the date immediately preceding the redemption date thereof. However, the Board of Directors may adjust the conversion period in accordance with relevant laws within the above period by its resolution.
⑤ For the purposes of any distribution of dividends on the shares issued upon conversion or any payment of interest on the convertible bonds, the convertible bonds shall be deemed to have been converted into shares at the end of the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the relevant conversion rights are exercised.
Article 16. Issuance of Bonds with Warrants
① may issue bonds with warrants to persons other than shareholders to the extent that the aggregate face value of the bonds with warrants so issued shall not exceed 2 trillion (2,000,000,000,000) Korean Won. Provided that, the issuance of bonds with warrants to persons other than shareholders may be made in only in cases provided for by Subparagraphs of Pargraph(2) of Article 9.
② The amount of new shares which can be subscribed by the holders of the bonds with warrants shall be determined by the Board of Directors, provided that the maximum amount of such new shares shall not exceed the aggregate face value of the bonds with warrants.
③ The type of shares to be issued upon exercise of warrants shall be common shares. The issue price, which shall be equivalent to or more than the par value of the shares, shall be determined by the Board of Directors at the time of issuance.
④ The period during which warrants may be exercised shall commence on the date set forth in the after the date of issuance of the relevant bonds with warrants and end on the date immediately preceding the redemption date thereof. Provided that, the Board of Directors may adjust the conversion period in accordance with the relevant laws within the above period by its resolution.
⑤ For the purposes of any distribution of dividends on the shares issued upon exercise of warrants, shares shall be deemed to have been issued at the end of the fiscal year immediately preceding the fiscal year in which the subscription monies therefor are fully paid.
Article 17. Applicable Provisions regarding Issuance of Bonds The provisions of Articles 12 and 13 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the issuance of bonds.
Chapter 4. General Meeting of Shareholders
Article 18. Convening of General Meeting
① Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders shall be convened within three (3) months after the end of each fiscal year, and Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders may be convened at any time, by the Representative Director President (hereafter “hwejang”) pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors except as otherwise provided by the relevant laws and regulations. Provided, however, that Article (29), Paragraph (2) shall apply mutatis mutandis in the event the President (hwejang) fails to perform his duties.
② Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders specifying the time, place and purpose thereof shall be sent to each shareholder two (2) weeks prior to the date set for the General Meeting of Shareholders. However, such notice to the shareholders who hold less than one-hundredth (1/100) of the total number of shares with voting rights may be given in the form of a public notice of the meeting appearing twice or more in The Seoul Shinmun, The Maeil Business Newspaper and The Korean Economic Daily instead.
③ General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held at the location of the head office, Seoul or its neighboring place.
Article 19. Chairman
The President (hwejang) shall preside at the General Meeting of Shareholders; provided, however, that Paragraph (2) of Article 29 shall apply mutatis mutandis in the event that the President (hwejang) fails to perform his duties.
Article 20. Chairman's Right to Maintain Order
① The Chairman shall suspend or cancel the proposal of any person who intentionally disrupts, by speech or behavior, the proceedings of the General Meeting of Shareholders or shall order such person to leave the General Meeting of Shareholders.
② If the Chairman deems it necessary for the smooth proceeding of the General Meeting of Shareholders, the Chairman may restrict the time and frequency of a shareholder's proposal.
Article 21. Voting by Proxy
① shareholder may exercise its voting rights by proxy.
② The proxy described in Paragraph (1) must file with a power of attorney before the opening of the General Meeting.
Article 22. Method of Adoption of Resolutions
Resolutions of the General Meetings of Shareholders, except as otherwise provided by the relevant laws and regulations, shall be adopted if the approval of a majority vote of the shareholders present at such meeting is obtained and such majority also represents at least one-fourth (1/4) of the total number of shares issued and outstanding.
Article 22-2. Exercise of Voting Rights by Writing
① The Shareholders may exercise their voting rights by writing without attending the General Meetings of Shareholders in person.
② In case of Paragraph (1) above, shall send the notice of convening the General Meeting of Shareholders, together with written documents and reference materials necessary for the Shareholders to exercise their voting rights.
③ The Shareholders desiring to exercise their voting rights by writing shall enter necessary matters in the written documents under paragraph (2) and submit them to by the date immediately preceding the date set for the Meeting.
Article 23. Minutes of the General Meeting
With respect to the proceedings of the General Meeting of Shareholders, the details of the proceedings and its resolutions shall be recorded in the minutes which shall bear the names and seals or signatures of the Chairman and the Directors present, and shall be preserved at the head office and branches.
Article 24. Number of Directors
shall have not more than eleven (11) directors. The number of inside directors, including the hwejang, shall not exceed three (3), and the number of outside directors shall not exceed eight (8).
Article 25. Election of President (hwejang), Representative Director and Directors
①  The President (hwejang) shall be elected by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders among those who are recommended by the Board of Directors. However, if deemed necessary, one (1) inside director recommended by the President (hwejang) may be additionally elected as a representative director by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
② The dismissal of the President (hwejang) requires a resolution by the General Meeting of Shareholders adopted by the affirmative vote of two-thirds (2/3) of the voting rights of the shareholders in attendance at the Meeting; provided, however, that such votes shall represent at least one-third (1/3) of the total number of issued shares of kt. Dismissal of the Representative Director other than the President (hwejang) shall be in accordance with the resolution under Article 38 of these Articles of Incorporation.
③ Inside directors other than the President (hwejang) shall be elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders among the executive officers under the provision of Article 35 of these Articles of Inwho are recommended by the President (hwejang) with the consent of the Board of Directors. the President (hwejang) may propose to the General Meeting of Shareholders with the consent of the Board of Directors the dismissal of any inside director even during his/her term of office, when any of the following event occurs. In this case, the inside directors other than the President (hwejang) shall not participate in the resolution of the Board of Directors:
1. Inability to perform his/her duties for a period not less than one (1) year due to his/her physical and/or mental disorders; or
2. Remarkably poor results of his/her business management due to deficient management abilities.
④ Notwithstanding Paragraph 3 above, if the Board of Directors has recommended a candidate for the President (hwejang), the candidate for the President (hwejang) shall recommend candidates for the inside directors with the consent of the Board of Directors. Provided, however, that the candidate for the President (hwejang) is not elected as the President (hwejang) at the General Meeting of Shareholders, his recommendation of the candidacy for the inside directorship shall become null and void.
⑤ Outside directors shall be elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders from among those who have professionalism and knowledge and are recommended by the Outside Director Recommendation Committee pursuant to Article 42 after considering any of the following criteria:
1. He/she has sufficient hands-on-background or professional knowledge in his/her relevant field such as information communications, finance, economy, management, accounting, or law that are necessary to perform his/her duties as an outside director;
2. He/she is not bound by special interest as an outside director and is able to fairly perform his/her duties for the benefit of and its shareholders;
3. He/she has a sense of ethics and responsibility that is fit to perform his/her duties as an outside director;
4. He/she is able to spare his/her time and efforts necessary to faithfully perform his/her duties as an outside director.
⑥ Any person who falls under any of the following categories shall not become a director of KT, and upon any elected director of falling under any of the following categories, such director shall be dismissed:
1. Person who retired from his/her office within the last three ③ years due to his/her own faults or business responsibilities;
2. Person who is sentenced to imprisonment or more severe punishment, and three ③ years have not elapsed after the expiration of the execution of such imprisonment or determination not to execute such imprisonment;
3. Person who is currently under the suspension of pronouncement or suspension of execution, or who is sentenced to probation, and two ② years have not elapsed after the expiration of the probation period; 
Article 26. Staggered Term of Office of Outside Director
One-third of the total number of the outside directors shall be elected every year.
Article 27. Term of Office of Directors
① The term of office of directors shall be not more than three (3) years; where the term of office expires before the closing date of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in the last fiscal year of such term, the term of office shall be extended to the closing date of such General Meeting.
②  The aggregated term of office of an outside director shall be not more than ten (10) years. However, this shall not apply in the event that the extension of the term of office is determined by the proviso of paragraph 1.
Article 28. By-election of Directors
① In case of any vacancy in the office of a director, a director shall be elected to fill such vacancy at the General Meeting of Shareholders, provided that election thereof may not be made unless such vacancy results in lack of the requisite number of the directors or a difficulty in the administration of business.
② The term of office of an outside director elected to fill a vacancy shall be the remainder of the term of office of his/her predecessor.
Article 29. Duties of the President (hwejang) and Directors
① The President (hwejang) shall represent KT, execute businesses resolved by the Board of Directors and manage all businesses of The Board of Directors shall determine the scope of duties and authorities of the Representative Director additionally elected through recommendation of the President (hwejang) in consideration of his/her necessity.
② Inside directors shall assist the President (hwejang) and shall perform their duties. In the event the President (hwejang) fails to perform his duties, an inside director shall perform his/her duties in accordance with the order as provided in the Office Regulation. However, in the event both the President (hwejang) and inside directors fail to perform their duties, a director shall perform his/her duties in accordance with the order as provided in the Office Regulation.
③ If a director becomes aware of any event which may cause a material damage to kt, such director should immediately report to the Auditors' Committee thereof.
Article 30. Duties of Directors
① Directors shall perform their duties faithfully for the good of in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and the provisions of these Articles of Incorporation.
② The directors shall not disclose any business secret of that they obtained in the course of performance of their duties, during and after their terms of offices.
Article 31. Remuneration and Severance Allowance for Directors
① The Remuneration for the directors shall be determined by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders, and such remuneration may be paid either in cash or in combination of cash and stock.
② The criteria for remuneration for the President (hwejang) and the inside directors, and the method of payment thereof shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors, which shall be reported to the General Meeting of Shareholders.
③ The President (hwejang) and the inside directors shall not participate in the resolution of the Board of Directors as set forth in Paragraph (2) above.
④ Severance allowances for directors shall be paid in accordance with kt's regulations for payment of officers' severance allowance adopted at the General Meeting of Shareholders.
⑤ The Outside directors may be reimbursed for expenses necessary for the performance of their duties.
Article 32. President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee
①shall organize the President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee in order to examine the President (hwejang) candidates subject to examination, which shall consist of all of the outside directors and one (1) inside director. However, any person who is elected as a member of the President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee shall not be a candidate for the President (hwejang), and the same shall apply in the event of serving a consecutive term.
② The President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee shall be organized by not later than three (3) months prior to the date of expiration of the term of office of the President (hwejang) (or before the elapse of two (2) weeks from the date of retirement of the President (hwejang)) when such retirement is due to reasons other than the expiration of the term of office thereof), and shall be dissolved after the execution of management agreement between the President (hwejang) so elected and the chairman of the Board of Directors.
③ The chairman of the Recommendation Committee shall be elected by the Board of Directors from among its members who hold the position of outside directors of kt. In this case, the President (hwejang) and the inside directors shall not participate in the resolution of the Board of Directors.
④ The Board of Directors shall, in consideration of the following requirements, determine the examination criteria for the examination of the President (hwejang) candidates and the President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee shall examine all of the President (hwejang) candidates on the basis of such criteria:
1. Experiences and scholastic achievements under which his/her knowledge with respect to the field of business management and economics can be evaluated in objective point of view;
2. Past business results and the management period of being in office under which his/her corporate management experience can be evaluated in objective point of view;
3. Any requirements to evaluate qualification and ability as a chief executive officer; and
4. Any requirements to evaluate professional knowledge and experience with respect to the telecommunications and related fields.
⑤ The composition, operation and other details relating to the President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee shall be determined through the resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 33. Election of President (hwejang)
① President (hwejang) shall be elected from among CEO-qualified candidates who have a knowledge of management and economics or who have much managerial work experience.
② The Corporate Governance Committee, pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 41 shall investigate and compose internal and external President (hwejang) candidate pool and shall select the President (hwejang) examination candidates in compliance with the decision of the Board of Directors.
③ The President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee shall examine the President (hwejang) candidates selected under paragraph 2 in accordance with the examination criteria determined under paragraph 4 of Article 32, select the President (hwejang) candidates in compliance with the decision of the Board of the Directors and shall report to the Board of Directors the outcome of the examination thereof.
④ The Board of Directors shall confirm one ① person as the President (hwejang) candidate from the President (hwejang) candidates per paragraph 3 above and recommend such person so selected, to the General Shareholders’ Meeting.
⑤ The Board of Directors shall, in confirming the president candidate, consult and decide with such candidates the terms of employment contract including the management goals.
⑥ The Board of Directors shall recommend a president candidate to the General Shareholders' Meeting and concurrently submit a draft employment contract.
⑦ The President (hwejang) and the inside directors shall not participate in the resolution of the Board of Directors determining the terms of employment contract including the management goals pursuant to paragraph 5 above.
⑧ The Board of Directors may decide upon matters not stipulated herein this Article and which concern the appointment and reappointment of the President (hwejang).
Article 34. Execution of Employment Contract with the Candidate for President (hwejang)
① When the draft employment contract submitted pursuant to Paragraph 6 of Article 33 above is approved at the General Shareholders' Meeting, shall enter into such management contract with the candidate for President (hwejang). In such case, the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall, on behalf of KT, sign the management contract.
② The Board of Directors may conduct a performance review to determine if the new President (hwejang) has performed his/her duties under the management contract as provided in Paragraph 1 or hire a professional evaluation agency for such purpose.
③ When the Board of Directors determines, based on the result of performance review under the provision of Paragraph 2 above, that the new President (hwejang) has failed to achieve the management goal, it may propose to dismiss the President (hwejang) at the General Shareholders' Meeting.
④ The management goal shall include revenue increase, profitability improvement, investment plan and other related business objectives and shall be determined, on a yearly basis, at the Board of Directors' Meeting in order to achieve the mid to long-term plans approved by the Board of Directors. Such management goal may be established on a numerical basis, if possible.
⑤ The performance review prescribed in Paragraph 2 above, shall be conducted by the Board of Directors at the closing of each fiscal year or may be delegated by the Board of Directors to a professional evaluation agency; provided, however, that if the Board of Directors deems necessary, it may conduct the performance review during any fiscal year.
⑥ The Board of Directors shall report the result of the performance review prescribed in Paragraph 2 above to the General Meeting of Shareholders.
⑦ The President (hwejang) and the inside directors may not attend the Board of Directors' Meeting for the resolution of the agenda prescribed in Paragraphs 2 through 4.
Article 35. Managing Officers
① For the efficient operation, shall have managing officers including inside directors.
② The managing officers shall consist of positions determined by the Board of Directors.
③ The number and remuneration of the managing officers who do not hold the position of inside directors of shall be determined by the Board of Directors. The severance allowance for the said managing officers shall be paid in accordance with kt's regulations for payment of officers' severance allowance adopted at a General Meeting of Shareholders.
④ Managing officers who do not hold the position of inside directors of shall be elected by the President (hwejang) of kt, whose term of office shall not exceed three (3) years.
⑤ All matters concerning the respective duties of managing officers shall be determined by the President (hwejang).
Article 36. Advisor, etc.
The President (hwejang) may employ an Advisor or appoint an Advisory Council in order to receive advice and suggestions regarding important matters concerning the operation of kt's businesses.
Chapter 6. Board of Directors
Article 37. Organization and Operation
① The Board of Directors shall consist of the directors, and shall resolve important matters related to the execution of business of as prescribed in the laws and regulations and these Articles of Incorporation, which were submitted by a director as an agenda.
② The Board of Directors' Meeting shall be convened by each director. However, this shall not apply in the event that a director to convene the Board of Directors' Meeting is determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors' Meeting.
③ The rest of directors may request the director designated under Paragraph 2 above to convene the Board of Directors' Meeting. However, if the designated director refuses to convene the Board of Directors' Meeting without any justifiable reason therefor, other directors may convene the Board of Directors' Meeting.
④ In convening a meeting of Board of Directors, the notice thereof shall be given at least three (3) days prior to the date set for such meeting to each director; provided, however, that the above procedure may be omitted with the consent of all of the directors.
⑤ Matters necessary for the operation of the Board of Directors shall be set forth in the Regulations of the Board of Directors.
⑥ For the efficient management of the Board of Directors, a self evaluation regarding the activities of the Board of Directors may be conducted, and detailed matters therefor, including the evaluation method, etc. shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 38. Resolution and Delegation
① resolution at a meeting of Board of Directors shall be adopted by the presence of a majority of all directors in offices and by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. However, the resolution on the sale of equity in any subsidiary of accompanying transfer of management rights, which is for more than 10 billion (10,000,000,000) Korean Won of the subsidiary’s equity, shall be adopted by affirmative votes of two-thirds (2/3) of the directors in office, and the resolution on the dismissal of the President shall be adopted by the affirmative votes of two-thirds (2/3) of the outside directors in offices.
② The Board of Directors may delegate part of its authorities to the President (hwejang).
Article 39. Chairman
① The chairman of the Board of Directors shall be elected from among the outside directors by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
② The term of office of the chairman shall be one (1) year.
Article 40. Minutes of the Board of Directors
The proceeding and the result of meeting of the Board of Directors shall be recorded in the minutes, which shall bear the names, seals or signatures of the Chairman and the directors present at the meeting, and shall be kept at the head office.
Article 41. Committees within the Board of Directors
① The Board of Directors may have expert committees under its control by its resolution, in order to deliberate or decide with respect to the specific matters submitted to the Board of Directors.
1. President (hwejang) Candidate Examination Committee;
2. (Corporate Governance) Committee (the "Committee");
3. Outside Director Candidates Recommendation Committee;
4. Audit Committee; and
5. Other Committees which the Board of Directors deems necessary.
② Any necessary matters, including those regarding the composition, authority or operation, of a committee under the Board of Directors described in Paragraph 1 above shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 41-2. Committee
① The Committee shall be composed of four (4) outside directors and one (1) inside director. However, the member of the Committee who belongs to the President (hwejang) candidate pool under paragraph 2 of Article 33 shall not participate in any resolution regarding the election of President (hwejang).
② The Committee shall deliberate and decide overall matters relating to the corporate governance of the Company.
③ Specific issues, such as the operation of the Committee, shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors
Article 42. Outside Director Candidates Recommendation Committee
① The Outside Director Candidates Recommendation Committee shall consist of one (1) inside director and all of the outside directors; provided that in case of election of an outside director due to the expiration of the term of office of an outside director, the relevant outside director the expiration of whose term has caused the need for such election may not be a member of the Committee.
② The Outside Director Candidates Recommendation Committee shall recommend outside director candidates to the General Shareholders' Meeting.
③ Any other detailed matters regarding organization and operation of the Outside Director Candidates Recommendation Committee shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 43. Audit Committee
① The Audit Committee shall consist of not less than three (3) outside directors.
② The Audit Committee shall perform an audit of kt's accounting books and records, and of other aspects of its business operations.
③ Any other detailed matters regarding organization and operation of the Audit Committee shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 44. Managing Officers' Meeting
① may convene managing officers' meeting in order to consider and resolve matters delegated by the Board of Directors.
② Matters necessary for the organization and operation of the managing officers' meeting set forth in Paragraph 1 above shall be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors.
Article 45. Fiscal Year
The fiscal year of shall be from January 1 to December 31 of each year.
Article 46. Preparation, Submission and Maintenance of the Financial Statements
① The President (hwejang) of shall prepare the following documents and supplementary documents thereto and the business report for each fiscal year, and submit such documents, after approved by the Board of Directors, to the Audit Committee, six (6) weeks prior to the date of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders:
1. balance sheet;
2. statement of profit and loss; and
3. Other documents, as defined by the Commercial Code and enforcement ordinance, that reflect financial position and management performance of the company
4. Consolidated financial statements of the company
② The Audit Committee shall submit an auditor's report to the President (hwejang) at least one (1) week before the General Shareholders' Meeting.
③ The President (hwejang) shall keep each document listed in Paragraph (1) together with the business report and the auditor's report at the head office for a period of five (5) years, commencing from one week prior to the date of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders. Certified copies of these documents shall be kept in each respective branch office for a period of three (3) years.
④ The President (hwejang) shall submit each document listed in Paragraph (1) to the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders and request approval therefor. With respect to the business report, he/she shall report the contents thereof to the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders.
⑤ When the approval of the General Meeting of Shareholders is obtained for the documents listed in Paragraph (1), the President (hwejang) shall, without delay, give a public notice of the balance sheet and the audit opinion thereon of an independent auditor.
Article 47. Disposition of Profits
The unappropriated retained earnings for each fiscal year of shall be disposed of as following order:
1. Legal Reserves;
2. Other statutory reserves;
3. Amortization by way of the appropriation of the retained earnings;
4. Dividends; and
5. Voluntary reserve
Article 48. Retirement of Shares
Pursuant to Article (165-3) of the FSCMA, may, by a resolution of the Board of Directors, retire the shares within the scope of profits attributable to the shareholders.
Article 49. Payment of Dividends
① Dividends may be paid either in cash or in shares.
② In case of stock dividends, if has issued several types of shares, different types of shares may be allotted by a resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
③ Pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, may pay interim dividends in cash once during a fiscal year with June 30 as a base date (referred to as the fixed interim dividend date).
④ The dividends referred to in Paragraphs (1) and (3) shall be paid to the shareholders or registered pledgees who are registered in the registry of shareholders as of the end of each fiscal year or as of the fixed interim dividend date.
⑤ The rights to dividends shall be extinguished if it is not exercised within five (5) years from the date when the relevant dividend was declared, and such unclaimed dividends shall belong to kt.
Article 50. Guarantee of Personnel Status
① Any employee of shall not receive a dismissal, suspension, reduction in compensation, reprimand and other disadvantageous orders, without any justifiable reasons therefor.
② The retirement age of company employees shall be as prescribe by PROMOTION.
Article 51. Publication of Management Information
shall make public any and all matters deemed to be necessary for the promotion of transparency in management.
Article 1. Enforcement Date
These Articles of Inshall be effective from October 1, 1997.
Article 2. Term of Office of the First President and Standing Directors
Notwithstanding Paragraph (1), Article (29) hereof, the term of office of the first President and the standing directors to be elected at the General Meeting of Shareholders convened after the execution of these Articles of Inshall be extended until the end of the Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders convened after the expiration of the said term of office.
Article 3. Term of Office of First Non-Standing Director
① Pursuant to Article (3) of the Addenda of the Special Act, candidates for non-standing directors who are recommended by the Temporary Non-standing Directors Recommendation Committee shall be classified into three groups, i.e., first, second and third groups, which shall consist of one, two and three persons, respectively.
② Notwithstanding Article (29), Paragraph (1) hereof, the term of office of a non-standing director in the first group shall expire at the close of the first Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders convened after one (1) year has elapsed. The term of office of non-standing directors in the second and third group shall expire at the close of the first Ordinary General Meetings of Shareholders convened after two (2) and three (3) years have elapsed, respectively.
Article 4. Special Provisions for Term of Office of Standing Directors succeed to the Term of Office of an Executive Officer
In the event that a former executive officer who has been elected prior to the date of enforcement of these Articles of Inis elected as a first standing director of after the enforcement of these Articles, his/her term of office may be shortened to the remainder of the term of office of a executive officer prior to the date of enforcement of these Articles of Incorporation.
Addendum December 8, 1997
These articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution of the general meeting of shareholders thereon.
Addendum September 18, 1998
Article 1. Enforcement Date
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meetings of shareholders.
Article 2. Interim Measures for the Acquisition of Shares of by Foreigners
Those provisions of Paragraph (3), Article (10) hereof shall not be applicable where Foreigners have acquired any shares of prior to the date of enforcement of these Articles of Inpursuant to the relevant laws and regulations. In this regard, the number of shares so acquired shall be included in the maximum aggregate shareholdings ceiling prescribed in Item 1, Paragraph (2), Article (10) above.
Addendum March 19, 1999
Article 1. Enforcement Date
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meetings of shareholders.
Article 2. Interim Measure
The cumulative voting system provided for in Article (382-2) of the Commercial Code shall not apply until each of the requirements set forth in Paragraph (1), Article (21) of the Special Act has been satisfied.
Addendum March 24, 2000
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 21, 2001
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 22, 2002
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum August 20, 2002
Article 1. Enforcement Date
These Articles of Inshall become effective from the date on which a resolution on the foregoing amendments is adopted at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Provided, however, that the amended provision of Article 41-3 shall become effective from the date following the day on which the first General Meeting of Shareholders is convened after enforcement of these amended Articles of Incorporation.
Article 2. Interim Measure
The person who is "President (sajang)" as of the amendment date of these Articles of Inwill become the "President (hwejang)", and in applying Article 32(1)-2 "ex-Presidents (sajang)" prior to the amendment date will be interpreted as "ex-Presidents (hwejang)".
Addendum March 14, 2003
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 12, 2004
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 11, 2005
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum August 19, 2005
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 10, 2006
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 16, 2007
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 27, 2009
Article 1. Enforcement Date
These Articles of Inshall become effective upon resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders approving the amendment hereof.
Article 2. Interim Measure
The person who is "President (sajang)" as of the amendment date of these Articles of Inwill become the "President (hwejang)", and in applying Article 32(1)-2 "ex-Presidents (sajang)" prior to the amendment date will be interpreted as "ex-Presidents (hwejang)".
Addendum March 12, 2010
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 11, 2011
These Articles of Inshall be effective from the date of resolution thereon of the general meeting of shareholders.
Addendum March 16, 2012
These Articles of Inshall become effective as of the date of resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Clause 1 of Article 46, shall become effective as of April 15, 2012
Addendum March 15, 2013
These Articles of Inshall become effective as of the date of resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Addendum March 27, 2015
These Articles of Inshall become effective as of the date of resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Addendum March 25, 2016
These Articles of Inshall become effective as of the date of resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Addendum March 24, 2017
These Articles of Inshall become effective as of the date of resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.
Addendum March 23, 2018
These Articles of Inshall become effective as of the date of resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
History
The history of symbolizes the history of information and communications in Korea.
World’s first 5Olympic Torch Relay
Presentation of a Global Epidemic Prevention Platform (GEPP) at the 2018 Davos Forum
02
Pilot run of 5network services during the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and opening of 5promotional halls in Gangneug and Gwanghwamun
Exhibition booth at the 2018 Mobile World Congress (MWC) ('Experience the World's First 5with KT')
03
Opening of the Urban Theme Park ‘VRIGHT’ in Sinchon, Seoul
Launch of the Data Box
Announcement of the performance of the 5pilot service deployed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics and presentation of the future roadmap
04
Launch of Kids Land on Olleh TV.
05
First Anniversary of GiIsland in Bangladesh
Announcement of Fine Dust Reduction Measures
Exhibition booth at the 2018 World Show
5Service Contest' award
06
Presentation of the 'Hyper-connected Mobility' Strategy of the Satellite Operator SAT
Live Broadcast of #CheongChunHae(#YouthSun) Festival with FM4U
Organization of Street Cheering Events for the 2018 Russia World Cup
Public Safety technology Unveiled
Exhibition booth at the 2018 Shanghai Mobile World Congress
07
Announcement of the blockchain strategy
Completion of the ‘Electronic Resident Registration Data Center’in Tanzania
08
Launch of GiGenie Buddy
5Tech Experience Hall at the Asian Games Jakarta-Palembang 2018
09
Launch of the Y24 Plan
Concert for the #YearofYouth (#청춘해) x Fail Expo
Inter-Korean Summit Communication Service
10
Concert for the #YearofYouth (#청춘해) x Busan International Film Festival
Launch of Olleh Kids' Land 2.0
CEO's Special Class for Harvard Business School Graduates *Topic: in the New Energy Market
Launch of the 10 GiInternetCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Committees of the Board
Gye-Min Lee Director/Chairman of the Corporate Governance Committee
(Former) Advisor, Korea News Editors’
Association Fund
(Former) Editor-in-chief,
(Former) member of committee,
Korea Communications commission
Ministry of Justice
Hanyang University
Term Mar.2016~2019 annualCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
seeks to improve corporate governance and management transparency with ethical management
Members of the Board of Directors
The CEO, inside and outside directors are selected by the general shareholders meeting based on the recommendation of the Board and the Outside Director Candidates Recommendation Committee, respectively.
Inside Directors
(Former) President & CTO, Samsung Electronics
Term Mar.2014~2020 annual
Term Mar.2016~2019 annual
(Former) Head, Mobile Network Business Unit, Term Mar.2018~2019 annual
(Former) The 46th Minister of Ministry of Justice
Term Mar.2014~2020 annual
Term Mar.2012~2019 annual
(Current) Advisor, Bae, Kim & Lee LLC
(Former) member of committee, Korea Communications commission
Term Mar.2013~2019 annual
Term Mar.2014~2020 annual
(Former) Advisor, Korea News Editors’ Association Fund
(Former) Editor-in-chief, The Korea Economic Daily
(Former) CEO, Hankyung.com
(Current) Professor, School of Business, Yeonsei University
(Current) Associate Dean, School of Business, Yeonsei University
(Former) Vice President, Korean Academic Socity of Business Administration
(Former) Vice President, The Korean Association of Small Business Studies
Term Mar.2017~2020 annual
(Current) Auditing Director, Ultra V
(Former) Senior Secretary to the President for Public Participation, Office of the President
Term Mar.2018~2021 annual
general shareholders' meeting
Dae-You Kim Director
(Former) Senior Secretary to the President for Economic Policy, Office of the President
(Former) Vice President, Wonik Investment Partners
Term Mar.2018~2021 annualCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Image Caption
이 우산은 굉장히 유용하며 사용성도 매우 뛰어납니다.
think it's very useful. The usability of this umbrella
is outstanding.
멋진 제품입니다.
Fantastic product.
But to win award every year is very difficult.
이는 디자인 팀의 강점과 디자인 철학을 나타내는 것입니다.
It shows the strength of your design team, and your philosophy.
kt는 디자인과 디자인이 주는 힘을 믿는다는 점에서 매우 진보적입니다.
is very advanced, in terms of believing in design and what design can do.
나건 교수
Ken Nah
레드닷어워드 심사위원
Jury of Red Dot Award
많은 사람들이 일상생활을 하면서 불편함을 느끼고 있지만, 그것을 표현하지 못하고 있는 것들을 잘 찾아서
offers a great way to solve the problem that many people feel uncomfortable in daily life.
해결할 수 있는 좋은 방법을 제안했다라고 하는 것이 Best of the Best의 훌륭한 이유가 될 것이라고 생각합니다.
think that would be a good reason for the Best of the Best.
디자인 아카이브 공간
Concept sketch & Prototyping
design over the world
Global Design Prize awarded History
has been well acknowledged in design by various global design awards since 2010.
2018
TrilogyWinner
BrochureWinner
olleh FontWinnerCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
seeks to improve corporate governance and management transparency with ethical management
Governance Structure
Independence in composition and operation of the board of directors
73% of the board members consist of outside directors; separated from the board chair. All members of the inspection, evaluation & remuneration, and internal transaction committees composed of outside directors.
Transparency in election committee.
Recommendation committee operated (every outside director, one inside director), an external agency is utilized to investigate candidates for post outside director.
Special authority given to the outside directors.
Evaluation of management contract and recommendation of dismissal, remunerations for or inside directors, and determining payment methods.
02 Enhancement of shareholder value
Payback to share holders
Share retirement and dividend.
Protection of shareholder rights
Appointment and Management contract
candidates are recommended by The Board and elected during the general shareholders meeting. New signs a management contract, allowing the board of directors to assess CEO’s management performance every year.
Remuneration and dismissal
remuneration is determined based on management performance.
The board of directors may plead for dismissal to the general shareholders assembly, in the cases where CEO’s performance rate in management contract terms fails to reach a satisfactory level.
External Assessment of Governance Structure
2018. 11
in corporate governance sector and overall grade of evaluation | Korea Corporate Governance Service
2017. 09
in corporate governance sector and overall grade of evaluation | Korea Corporate Governance Service
2015. 09
2010. 09
Winner of grand prize in audit of the year in corporate sector | Korea Listed Companies Association- Leading advancement of audit tasks by composing the audit committee for each area of expertise, performing independent audit activities, and maximizing efficiency in internal control
2010. 06
2008. 06
The first winner of “Honorary Corporation" award for 2 consecutive years in Korea | Korea Corporate Governance Service
Winner of the best transparency | S&- Highest-ranking Korean among the Asia-Pacific 100 corporations.
2003. 09
Superior governance structure business in emerging markets | Economy, - High score obtained in such aspects as ownership structure, financial transparency, board of directors operation, shareholder relations, and management interests.
2003. 04
1st grade governance structure | - “kt, with the best corporate governance structure, is one of the best in Asia”
2002. 09
The best governance structure cases in Asia | Goldman Sachs - “kt's governance structure is one the best in Asia”
2002. 06
Winner of the best transparency | S&- Highest-ranking Korean among the Asia-Pacific 100 corporations.
Difference From Best Criterion
Recommended Exemplary Standards
Adopted by Select
Outside directors composition requirement (majority of seats)
Select
Independence of outside directors (from the corporate, executive management, and controlling shareholders)
Select
Select
Select
Select
Select
Precise certificate on financial reports
Select
Enactment and disclosure of corporate ethics
Select
Select
Select
EnforcedCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
2015.03 2015: Declaration 5Vision
2016.06 Released ‘PyeongChang 5specifications(SIG)
2016.10 ‘5First Call’ over 5Network
2017.01 Adoption of 5demo services as international standards
2017.02 MWC2017: The World’s first 5End-to-End service
2017.06 5World Award: Best network development
2017.10 World’s first 5connection(successful N/W-Device-Service Connection)
5Handover technology
As show, has continued to lead the industry in 5technology development, as well as the commercialization of the 5network
Olympic winter games PyeongChang 2018
showed the world’s first successful “5network demo-service” at the PyeongChand 2018.
5City: Experience a 5City of the near future
Mission Challenge: Challenge to escape the room made up of Mixed Reality(MR)
After PyeongChang
will move forward beyond the world’s first 5demo service,
To realize the World’s Best 5service
World First, World Best 5G
20152015 (5Vision Speech) & 2017 (Announcement of the Vision for the World's First 5Commercialization)
2015World’s First 5Common Specifications
2016First Successful 5Call
5Roadmap
5Commercialization Target set to 2019will start commercializing 5in March 2019, using the expertise and know-how acquired through the launch of the world’s first 5Service at the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
Driving 5aaPBy combining technologies, such as virtualization technology, 5will evolve beyond a simple network and grow into an integrated platform that will transform industries and change our lives.
Launch of an Open Labwill act as an incubator to create a 5ecosystem  in the short term. will not only create a R&lab to foster projects from idea development to technology testing, but also promote 5services and 5terminals development.
Leading 5Technology
is taking the lead in providing new technologies and services based on 5G's ultra high speed, ultra low latency, and hyper connectivity, thereby creating socio-economic value for the general public.
High Speed (20Gbps)
5is up to 20 times faster than Ultra high definition photos and large videos can be uploaded and downloaded in an instant.
It also became possible to experience realistic media such as AR/and Timeslice.
Low Latency (0.001second)
With a latency 10 times lower compared to LTE, 5makes real-time remote control possible.
It also enables sophisticated operations in cars and factories, and ensures public safety and stability on industrial sites.
connenctivity (106unit/km)
5can connect 10 million devices within a 1km radius, which is 10 times more than what allowed (100,000 devices within a kilometer).
The integrated services and connections between all objects in daily life, beyond smartphones and laptops, delivers ceaseless convenience.
함께 잡아 주 서비스 기지국이 끊기면 보조 기지국 신호로 끊김 없이 서비스를 제공합니다.
-->
5G.211 (5th Generation Radio Access; Physical channels and modulation) Download
5G.212 (5th Generation Radio Access; Multiplexing and channel coding) Download
5G.213 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer procedures) Download
5G.214 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer measurements) Download
5G.321 (5th Generation Radio Access, Medium Access Control protocol) Download
5G.322 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Link Control protocol) Download
5G.323 (5th Generation Radio Access, Packet Data Convergence Protocol ) Download
5G.331 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Resource Control) Download
5G.300 (5th Generation Radio Access, Overall Description) Download
R1-160836 Channel modeling methodology on above 6GHz Download
R1-160839 Additional features on above 6GHz Download
R1-160833 5channel modeling scenarios Download
The World’s First 5Pilot Service (PyeongChang)
The world’s first 5pilot services showcased at the 2018 PyeongChang winter Olympics were built upon 5network,
confirming KT’s 5leadership.
Construction 5trial network
KT, official communication partner fof the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics, established common 5specification and built a 5network in areas where the pilot services were provided, such as PyeongChang, Bogwang and Gwanghwamun. KT’s 5network provided the basis for various demonstration services.
5Performance
World’s first drone torch relay performance, during which a 5drone operated through the 5network carried the Olympic Torch.
Opening candlelight ceremony utilizing 5G’s hyper connectivity and low latency.
5Realistic Media Services
Timeslice, which enables users to view images taken simultaneously from different angles by multiple cameras.
Sync view, which provides real-time footage from the athletes’ point of view, in ultra-high-definition.
Omni view, a live broadcasting service which lets users choose an athlete to watch and the angle to view it from.
360° that let users watch the game live in 360° using 360° cameras and headsets.
5Showcase
5city, showing the city’s blueprint offer change based on 5network.
World’s first 5G- based attractions using mixed reality based on 5trial network, such as an Olympics escape room challenge and an ice hockey experience program.
Overview of the campaign
"All new beginning Start Here" is a campaign slogan encapsulating  our aspiration for the brave new world with KT’s 5network.
KT’s 5network’s quality was approved by global audience through   PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018.
5Network Technology will shape the new era with commercial 5Network adaptation.
5transforms South Korea
5transforms South Korea.
Simultaneous 5Network connection Assistance (for People)
5Connected Intelligence Robot.
Simultaneously connected Collaboration Robot assist people to work more safely,
With automated error detection and Glass’s remote repair service.
Automated Vehicle driven by 5Simultaneous Connection.
5Connected Car.
All new beginnings Start Here.
"All new beginnings Start Here"This advertisement marks the beginning of 5commercialization
and demonstrates KT’s commitment to create a whole new world with 5Network Technology.
Today’s technology for the good of Korea
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
Here is Youngjin 301.
fire broke out on the ship.
Please come quickly and rescue us.
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
How many people are in danger?
We might have to perform an intubation, so send 3 more people.
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
With the sea current, the field of vision is limited to 1000 meters.
will send the Skyhip first.
We can barely see anything because of the bad weather conditions.
- SkyShip: Rescue airship using communication network recovery and thermal cameras
< Incheon Coast Guard Situation Room >
The communication network has now been restored.
The ship’s position has been confirmed.
< Ship on Fire >
- Remote Support Service : Support Service through High-Definition Video Transmission in Real Time
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
Rescue team on site, you have to press down on the bleeding area.
KT, in collaboration with the Regional Trauma Center and the Korean Maritime Police, is leading the development of the country’s disaster prevention system with 5technologies.
Today's technology, for the good of Korea.
The ad said, "is leading the development of national disaster network along with regional trauma setters and
the Korea Coast Guard with its 5 g technology."
Suggesting that 5was desperately in need of South Korea.Based on the model of Professor Lee Kook-jong of the Center for Severe Treasuries, this ad emphasized rescue of survivors through 'Skitship' and 'remote support service'.
Hi Five! 5Pyeongchang Olympics Achievements
My heart is fluttering.
the amazing experiences successfully launched in Pyeongchang.
When we meet, let’s greet each other like that. Hi Five!
I’m 5G.
From now on, will meet you all across Korea.
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5which amazed the world in PyeongChang, is now going to meet you all over KOREA""PyeongChang Olympic performance", the first advertisement of the Hi-Five 5campaign, puts the light on various 5technologies: the dove of peace that caught the attention of people all over the world, Sync View and Timeslice.
With the operation of a 5self-driving bus in Pangyo, the creation of the 5stadium Wizpark in Suwon, and the installation of virtual reality games in the theme park VRIGHT, demonstrates that 5is not a technology that belongs to a distant future, but can be experienced right now.
[Hi Five! 5G] Autonomous Driving in Pangyo
If you’re in a 5self-driving car, there’s no need to worry when you cannot see ahead.
5will connect to other cars and traffic lights to ensure your car doesn’t miss road signals.
Thanks to real-time information sharing between vehicles, you will know in advance when sudden maneuvers are needed.
The 5network's high-precision position measurement allows more accurate autonomous travel.
Now you’ll be able to enjoy ultra-content without worrying about driving!
Come experience 5autonomous driving pilot service in Pangyo!
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5self-driving trial service, meet now in pangyo."In "5Pangyo self driving" ver. has been identified self-driving technology which connect and share traffic information between vehicles to proactively alert you to emergencies in any situation.
plans to continue "Hi Five! 5G" campaign in the coming years with various 5experience that 5will meet right now rather than technology in the distant future.
5all over Korea
will commercialize 5and provide customers with various 5services from March 2019.
Wizpark
In Suwon Wizpark, used the 5network to create a realistic broadcast for baseball fans by showing the catcher’s point of view (Sync view).
5self-driving bus in Pangyo
held an event in the city of Pangyo, allowing the public to ride a 5autonomous bus moving without any driver, and enjoy a variety of entertainment programs installed in self-driving cars.
Inter-Korean summit
The briefing of the inter-Korean summit was broadcasted in the press center via 5network. The 360° video transmitted in real time gave reporters the feeling that they were watching the event closely, even if they could not go directly.
VRIGHT
The theme parks “VRIGHT” located in Sinchon and Geondae, were created for visitors to enjoy and VR, considered as key technologies of the 5era. More parks are planned to be opened within the year.
5Robot in Lotte Tower
The 5robot installed at Seoul Sky, Lotte World Tower Observatory, provides information to visitors and navigates autonomously. Its abilities rely on artificial intelligence and 5ultra low latency.
Island Village
demonstrated how Giga Internet service can be provided in insular areas where wired network is difficult to install, using the 5WTTx solution and 5terminals.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Locations
The history of symbolizes the history of information and communications in Korea.
Gyeonggi-do (206, Jeongja-dong)
MOBILE: Area Code + 100 (Paid)
Access
Subway
red bus9404, 9401, 9403, 9408
nonstop bus9407, 9000, 1121, 1005-1, 3500, 7007-1, 9001, 9607, 9414, 102
general bus303, 101, 51, 2, 33-1, 310, 720-1, 220, 222, 720
shuttle bus111, 109, 109-1, 1, 2
express bus8131Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Shared Growths with Suppliers
is implementing social contributions centered on people, society and culture.
Shared Growths with Suppliers System
is establishing a mutual growth system through which it can communicate, cooperate and benefit from win-win opportunities with suppliers. For this, the company installed a grow-together organization in 2010, through which it has communicated with suppliers and implemented diverse activities to improve their competitiveness. We are developing various grow-together programs to create shared value with suppliers so that we can lead a mutual growth culture for suppliers, strengthen the Korean telecom ecosystem and secure a presence in the global marketplace.
Innovative Cooperation
Share mutual growth vision and create such environment
Support 1st and 2nd tier suppliers together
Fair Trade
Network loan
Invest in project of SMEs/startups
2 Purchase and Market Development
Demand forecast (supplies)
Enter overseas market together
Japan entry support center
Suppliers’ development capacity reinforcement consulting (S/development)
Help get quality environment certification
Industrial innovation movement
Original proof of trade secret
5 Support commercialization of outside offer
Support commercialization of external ideas
Support trial application of external ideas
Partners Fair, RTC(Round Table of Convergence)
Develop new products with conditional purchase
Benefit Sharing
6 Recruitment and Education
Sustainable SCM
Sustainable Supply Chain Policy
evaluates its sustainable management based on sustainable supply chain management policy, minimizes risks in the supply chain and promotes long-term mutual growth. The company established ‘sustainability guidelines for suppliers’ for the first time in the given domestic industry in December 2012 and has realized systematic sustainable The guidelines include willingness to expand sustainable management throughout its entire supply chain. It consists of 4 sections of business implementation principles, environmental management, corporate social responsibility and product sustainability and presents standards for sustainable management the suppliers expect from across 18 areas.
Section 1 Business Execution
Responsibility and Role
Section 4 Product Sustainability
Assess sustainable management of suppliers and provide education
To realize improvement of supply chain sustainability pursued in the ‘sustainability guidelines for suppliers,’ introduced its sustainable management assessment for regular suppliers in 2013, which measures possible economic, environmental and social risks within the supply chain and manages them regularly. The evaluation indexes have been developed based on requirements of sustainable management by suppliers who were asked by the guidelines. Evaluation results are reflected in the annual unit assessment per supplier, and the level of suppliers’ sustainability is considered in the process of selecting suppliers or best suppliers and re-selecting suppliers. We also run sustainable management training programs for working-level employees since 2014, through which suppliers can share understanding on sustainable management and practice it in the field.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Corporate Typeface Overview
새롭게 휘날리는 KT서체를 만나보세요.
Optimized for digital screens
* Considering the weakness of digital screens of mobiles, tablet PCs, etc., fonts changed curves to straight lines to make sure that the text is large and clear enough on a small screen.
Strengthened readability by improving text line-up
* For better communication with customers, we improved the readability by changing the existing non-square frame font to a square-frame font and by reducing empty spaces left as a result of the height in text.
Before
After
Improved convenience through the diversification of the font-weight
* To enable flexible usage ‘font’ consists of 6 weights; Light, Medium, Bold, Extra Bold, Thin and Ultralight
Font International Design Prize Awarded History
Red Dot Design Award Winner in typography design
iDesign Award Winner in typography design
Korean Typography Association Winner in ‘best font to remember’
Winner in ‘best font to use’
Winner in ‘best font to represent company image’Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Social Contribution Strategy
is making social progress through its social contribution in terms of people, society and culture and its mutual growth with suppliers.
Social Contribution: Vision and Promotion System
is implementing social contribution typed gap bridge centered around people, society and culture in a various way in order to make an equal world where everyone is connected and enjoys the benefit of GIGAtopia. The company focuses its social contribution on building a sustainable society through gap bridge activities using core competence such as infra and technology. This will be realized by extending the management philosophy of becoming ‘the best national company promoting national benefit based on ICT’ into the social contribution area. is deploying various gap bridge activities in terms of people, society and culture considering the characteristics of a telecom company and improving the lives of people and realizing the UN’s SDGs in connection with affiliates.
The best national company providing innovative telecom and convergence services based on ICT
and promoting national benefit
3 Social Contribution Activities
Social Contribution Group
newly installed its ‘Sustainable Management Committee’ in the in April 2016, which promotes efficient and substantial social contribution activities. Also, the company has been deploying group-wide social contributions via Social Contribution Committee under the committee. The Social Contribution Committee oversees public services of Group, runs employees volunteer corps and social contribution funds and plans/coordinates discovery of joint business opportunities between affiliates.
Sustainability Management Committee
Energy Subcommittee
Plan/CoordinateCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Customer First Management System
The company is providing best customer experience through its innovative products and services.
Customer satisfaction starts from service innovation. promotes the customer first and customer satisfaction management to realize the vision of ‘a world best enterprise which communicates through heart and faith.’ For this, we are providing emotion care services to continue to innovate wired/wireless products and services and touch customers. In particular, we have expanded the area of customer experience quality improvement to corporate customers and deployed pre-improvement of customer complaints before he/she perceives since 2015. will establish a customer experience quality caring culture through continuous improvements and become a genuine customer focus company.
System of Customer First Management
KT, with a belief that value creation for customers is the growth, has built the 4 core areas of CS, network, product and channel, segmented customer experience into 2,000 stages and implemented companywide improvement. Also, the company runs an executive-led customer first council to secure execution of improvement, catalogs actual verification indexes and establishes performance verification system from customer perspective. We will continue to make an effort to develop customer-perceived no. 1 products and provide top-quality, differentiated innovative services.
Vision
world best enterprise which communicates through heart and faith
Reflection
We will be “with feelings and emotions beyond the time of trust we’ve travelled so far”
Total in terms of Customer First
1Customer Experience Quality First
experience quality
customer experience quality,
the world’s first,Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is achieving healthy economic development through transparent and ethical management.
has established policies and strategies regarding tax to fulfill the obligation to pay taxes in compliance with responsible tax principles. The details relating to corporate tax, deferred corporate tax, and effective tax rate are disclosed to the public through the auditing report in the electronic disclosure system. In particular, the temporary difference resulting from the difference between the assets/liabilities in accounting terms and the assets/liabilities in tax terms is disclosed by item and explained with details.
does not engage in any unlawful act of tax avoidance, any violation of the tax law, and false reporting, faithfully observing the obligation to pay taxes.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Provides the world-class Olympic telecom services
For RHBs(Rights Holding Broadcasters) and IBC, fixed telecom network is provided
Olympic Telecom Infrastructure provided by 5pilot services will be provided in Olympic venues
during the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics
How long does it take to download a 1video with 5G?
State-of-the art 5services via 5NetworkCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Employees
is trying to improve national and global environments through its innovative services.
Talent Management: Vision and Promotion System
As the internal and external business environments change rapidly in terms of technological progress, market globalization, and customer demand, it’s very important for to secure global professionals who will take the initiative in innovation. secures professionals through recruitment without discrimination, helps all employees grow into innovative talent via its systematic talent development program along with various welfare systems through which every employee can pursue the balance between work and life under a safe work environment. We make every effort to improve corporate value and take full responsibility as a model company who will contribute to the enhancement of the ‘quality of human life.’
Who has Talent?
People who stick to basics and rules and constantly communicate
and challenge with grit to realize customer value!
People who continuously challenge the status quo
Don’t yield to hardship and misfortune but continue to challenge the goal and make it to the top level. Lead change and innovation and implement differentiated services.
People who communicate without walls
Actively communicate with colleagues and continuously try to grow and develop. Mutually cooperate and create synergy for the success of KT.
People who respect customers
Think customer interest and satisfaction first in every job. Respect customers and keep promise to them.
People who stick to basics and rules
Take pride and think that you are the owner of the company in doing your job. Act in accordance with ethical judgment and take responsibility for results.
Talent Management System
Train Innovative People
1. Securing talent without discrimination
Hire people fairly and transparently, protect human rights and pursue H/diversification
2. Developing innovative people
3. Fair assessment and compensation
Compensate people based on a fair assessment process and result
Balance between Work and Family
1. Various welfare programs
Run various welfare activities to give employees convenience and motivation
2. Corporate culture of communication and trust
Make a trusting corporate culture based on communication and cohesion
3. Health and security
Create a healthy workplace through organized health and safety systemCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is implementing social contributions centered on people, society and culture.
Better People
is deploying based social contribution activities such as Supporters and Dream School to make the world a place where anyone can get equal opportunity and dream a new dream and promoting employee volunteer corps and a variety of scholarship.
Supporters
Supporters, which will celebrate its 10th anniversary this year, is Korea’s first pro bono activity. All current and former employees, using their talents through Supporters, are providing information-vulnerable social groups with nationwide education to narrow the information gap.
Dream School
Dream School and its mentors (retirees and foreign students), using the interactive mentoring platform built with video conference system in 2013, takes the lead in mentoring children and youth from vulnerable social groups and narrowing the educational gap.
Scholarship
started its scholarship program in 1988 and has implemented a variety of programs such as 'Creative Innovative Leader Scholarship' and 'Labor-Management Youth Scholarship'. Since 2014, the company has not just been awarding scholarships but also providing mentoring to youth through Dream School.
Love Volunteers
‘Love Volunteers,’ a employees volunteer group headed by the CEO, is promoting various voluntary services such as supporting the community’s child center, helping the underprivileged of the community, supporting disaster recovery, offering helping hands to farming and fishing villages, checking community centers and giving experience education through facilities.
* Pro Bono: a service that uses the specific skills of professionals to provide services to those who are unable to afford them.
Better Society
is resolving the imbalance from local gap through Story, Dongja Hope Sharing Center and Ggoompoom Center, helping anyone enjoy benefits.
GiStory Project
Story, which is a representative social contribution program promoted through KT’s creative and innovative ideas, will provide infrastructure and customized solution to islands and highlands experiencing a significant digital divide and improve the life of local people in terms of education, culture, economy and environment.
Dongja Hope Sharing Center
Dongja Hope Sharing Center is a cultural complex established in Dongja-dong, Yongsan-gu, a representative flophouse area in Seoul, in 2014. Since its opening, the center has become a place where local people solve basic living inconveniences and relax, which has provided positive changes to the community.
Ggoompoom Center
The company has run Ggoompoom Centers using unused space in the 21 branch buildings nationwide since 2010. Ggoompoom Centers are equipped with IPTVs, beam projectors and other devices to provide children of vulnerable social groups with education in English, music, culture and art.
Universal Service
Universal Service means a basic telecom service at the right price provided for every user anytime and anywhere. provides basic telecom services such as local call, public phone, island communication and marine radio to fulfill responsibilities as a national company.
Better Life
contributes to spreading the ‘Voice’ around the world as a telecom service provider which delivers voice with radio waves. To do that, the company is running Chamberhall and Square, to help narrow the cultural gap and use the ticket proceeds in ‘Voice Back.’
Chamberhall
Chamberhall is a classical theater opened in 2009 for the purpose of spreading beautiful ‘voice’ to the public. All performance proceeds are used for the social contribution program, ‘Voice Back,’ to help cure hearing-impaired children.
Square
Square, an cultural complex opened on the first floor of KT’s Gwanghwamun building in May 2010, gives people the opportunity to experience KT’s latest devices and services for free and provides culture/rest space such as cafe, Dream Hall performance, telecom museum and 5technology exhibition.
Getting voice back to the hearing-impaired
Since 2003, KT, considering the characteristics of a telecom business, has deployed ‘Voice Back’ to get the voice back to the hearing-impaired children of low-income groups who have difficulties in communicating. The program largely separates treatment support, rehabilitation support and family support.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is achieving healthy economic development through transparent and ethical management.
Consolidated Risk Management
In 2004, installed an exclusive risk management organization to promote consolidated risk management across the company and has expanded the practice to business departments and fields. Also, the company re-established a risk management system with a comprehensive plan in 2014, to minimize companywide risks and manages 5 risks in strategy, finance, operations, regulations and incident together. To cope with possible risks efficiently, the company establishes preventive measures and consequence management process by risk, assigns risk owners and lets them take responsibility for proactive and reactive responses, and organizes a task force and lets them deal with major risks when they occur.
Risk Management and Response Process
Proactive Risk Management
and minimize occurrence of risk by taking appropriate control.
In charge
the risk management will lead corresponding action.
In charge
Risk management, if a risk occurs
* (Knowledge Management): to database all information produced in the process of recognizing, responding and assessing risks and use it to manage and address risks afterwards.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is achieving healthy economic development through transparent and ethical management.
Lead Corporate Governance Structure
has adopted the recommended best practices of corporate governance corresponding to global standards and established a transparent corporate governance led by a professional manager and independent In particular, the company divided the role of and Chairperson and established an objective, independent governance in 2002. Also, it enacted and proclaimed the ‘Corporate Governance Charter’ in 2007 to promote companywide transparent management. As a result of our continuous efforts, we have maintained the top grade in (Environment, Social, Governance) assessment category sponsored by the Korean Corporate Governance Service (CGS) since 2011 and let the public know of our transparent and healthy corporate image.
Organize and Ensure its Independence
corporate governance is to realize ‘Independent Board of Directors.’ consists of 11 directors - 8 outside and 3 inside - so that transparent decision can be made through efficient check and professional advice. For Chairperson & CEO, the Board will recommend a candidate and then a general meeting of shareholders will decide whether to appoint (Article 33 of Articles of Association). The chairperson of the board of directors, one outside director, will be appointed by resolution according to job description of Chairperson (Article 39 of Articles of Association). For inside directors other than the chairperson, the chairperson will get the BOD’s consent and recommend one out of management executives to the general meeting of shareholders every year.
[Governance Structure Model]
Transparent Governance
Separate and chairperson (proportion of outside directors 73%)
Appoint outside directors for all audit, assessment and compensation, and internal trading commission Members
Transparency in procedures of appointment of outside directors
Run candidate recommendation committee for outside directors
Use investigation agency for outside director candidates
Give special authority to outside directors
Assess management contract and propose dismissal
Decide how to pay remuneration to and inside directors
[2] Increase Shareholder Value
Protect Shareholder
[3] Responsible management by
The Board recommends candidates
evaluates his/her business results annually
Compensation and Dismissal
Decide compensation linked to business performance
If performance is unsatisfactory, may propose his/her  dismissal during a shareholders’ meeting.
With regard to outside directors, the outside director candidate recommendation committee will recommend one to the general meeting of shareholders considering board diversity and complementarity skills. The committee recommends the best experts from various fields who can give professional advice according to rigorous recommendation standards. The Chairperson will come from the pool of outside directors and be appointed by the resolution for its independence, and his/her term is 1 year. The Articles of Association and responsibilities are displayed in the homepage, and any document with disclosure obligation by law is disclosed in the periodically.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is pursuing economic prosperity, social progress and environment preservation through its professional management
and creating an environment that is conducive to a sustainable future where businesses and societies enjoy mutual benefits.
The world faces the biggest challenge in human history due to the intertwining factors of global climate change, demographic changes, deep exhaustion of resources and technological development. has established a long-term sustainable management strategy to focus on developing innovative technologies and capabilities and improve sustainability for humanity and the world. To efficiently execute this strategy companywide, it was Korea’s first telecom company to install a ‘Sustainable Management Committee’ in the in April 2016. In addition, the company newly installed the sustainable management unit, an executive organization to implement the strategy and ensure timely execution, and run it with consultations from the Sustainable Management Committee, an exclusive advisory body.
Shared Growth Committee(Mutual Growth policies,Conciliate supplier dispute,Cope with regulations)
Grup Ethical Management Committee(Manage sustainable management related pre-risks)
Stakeholder Engagement Process
stakeholder means an individual or a group with an interest or concern in business directly or indirectly. has defined 8 major stakeholders in terms of business and function to efficiently communicate with them and reflect main issues in management activities while listening to their concerns and demands through various communication channels. Particularly, the company extended the scope of conventional stakeholder - customers, employees, suppliers and communities - to ‘environment,’ drawn new issues such as climate change and energy and used them in establishing strategies.
Customers’ health and safety
(Voice of Customers)
Operation of offline customer survey (periodic surveys of 3 times a year, non-periodic surveys of 4~5 times a year)
Operation of periodic online customer surveys (twice a year)
Operation of a team of undergraduates engaging in hands-on experience of goods (in operation for 8 months a year)
Household panels
Operation of a team of customers for product verification (throughout the year)
Operation of a team of undergraduate mobile futurists (MFs) (about 20 occasions a year)
Employees
Human resources development
Complaint registration committees (252 committees)
Management information sessions (monthly)
2030-informal meetings with management (frequently)
Meeting for communication (monthly)
Operation of in-house on/offline communication space (throughout the year)
: Background images for PCs, toilet messages, posters, in-house portals, idea Wiki, etc.
Operation of Opinion Leader Group (throughout the year)
: Blue Board, Culture Leader, EFT, etc.
Cooperating Companies
Shared growth
Partner's Day (annually)
Supply Chain Management (SCM) consultative group by items (monthly/quarterly)
Equipment quality consultations (quarterly)
Invitational meetings, luncheon meetings; business practice exchanges (frequently)
Local Community
Informal meetings, questionnaire-based surveys, SNS, homepage
Provision of support for local centers for children (by KT’s Kkumpum Center)
education (frequently)
Regulatory and competitive environment
Management information sessions with the (annually)
Announcement of performance results (quarterly public announcement, conference call)
news (once or twice a month)
Domestic/overseas corporate information sessions (NDR, frequently)
Operation of homepage
Disclosure of information through mass media
Press release (frequently)
Operation of online public relations channels
Academic Experts and Scholars
Open innovation
Operation of ‘DigiEco,’ an research site (at all times)
Joint research with universities/research institutes
Operation of Hall, ‘Future On’ (at all times)
Operation of GCCEI, Gyeonggi Center for Creative Economy & Innovation (at all times)
Workers in environmental sectors
Development of environment-friendly services
Environmental Management Committee (frequently)
Verification of greenhouse gas emission (twice a year, scope 1, 2, 3)
Coping with and public announcements (annually)Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is pursuing economic prosperity, social progress and environment preservation through its professional management
and creating an environment that is conducive to a sustainable future where businesses and societies enjoy mutual benefits.
has issued an ‘Integrated Report’ combining annual report and sustainable management report annually since 2006 to report business status and long-term strategies, economic profitability, social responsibility and environmental soundness. Integrated Report shall comply with comprehensive criteria of (Global Reporting Initiative) G4 Guidelines, an international sustainable management report guideline, and includes the integrated reporting framework of International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) when it’s issued. We will continue to create new values and actively implement sustainable management with our stakeholders.
2018 Integrated ReportsCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
The company is providing best customer experience through its innovative products and services.
Innovation through Empowerment
convergence and technological development will change the paradigm of existing industries, and we face a new business opportunity. has defined ‘empowerment’ as its unique corporate culture in 2014 to lead the fast-changing telecom market and provide differentiated customer value and has implemented innovation across the company, turning into the global No. 1 In particular, the company is innovating work environment in a way that the empowerment lets employees use their creativity and passion and be absorbed in their work in an efficient and active manner. Also, we give authority to fields - branch and center - where they meet customers in person to let them provide quick and accurate services customers want, and prepare specific guidelines.
Empowerment Enhancing Program
runs a variety of programs to diffuse innovation through empowerment. ‘No. 1 Workshop’, a representative communication and cooperation channel, helps find and improve fundamental issues in the field, innovates ways of working and makes the empowerment installed as a unique corporate culture. ‘No. 1 Teaming’, a.k.a. ‘Make No. 1 Team Program’ for people who work energetically on a strong team, helps encourage field employees by enhancing teamwork and boosting communication and providing innovative customer services.
“Innovation through Empowerment”
No. 1 Workshop
Key Results
The No. 1 Workshop, which started in September 2014, is done in the form of a debate and comes up  with actual tasks for all group employees.
It plays a role as catalyst to accelerate change and innovation and fosters EFT(Empowering Facilitator)  who may draw the willingness of participants and facilitate the debate.
Expected Effects
Strengthening power of execution for management philosophy, vision and core value
ncreasing co-work between departments and execution power, contributing to improvement of  performance
No. 1 Teaming
Key Results
It is a teamwork enhancement program started as 'Empowering Seminar' in April 2015, and 3,350 employees have participated throughout 101 sessions so far and formed a consensus on practicing empowerment.
Also, 1,623 employees from 149 teams have participated in the ‘Teaming-Up’ test in October 2015 and got help in boosting morale and promoting communication.
Expected Effects
Lay the groundwork for positive outcome through boosting team morale
Establish a foothold to be ‘customer-perceived’ No. 1 through morale boost in customer interaction centersCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is now always ready for close cooperation with you.
In rapidly changing industry environment, forming a strategic partnership is indispensable for all of businesses. Accordingly, has established strategic partnerships with a lot of corporations and governments all over the world. is now always ready for close cooperation with you, and hopes you could create synergy with us to expand your business in today’s competitive market.
Partnership Process
Partnership Formation
Representative Partnership with Türk Telekom Group
and Türk Telekom pledged to establish standards for 5wireless technology.
has successfully introduced Gito Turkey, and Gi4.5(Türk Telekom’s brand) was launched on April 1, 2016.
with Türk Telekom (February, 2016)
Türk Telekom’s Gi4.5(April, 2016)Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Human Rights
is trying to improve national and global environments through its innovative services.
Declare Human Rights Policy
KT, as a global telecom service provider, officially supports such human rights and labor related global standards as Universal Declaration of Human Rights by the UN, Third-party Convention, Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. joined the Global Compact, an international treaty on social responsibility, in 2008 and has been actively practicing across the business 10 principles in the 4 areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption. Furthermore, we believe that human rights policy of businesses should evolve beyond traditional human rights protection to the promise and effort on improvement of human rights. We established the ‘Human Rights Policy’ including our willingness to protect and improve human rights in June 2017 to make the world a place where all people enjoy the benefit of innovative modern conveniences and pursue happiness.
Human Rights Risk Assessment and Inspection System
has established and run its organization, operations structure, monitoring, measures and internal and external report processes according to human rights due diligence procedures provided by the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to pre-identify possible violations of human rights in the operation processes and entire value chain and minimize negative impact on human rights. For this, the company developed <Human Rights Risk Exposure Assessment Framework> based on the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights in 2013 and conducts human rights risk assessment for all businesses every year. Also, the company developed and runs human rights risk assessment and due diligence processes for all business areas and protects human rights.
Human Rights Risk Assessment and Inspection System-Company(Direct company activity),All Empolyees,Subsidiaries,Value Chain(Value chain(upstream)),                 Suppliers,Subcontractors,Distribution,Customer,Protect Human Rights-Basic human rights/Labor rights(Human Rights protection),                 Promote Human Rights(Extend to human rights promotion)
Company(Direct company activity)
Value Chain(Value chain(upstream)))
Due Diligence 1
Evaluate Posicy/System
Evaluate business/Services
Due Diligence 2
Evaluate levels of policy/system/reporting
Assess product/service Risks
Promote Human Rights(Extend to human rights promotion) Due Diligence 5
protecting personal infomation(year-rund / mandatory)
Protect internal/affiliates' personal infomation
Protect customer/company/network/service Information
Human Rights Relief Process
is implementing integrated human rights management throughout the value chain covering affiliates, suppliers, upstream and downstream to protect and improve human rights. We need a mutual trust based cooperation with suppliers, subcontractors and business partners to minimize the negative impact and maximize the positive impact on human rights in the entire value chain. Also, we actively apply best practices to protection and improvement of human rights and share the knowledge with the entire value chain.
Human Rights Relief Process-Company(Direct company activity),All Empolyees,Subsidiaries,Value Chain(Value chain(upstream),Value Chain Expansion(Value chain(downstream),                 Distribution,Customer,Rights Protection-Basic human rights/Labor rights(Human Rights protection),                 Human Rights(Extend to human rights promotions)
Company(Direct company activity)
Value Chain(Value chain(upstream)))
Remediation 1
Have human rights management training KT/affiliates
Have human rights management training for suppliers
Implement human rights management campaingn for distribution network customers
Remediation 3
Remediation 2
Remediation 2
Promote Human Rights(Extend to human rights promotion)
Remediation 5
supplier Grow-together ProgramCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Health & Safety
is trying to improve national and global environments through its innovative services.
Preventive Safety and Health Promotion System
is strengthening its safety and health system to create a working environment where all employees can work safely To do this, the company has built a systematic cooperation system between centers and divisions, continued to hold quarterly safety council meetings, established occupational safety and health plan for all, and implemented detailed plan in the field accordingly. The company also runs an in-house psychological therapy center to manage stress at work, measures the stress index of all employees in cooperation with a professional agency every year and conducts customized stress management accordingly. We additionally offer comprehensive medical checkups for all employees and their spouses more than once a year and try to do early diagnosis for diseases and regular health care.
Establishing Preventive Safety and Health System
Safety
1. Establish occupational safety and health plan
Establish occupational safety and health plan for every organization every year
Execute plan details in the field
2. Hold safety council meeting
Hold safety council meeting quarterly
Establish close cooperation system between centers and divisions
3. Hold “safety check day” monthly
Prepare seasonal safety theme such as cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), health check, prevention of food poisoning and traffic accidents
Health
Run the psychological therapy center ‘Hearim’ in the company
Do stress index test for employees and manage it year-round through monitoring
5. Grievance procedures and communication channel
Operate a grievance resolution website ‘119’ year-round
Run various communication channels via intranet, video, campaign, and one-on-one counseling
6. Health and well-being
Do comprehensive medical checkup for all employees and their spouses once a year
Run programs such as smart working, in-house nursery facilities and refresh leaveCountry (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Major Environmental Agenda
is trying to improve national and global environments through its innovative services.
To contribute to environment protection and improvement in the course of doing business, defines main environmental management agendas according to target, scope, characteristics and impact of environmental management and manages them accordingly. The company is committed to preventing possible negative environmental impact by its operations and entire value chain and maximize positive environmental impact.
Have environment education for all employees / suppliers
Today, the climate change is a mega trend to trigger environmental risks such as exhaustion of energy resources and shortage of water and poses a big threat to sustainable development of humanity. is actively responding to climate change by implementing a variety of activities and policies.
Energy Efficiency
Expand new and renewable energy Use solar/geothermal energy
Energy costs continue to rise due to depletion of fossil fuels and regulations for GHGs and have serious impacts on cost side of businesses. The company is improving energy efficiency and expanding energy diversification policies into more use of new and renewable energy.
Resource Efficiency
Find and apply waste reducing items
Improve water efficiency
Find and apply water reducing items
Natural resources on earth are limited, and cost of buying natural resources and raw materials is expected to rise gradually. has established and run a management and assessment system for improving resource efficiency to preserve resources and cut cost.
Eco-friendly Supply Chain Management
Analyze environmental performance of company building / data center
Improve energy efficiency of company building
Assess and follow up environmental management for supply chain
Expand green Purchasing
tracks, gathers, analyzes and monitors environmental performance of all operations to minimize possible negative environmental impact on the entire operation process and value chain, and also makes an effort to spread environmental management to the entire value chain through its supply chain efficiency assessment.
Environmental services
Smart Energy
Smart Business
Smart Transportation
Smart Industry
Smart Agriculture
The company is making a sustainable home for humanity by actively improving the environment through development of eco-friendly technology and provision of innovative services and realizing the balance between nature and humanity and between environmental protection and economic development.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
The company is providing best customer experience through its innovative products and services.
Protecting customer information is the No. 1 principle to us who thinks of Customer First Management as core value. is strengthening customer information protection system to cope with sophistication·intellectualization of security threat in a preemptive and structural manner. To do this, the company has re-acquired Information Security Management System (ISMS) certification every year since first acquired in 2013 and has established its customer information protection system according to national standards. The company performs medium security checks for customer information system and suppliers and enhances technical and managerial protection standards for customer information.
Customer Services for Information Protection
provides a variety of information protection services to protect customers against smishing and prevent possible data leak due to smartphone loss. We run a separate system through which customers can check information and use history and an information protection email through which customers can send questions and receive answers about personal information.
Main Customer Information Protection Services table
Olleh Smishing Blocker App
It’ll encourage the user to delete an app with malware or possible malware in case such app is installed.
Consumer Damage Relief Center
special counselor will consult with you about smishing damage and small payment fraud
Olleh Safe SMS
In case of receiving a notice, guide, for-ad or from KT, it will display ‘Safe’ on it telling you there is no illegal element in it.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is achieving healthy economic development through transparent and ethical management.
Establish Ethical Management System
[1] Ethical Management Practices
Take an oath of practice for new ethical management principles
Distribute handbooks of employees’ code of conduct for companywide risk management
Monitoring
[2] Ethical Management Education Campaign
Education
Lecture on ethical management (by head of the organization)
Campaign
Holiday Clean campaign
Prevention Channel
[New Ethical Management Principles]
"No. 1 New Ethical Management Principles”
『We plan our future with valid decision making and ethical judgment to grow into global No. 1』.
For this, we consider 「customer first, compliance, stick to basics, ownership and social responsibility」 the 5 codes of conduct of ethical management all people must share and adhere to and take our oath to practice them.
New Ethical Management Principles
1-1. Respect customer value and information and protect them thoroughly.
1-2. Continue to create differentiated value helpful to customers.
Principle 02Compliance
We strictly comply with regulations and standards.
2-1. Act fairly and cleanly in accordance with laws and business ethics.
2-2. Keep business transparent and thoroughly protect company secrets.
Principle 03Stick to Basics
We stick to basics and principles.
3-1. Decide reasonably and objectively in terms of company profit and act responsibly.
3-2. Keep the public and private separate and take the lead in making a sound and clean organizational culture.
Principle 04Ownership
We take ownership that the company and me are the same.
4-1. Don’t be afraid of failure and always challenge the best.
4-2. Pursue improvement of efficiency through autonomy and empowerment.
Principle 05Social Responsibility
We take full social responsibility as a national company.
5-1. Protect shareholders’ rights and interests and make every effort to improve the「quality of life」 of all employees.
5-2. Regard highly and respect environment, safety and human rights.
5-3. Lead the way to social contribution and establish the grow-together relationship with business partners.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Environmental Performances
is trying to improve national and global environments through its innovative services.
Vision, and Promotion System
Globally spreading environmental issues such as climate change, exhaustion of energy and resources and shortage of water pose a serious threat to humanity. Businesses, as members of society, are responsible for protecting our environment which is the basis of all business activities. Furthermore, we believe that environmental management policy of businesses should be changed from ‘Do Not Harm’ status which will not just degrade the environment to ‘Do Good’ status which will actively improve the environment through development and provision of eco-friendly technology and services. has established its ‘Environmental Management Policy’ containing the vision and strategies to protect and improve the environment in June 2017, through which the company will realize coexistence of nature and human beings and of environment protection and economic development through innovative technology and the creation of a sustainable home for humanity.
Pursue minimizing environmental impact by and maximizing environmental benefit by at the same time
and reach a carbon-free company by 2020 by developing and providing innovative eco-friendly services.
Risk Factor Minimizing Environmental Impact through operations
Business Factor Maximizing Environmental Benefit through services
Main Environmental Management Agenda
Carbon neutrality management Carbon footprint/Offset Monitor and educate environmental performance Regulate•assess environment
Agenda 2 Energy Efficiency
Manage energy efficiency Find energy reducing items Manage efficiency of data center New and Renewable Energy
Agenda 3 Resource Efficiency
Agenda 4 Eco-friendly SCM
Agenda 5 Environmental Services
Smart Energy Smart Business Smart Transportation Smart Industry Smart Agriculture
Environmental Management Organization
newly installed ‘Sustainable Management Committee’ in the in April 2016, through which promotes strategic and capable environmental management activities. Also, the company has been improving company-wide execution via Environmental Management Committee under the committee. Environmental Management Committee runs 5 subcommittees including climate change response, energy efficiency, resource efficiency, operational excellence and environmental services to effectively implement the 5 environmental management agendas presented by Environmental Management Policy. The committee meets periodically and plays a key role in discussing the environmental management agenda and establishing execution strategies from a companywide perspective.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
is pursuing economic prosperity, social progress and environment preservation through its professional management
and creating an environment that is conducive to a sustainable future where businesses and societies enjoy mutual benefits.
KT, as a globally responsible telecom company, is promoting sustainable management across the company to create a sustainable future for humanity as demonstrated by its international partnership with the Global Compact and implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals. KT’s innovative activities and performances in economic·environmental·social aspect have been highly praised by the world renowned sustainability assessment indexes such as and CDP, which has established the company as a global telecom service provider.
Infection Prevention Project
Infection Prevention Project
“Infectious disease is one of the biggest challenges facing the planet.                   We need to find ways to stop the spread. discovered that roaming data offers a way out.
Utilizing critical travel pattern information contained in roaming data,                   we can identify if someone visited affected areas. So,
built a system that collects and transfers roaming data to centers                   for disease control and prevention, which then alerts individual travelers                   to take appropriate preventive measures.
This system contributes to systematically controlling the spread of infectious diseases.
Last year, implemented the system in Korea and signed an Mowith the Global Compact to take this system globally.
Today, we encourage telecommunications companies and partners around the world to join our efforts to protect                   humanity from infectious diseases.”
View subtitles
KT, with its big data, is promoting a project to prevent the spread of infectious diseases, which is getting attention and support
from the global community. The company is providing innovative solutions to implement the promotion of health, the UN’s 3rd goal for sustainable development.
Implementing Sustainable Development Goals
MediaSDG
Sustainable cities
Sustainable Development Goals are the UN’s 17 mid- to long-term development objectives to solve global economic·environmental·social issues during the period from 2016 to 2030. actively supports and participates in the Sustainable Development Goals of making life on Earth better by providing Giinfrastructure and innovative technology·services. To realize the new sustainable plan, the company is committed to achieving those core objectives closely related to telecom business.
Officially Signing and Endorsing the Global Compact
Human RightsRespect human rights, prevent human rights violations
LaborGuarantee freedom of association, eliminate forced labor Abolish child labor, prohibit discrimination
EnvironmentProtect environment, increase environmental responsibility, develop eco-friendly technologies
Anti-corruptionOppose all types of corruption
joined the Global Compact, an international treaty on social responsibility in 2008 to take on the roles and responsibilities of a responsible corporate citizen. The company actively practices 10 principles in the 4 areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption and secured policy basis by establishing new ethical management principles, human rights policy, and environmental management policy. We are spreading the principles of Global Compact across the company and value chain and creating common social value.
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) Global Top-tier
2009Admitted to Asia-Pacific
2013Selected as a Industry Leader for 3 consecutive years
(World No. 1 in telecom industry)
2016Selected to Gold Class
(top 1% in world telecom industry)
joined the world renowned assessment in 2009, which evaluates internal and external sustainable management capabilities and promotes internal improvement. Since 2010 when was first selected to participate in World, the company has gained the best evaluation result every year through continuous system improvement and sustainable management. It was selected as the global no. 1 telecom company for 3 consecutive years from 2011 to 2013, which enhanced its position as an industry leader. is an investment index and assessment model developed by Dow Jones & Company, an American financial information and publishing firm, and RobecoSAM, a Swiss investment company, and evaluates the world’s top 2,500 market cap companies in terms of economic, environmental and social sustainability every year.
Awarded Honors Club in Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)
2008Participated in CDP
(World No. 1 in telecom industry)
2015Awarded the carbon management honors club for 3 consecutive years
(World No. 1 in telecom industry)
2016Awarded the carbon management honors club for 4 consecutive years
(World No. 1 in telecom industry)
has promoted companywide environmental management based on environmental management policy and worked to make the telecom industry eco-friendly since 2008 by participating in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) annually. is the most-credible environmental management index for global companies which comprehensively assesses climate change response level, carbon management capabilities and carbon emissions. The company was selected as the No. 1 global telecom company with 100 points out of 100 scale in carbon disclosure for 2016, which recognized its effort to promote eco-friendly management and its outcome during the period.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
Electromagnetic Standards
is trying to improve national and global environments through its innovative services.
Comply with Electromagnetic Wave Standards and measure their intensity
As mobile communication gets wider and more diversified, is complying with standards to prevent possible negative impact on customer’s health. When it comes to installing cell towers, the company spontaneously measures intensity and reports it to the Ministry of Science, and Future Planning according to the Radio Waves Act. Also, we make sure to keep the intensity below levels, government standards of exposure limits,  by doing a thorough inspection. The company attaches a rating sticker to the cell tower after measuring and discloses it to the public according to the government’s announcement. And, we are working to achieve a zero-environment by developing eco-friendly cell tower installation methods in cooperation with and 3 mobile carriers.
What is Specific absorption rate (SAR)?
Specific absorption rate (SAR) is a measure of the rate at which energy is absorbed by the human body when exposed to a radio frequency (RF) electromagnetic field in using electronic devices - mobile phone, computer, microwave, etc.
You may check standards per body part in detail by international organization and main countries.
You may also check the accurate of your mobile phone.
Intensity of electromagnetic field from mobile phones may vary in accordance with the use environment and method. Please check the right way to use it.
Here are FAQs about electromagnetic waves. Please get more information about electromagnetic waves
Providing Information on Electromagnetic Waves and Gathering Opinions
makes every effort to not only provide safe mobile communication services through rigorous checks and management but create an environment where customers enjoy the services safely. measures the of every mobile phone it handles and sells only mobile phones having SARss below exposure limits, 1.6w/kg, to avoid health risks. When installing a new sending antenna in a residential or commercial area, the company must first ask for 100%. prior consent. For the intensity measurement area, it measures the intensity in accordance with the Radio Waves Act and then reports it to If a local resident asks for an additional measurement, we take precise measurements accordingly. With regard to any cell tower or repeater in the intensity measurement area, we shall disclose the measurement result to the website that is available to the public.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
2015.03 2015: Declaration 5Vision
2016.06 Released ‘PyeongChang 5specifications(SIG)
2016.10 ‘5First Call’ over 5Network
2017.01 Adoption of 5demo services as international standards
2017.02 MWC2017: The World’s first 5End-to-End service
2017.06 5World Award: Best network development
2017.10 World’s first 5connection(successful N/W-Device-Service Connection)
5Handover technology
As show, has continued to lead the industry in 5technology development, as well as the commercialization of the 5network
Olympic winter games PyeongChang 2018
showed the world’s first successful “5network demo-service” at the PyeongChand 2018.
5City: Experience a 5City of the near future
Mission Challenge: Challenge to escape the room made up of Mixed Reality(MR)
After PyeongChang
will move forward beyond the world’s first 5demo service,
To realize the World’s Best 5service
World First, World Best 5G
20152015 (5Vision Speech) & 2017 (Announcement of the Vision for the World's First 5Commercialization)
2015World’s First 5Common Specifications
2016First Successful 5Call
5Roadmap
5Commercialization Target set to 2019will start commercializing 5in March 2019, using the expertise and know-how acquired through the launch of the world’s first 5Service at the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
Driving 5aaPBy combining technologies, such as virtualization technology, 5will evolve beyond a simple network and grow into an integrated platform that will transform industries and change our lives.
Launch of an Open Labwill act as an incubator to create a 5ecosystem  in the short term. will not only create a R&lab to foster projects from idea development to technology testing, but also promote 5services and 5terminals development.
Leading 5Technology
is taking the lead in providing new technologies and services based on 5G's ultra high speed, ultra low latency, and hyper connectivity, thereby creating socio-economic value for the general public.
High Speed (20Gbps)
5is up to 20 times faster than Ultra high definition photos and large videos can be uploaded and downloaded in an instant.
It also became possible to experience realistic media such as AR/and Timeslice.
Low Latency (0.001second)
With a latency 10 times lower compared to LTE, 5makes real-time remote control possible.
It also enables sophisticated operations in cars and factories, and ensures public safety and stability on industrial sites.
connenctivity (106unit/km)
5can connect 10 million devices within a 1km radius, which is 10 times more than what allowed (100,000 devices within a kilometer).
The integrated services and connections between all objects in daily life, beyond smartphones and laptops, delivers ceaseless convenience.
함께 잡아 주 서비스 기지국이 끊기면 보조 기지국 신호로 끊김 없이 서비스를 제공합니다.
-->
5G.211 (5th Generation Radio Access; Physical channels and modulation) Download
5G.212 (5th Generation Radio Access; Multiplexing and channel coding) Download
5G.213 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer procedures) Download
5G.214 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer measurements) Download
5G.321 (5th Generation Radio Access, Medium Access Control protocol) Download
5G.322 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Link Control protocol) Download
5G.323 (5th Generation Radio Access, Packet Data Convergence Protocol ) Download
5G.331 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Resource Control) Download
5G.300 (5th Generation Radio Access, Overall Description) Download
R1-160836 Channel modeling methodology on above 6GHz Download
R1-160839 Additional features on above 6GHz Download
R1-160833 5channel modeling scenarios Download
The World’s First 5Pilot Service (PyeongChang)
The world’s first 5pilot services showcased at the 2018 PyeongChang winter Olympics were built upon 5network,
confirming KT’s 5leadership.
Construction 5trial network
KT, official communication partner fof the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics, established common 5specification and built a 5network in areas where the pilot services were provided, such as PyeongChang, Bogwang and Gwanghwamun. KT’s 5network provided the basis for various demonstration services.
5Performance
World’s first drone torch relay performance, during which a 5drone operated through the 5network carried the Olympic Torch.
Opening candlelight ceremony utilizing 5G’s hyper connectivity and low latency.
5Realistic Media Services
Timeslice, which enables users to view images taken simultaneously from different angles by multiple cameras.
Sync view, which provides real-time footage from the athletes’ point of view, in ultra-high-definition.
Omni view, a live broadcasting service which lets users choose an athlete to watch and the angle to view it from.
360° that let users watch the game live in 360° using 360° cameras and headsets.
5Showcase
5city, showing the city’s blueprint offer change based on 5network.
World’s first 5G- based attractions using mixed reality based on 5trial network, such as an Olympics escape room challenge and an ice hockey experience program.
Overview of the campaign
"All new beginning Start Here" is a campaign slogan encapsulating  our aspiration for the brave new world with KT’s 5network.
KT’s 5network’s quality was approved by global audience through   PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018.
5Network Technology will shape the new era with commercial 5Network adaptation.
5transforms South Korea
5transforms South Korea.
Simultaneous 5Network connection Assistance (for People)
5Connected Intelligence Robot.
Simultaneously connected Collaboration Robot assist people to work more safely,
With automated error detection and Glass’s remote repair service.
Automated Vehicle driven by 5Simultaneous Connection.
5Connected Car.
All new beginnings Start Here.
"All new beginnings Start Here"This advertisement marks the beginning of 5commercialization
and demonstrates KT’s commitment to create a whole new world with 5Network Technology.
Today’s technology for the good of Korea
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
Here is Youngjin 301.
fire broke out on the ship.
Please come quickly and rescue us.
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
How many people are in danger?
We might have to perform an intubation, so send 3 more people.
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
With the sea current, the field of vision is limited to 1000 meters.
will send the Skyhip first.
We can barely see anything because of the bad weather conditions.
- SkyShip: Rescue airship using communication network recovery and thermal cameras
< Incheon Coast Guard Situation Room >
The communication network has now been restored.
The ship’s position has been confirmed.
< Ship on Fire >
- Remote Support Service : Support Service through High-Definition Video Transmission in Real Time
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
Rescue team on site, you have to press down on the bleeding area.
KT, in collaboration with the Regional Trauma Center and the Korean Maritime Police, is leading the development of the country’s disaster prevention system with 5technologies.
Today's technology, for the good of Korea.
The ad said, "is leading the development of national disaster network along with regional trauma setters and
the Korea Coast Guard with its 5 g technology."
Suggesting that 5was desperately in need of South Korea.Based on the model of Professor Lee Kook-jong of the Center for Severe Treasuries, this ad emphasized rescue of survivors through 'Skitship' and 'remote support service'.
Hi Five! 5Pyeongchang Olympics Achievements
My heart is fluttering.
the amazing experiences successfully launched in Pyeongchang.
When we meet, let’s greet each other like that. Hi Five!
I’m 5G.
From now on, will meet you all across Korea.
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5which amazed the world in PyeongChang, is now going to meet you all over KOREA""PyeongChang Olympic performance", the first advertisement of the Hi-Five 5campaign, puts the light on various 5technologies: the dove of peace that caught the attention of people all over the world, Sync View and Timeslice.
With the operation of a 5self-driving bus in Pangyo, the creation of the 5stadium Wizpark in Suwon, and the installation of virtual reality games in the theme park VRIGHT, demonstrates that 5is not a technology that belongs to a distant future, but can be experienced right now.
[Hi Five! 5G] Autonomous Driving in Pangyo
If you’re in a 5self-driving car, there’s no need to worry when you cannot see ahead.
5will connect to other cars and traffic lights to ensure your car doesn’t miss road signals.
Thanks to real-time information sharing between vehicles, you will know in advance when sudden maneuvers are needed.
The 5network's high-precision position measurement allows more accurate autonomous travel.
Now you’ll be able to enjoy ultra-content without worrying about driving!
Come experience 5autonomous driving pilot service in Pangyo!
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5self-driving trial service, meet now in pangyo."In "5Pangyo self driving" ver. has been identified self-driving technology which connect and share traffic information between vehicles to proactively alert you to emergencies in any situation.
plans to continue "Hi Five! 5G" campaign in the coming years with various 5experience that 5will meet right now rather than technology in the distant future.
5all over Korea
will commercialize 5and provide customers with various 5services from March 2019.
Wizpark
In Suwon Wizpark, used the 5network to create a realistic broadcast for baseball fans by showing the catcher’s point of view (Sync view).
5self-driving bus in Pangyo
held an event in the city of Pangyo, allowing the public to ride a 5autonomous bus moving without any driver, and enjoy a variety of entertainment programs installed in self-driving cars.
Inter-Korean summit
The briefing of the inter-Korean summit was broadcasted in the press center via 5network. The 360° video transmitted in real time gave reporters the feeling that they were watching the event closely, even if they could not go directly.
VRIGHT
The theme parks “VRIGHT” located in Sinchon and Geondae, were created for visitors to enjoy and VR, considered as key technologies of the 5era. More parks are planned to be opened within the year.
5Robot in Lotte Tower
The 5robot installed at Seoul Sky, Lotte World Tower Observatory, provides information to visitors and navigates autonomously. Its abilities rely on artificial intelligence and 5ultra low latency.
Island Village
demonstrated how Giga Internet service can be provided in insular areas where wired network is difficult to install, using the 5WTTx solution and 5terminals.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
2015.03 2015: Declaration 5Vision
2016.06 Released ‘PyeongChang 5specifications(SIG)
2016.10 ‘5First Call’ over 5Network
2017.01 Adoption of 5demo services as international standards
2017.02 MWC2017: The World’s first 5End-to-End service
2017.06 5World Award: Best network development
2017.10 World’s first 5connection(successful N/W-Device-Service Connection)
5Handover technology
As show, has continued to lead the industry in 5technology development, as well as the commercialization of the 5network
Olympic winter games PyeongChang 2018
showed the world’s first successful “5network demo-service” at the PyeongChand 2018.
5City: Experience a 5City of the near future
Mission Challenge: Challenge to escape the room made up of Mixed Reality(MR)
After PyeongChang
will move forward beyond the world’s first 5demo service,
To realize the World’s Best 5service
World First, World Best 5G
20152015 (5Vision Speech) & 2017 (Announcement of the Vision for the World's First 5Commercialization)
2015World’s First 5Common Specifications
2016First Successful 5Call
5Roadmap
5Commercialization Target set to 2019will start commercializing 5in March 2019, using the expertise and know-how acquired through the launch of the world’s first 5Service at the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
Driving 5aaPBy combining technologies, such as virtualization technology, 5will evolve beyond a simple network and grow into an integrated platform that will transform industries and change our lives.
Launch of an Open Labwill act as an incubator to create a 5ecosystem  in the short term. will not only create a R&lab to foster projects from idea development to technology testing, but also promote 5services and 5terminals development.
Leading 5Technology
is taking the lead in providing new technologies and services based on 5G's ultra high speed, ultra low latency, and hyper connectivity, thereby creating socio-economic value for the general public.
High Speed (20Gbps)
5is up to 20 times faster than Ultra high definition photos and large videos can be uploaded and downloaded in an instant.
It also became possible to experience realistic media such as AR/and Timeslice.
Low Latency (0.001second)
With a latency 10 times lower compared to LTE, 5makes real-time remote control possible.
It also enables sophisticated operations in cars and factories, and ensures public safety and stability on industrial sites.
connenctivity (106unit/km)
5can connect 10 million devices within a 1km radius, which is 10 times more than what allowed (100,000 devices within a kilometer).
The integrated services and connections between all objects in daily life, beyond smartphones and laptops, delivers ceaseless convenience.
함께 잡아 주 서비스 기지국이 끊기면 보조 기지국 신호로 끊김 없이 서비스를 제공합니다.
-->
5G.211 (5th Generation Radio Access; Physical channels and modulation) Download
5G.212 (5th Generation Radio Access; Multiplexing and channel coding) Download
5G.213 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer procedures) Download
5G.214 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer measurements) Download
5G.321 (5th Generation Radio Access, Medium Access Control protocol) Download
5G.322 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Link Control protocol) Download
5G.323 (5th Generation Radio Access, Packet Data Convergence Protocol ) Download
5G.331 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Resource Control) Download
5G.300 (5th Generation Radio Access, Overall Description) Download
R1-160836 Channel modeling methodology on above 6GHz Download
R1-160839 Additional features on above 6GHz Download
R1-160833 5channel modeling scenarios Download
The World’s First 5Pilot Service (PyeongChang)
The world’s first 5pilot services showcased at the 2018 PyeongChang winter Olympics were built upon 5network,
confirming KT’s 5leadership.
Construction 5trial network
KT, official communication partner fof the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics, established common 5specification and built a 5network in areas where the pilot services were provided, such as PyeongChang, Bogwang and Gwanghwamun. KT’s 5network provided the basis for various demonstration services.
5Performance
World’s first drone torch relay performance, during which a 5drone operated through the 5network carried the Olympic Torch.
Opening candlelight ceremony utilizing 5G’s hyper connectivity and low latency.
5Realistic Media Services
Timeslice, which enables users to view images taken simultaneously from different angles by multiple cameras.
Sync view, which provides real-time footage from the athletes’ point of view, in ultra-high-definition.
Omni view, a live broadcasting service which lets users choose an athlete to watch and the angle to view it from.
360° that let users watch the game live in 360° using 360° cameras and headsets.
5Showcase
5city, showing the city’s blueprint offer change based on 5network.
World’s first 5G- based attractions using mixed reality based on 5trial network, such as an Olympics escape room challenge and an ice hockey experience program.
Overview of the campaign
"All new beginning Start Here" is a campaign slogan encapsulating  our aspiration for the brave new world with KT’s 5network.
KT’s 5network’s quality was approved by global audience through   PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018.
5Network Technology will shape the new era with commercial 5Network adaptation.
5transforms South Korea
5transforms South Korea.
Simultaneous 5Network connection Assistance (for People)
5Connected Intelligence Robot.
Simultaneously connected Collaboration Robot assist people to work more safely,
With automated error detection and Glass’s remote repair service.
Automated Vehicle driven by 5Simultaneous Connection.
5Connected Car.
All new beginnings Start Here.
"All new beginnings Start Here"This advertisement marks the beginning of 5commercialization
and demonstrates KT’s commitment to create a whole new world with 5Network Technology.
Today’s technology for the good of Korea
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
Here is Youngjin 301.
fire broke out on the ship.
Please come quickly and rescue us.
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
How many people are in danger?
We might have to perform an intubation, so send 3 more people.
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
With the sea current, the field of vision is limited to 1000 meters.
will send the Skyhip first.
We can barely see anything because of the bad weather conditions.
- SkyShip: Rescue airship using communication network recovery and thermal cameras
< Incheon Coast Guard Situation Room >
The communication network has now been restored.
The ship’s position has been confirmed.
< Ship on Fire >
- Remote Support Service : Support Service through High-Definition Video Transmission in Real Time
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
Rescue team on site, you have to press down on the bleeding area.
KT, in collaboration with the Regional Trauma Center and the Korean Maritime Police, is leading the development of the country’s disaster prevention system with 5technologies.
Today's technology, for the good of Korea.
The ad said, "is leading the development of national disaster network along with regional trauma setters and
the Korea Coast Guard with its 5 g technology."
Suggesting that 5was desperately in need of South Korea.Based on the model of Professor Lee Kook-jong of the Center for Severe Treasuries, this ad emphasized rescue of survivors through 'Skitship' and 'remote support service'.
Hi Five! 5Pyeongchang Olympics Achievements
My heart is fluttering.
the amazing experiences successfully launched in Pyeongchang.
When we meet, let’s greet each other like that. Hi Five!
I’m 5G.
From now on, will meet you all across Korea.
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5which amazed the world in PyeongChang, is now going to meet you all over KOREA""PyeongChang Olympic performance", the first advertisement of the Hi-Five 5campaign, puts the light on various 5technologies: the dove of peace that caught the attention of people all over the world, Sync View and Timeslice.
With the operation of a 5self-driving bus in Pangyo, the creation of the 5stadium Wizpark in Suwon, and the installation of virtual reality games in the theme park VRIGHT, demonstrates that 5is not a technology that belongs to a distant future, but can be experienced right now.
[Hi Five! 5G] Autonomous Driving in Pangyo
If you’re in a 5self-driving car, there’s no need to worry when you cannot see ahead.
5will connect to other cars and traffic lights to ensure your car doesn’t miss road signals.
Thanks to real-time information sharing between vehicles, you will know in advance when sudden maneuvers are needed.
The 5network's high-precision position measurement allows more accurate autonomous travel.
Now you’ll be able to enjoy ultra-content without worrying about driving!
Come experience 5autonomous driving pilot service in Pangyo!
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5self-driving trial service, meet now in pangyo."In "5Pangyo self driving" ver. has been identified self-driving technology which connect and share traffic information between vehicles to proactively alert you to emergencies in any situation.
plans to continue "Hi Five! 5G" campaign in the coming years with various 5experience that 5will meet right now rather than technology in the distant future.
5all over Korea
will commercialize 5and provide customers with various 5services from March 2019.
Wizpark
In Suwon Wizpark, used the 5network to create a realistic broadcast for baseball fans by showing the catcher’s point of view (Sync view).
5self-driving bus in Pangyo
held an event in the city of Pangyo, allowing the public to ride a 5autonomous bus moving without any driver, and enjoy a variety of entertainment programs installed in self-driving cars.
Inter-Korean summit
The briefing of the inter-Korean summit was broadcasted in the press center via 5network. The 360° video transmitted in real time gave reporters the feeling that they were watching the event closely, even if they could not go directly.
VRIGHT
The theme parks “VRIGHT” located in Sinchon and Geondae, were created for visitors to enjoy and VR, considered as key technologies of the 5era. More parks are planned to be opened within the year.
5Robot in Lotte Tower
The 5robot installed at Seoul Sky, Lotte World Tower Observatory, provides information to visitors and navigates autonomously. Its abilities rely on artificial intelligence and 5ultra low latency.
Island Village
demonstrated how Giga Internet service can be provided in insular areas where wired network is difficult to install, using the 5WTTx solution and 5terminals.Country (Local Area)
100 extension 8
02-570-7800
※ Koreasat-3 Steerable-beam can cover any location in Asia and Middle-East.
2015.03 2015: Declaration 5Vision
2016.06 Released ‘PyeongChang 5specifications(SIG)
2016.10 ‘5First Call’ over 5Network
2017.01 Adoption of 5demo services as international standards
2017.02 MWC2017: The World’s first 5End-to-End service
2017.06 5World Award: Best network development
2017.10 World’s first 5connection(successful N/W-Device-Service Connection)
5Handover technology
As show, has continued to lead the industry in 5technology development, as well as the commercialization of the 5network
Olympic winter games PyeongChang 2018
showed the world’s first successful “5network demo-service” at the PyeongChand 2018.
5City: Experience a 5City of the near future
Mission Challenge: Challenge to escape the room made up of Mixed Reality(MR)
After PyeongChang
will move forward beyond the world’s first 5demo service,
To realize the World’s Best 5service
World First, World Best 5G
20152015 (5Vision Speech) & 2017 (Announcement of the Vision for the World's First 5Commercialization)
2015World’s First 5Common Specifications
2016First Successful 5Call
5Roadmap
5Commercialization Target set to 2019will start commercializing 5in March 2019, using the expertise and know-how acquired through the launch of the world’s first 5Service at the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics.
Driving 5aaPBy combining technologies, such as virtualization technology, 5will evolve beyond a simple network and grow into an integrated platform that will transform industries and change our lives.
Launch of an Open Labwill act as an incubator to create a 5ecosystem  in the short term. will not only create a R&lab to foster projects from idea development to technology testing, but also promote 5services and 5terminals development.
Leading 5Technology
is taking the lead in providing new technologies and services based on 5G's ultra high speed, ultra low latency, and hyper connectivity, thereby creating socio-economic value for the general public.
High Speed (20Gbps)
5is up to 20 times faster than Ultra high definition photos and large videos can be uploaded and downloaded in an instant.
It also became possible to experience realistic media such as AR/and Timeslice.
Low Latency (0.001second)
With a latency 10 times lower compared to LTE, 5makes real-time remote control possible.
It also enables sophisticated operations in cars and factories, and ensures public safety and stability on industrial sites.
connenctivity (106unit/km)
5can connect 10 million devices within a 1km radius, which is 10 times more than what allowed (100,000 devices within a kilometer).
The integrated services and connections between all objects in daily life, beyond smartphones and laptops, delivers ceaseless convenience.
함께 잡아 주 서비스 기지국이 끊기면 보조 기지국 신호로 끊김 없이 서비스를 제공합니다.
-->
5G.211 (5th Generation Radio Access; Physical channels and modulation) Download
5G.212 (5th Generation Radio Access; Multiplexing and channel coding) Download
5G.213 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer procedures) Download
5G.214 (5th Generation Radio Access, Physical layer measurements) Download
5G.321 (5th Generation Radio Access, Medium Access Control protocol) Download
5G.322 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Link Control protocol) Download
5G.323 (5th Generation Radio Access, Packet Data Convergence Protocol ) Download
5G.331 (5th Generation Radio Access, Radio Resource Control) Download
5G.300 (5th Generation Radio Access, Overall Description) Download
R1-160836 Channel modeling methodology on above 6GHz Download
R1-160839 Additional features on above 6GHz Download
R1-160833 5channel modeling scenarios Download
The World’s First 5Pilot Service (PyeongChang)
The world’s first 5pilot services showcased at the 2018 PyeongChang winter Olympics were built upon 5network,
confirming KT’s 5leadership.
Construction 5trial network
KT, official communication partner fof the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics, established common 5specification and built a 5network in areas where the pilot services were provided, such as PyeongChang, Bogwang and Gwanghwamun. KT’s 5network provided the basis for various demonstration services.
5Performance
World’s first drone torch relay performance, during which a 5drone operated through the 5network carried the Olympic Torch.
Opening candlelight ceremony utilizing 5G’s hyper connectivity and low latency.
5Realistic Media Services
Timeslice, which enables users to view images taken simultaneously from different angles by multiple cameras.
Sync view, which provides real-time footage from the athletes’ point of view, in ultra-high-definition.
Omni view, a live broadcasting service which lets users choose an athlete to watch and the angle to view it from.
360° that let users watch the game live in 360° using 360° cameras and headsets.
5Showcase
5city, showing the city’s blueprint offer change based on 5network.
World’s first 5G- based attractions using mixed reality based on 5trial network, such as an Olympics escape room challenge and an ice hockey experience program.
Overview of the campaign
"All new beginning Start Here" is a campaign slogan encapsulating  our aspiration for the brave new world with KT’s 5network.
KT’s 5network’s quality was approved by global audience through   PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018.
5Network Technology will shape the new era with commercial 5Network adaptation.
5transforms South Korea
5transforms South Korea.
Simultaneous 5Network connection Assistance (for People)
5Connected Intelligence Robot.
Simultaneously connected Collaboration Robot assist people to work more safely,
With automated error detection and Glass’s remote repair service.
Automated Vehicle driven by 5Simultaneous Connection.
5Connected Car.
All new beginnings Start Here.
"All new beginnings Start Here"This advertisement marks the beginning of 5commercialization
and demonstrates KT’s commitment to create a whole new world with 5Network Technology.
Today’s technology for the good of Korea
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
Here is Youngjin 301.
fire broke out on the ship.
Please come quickly and rescue us.
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
How many people are in danger?
We might have to perform an intubation, so send 3 more people.
< Pilothouse of the Korean Maritime Police Ship No 305 >
With the sea current, the field of vision is limited to 1000 meters.
will send the Skyhip first.
We can barely see anything because of the bad weather conditions.
- SkyShip: Rescue airship using communication network recovery and thermal cameras
< Incheon Coast Guard Situation Room >
The communication network has now been restored.
The ship’s position has been confirmed.
< Ship on Fire >
- Remote Support Service : Support Service through High-Definition Video Transmission in Real Time
< Regional trauma center, Professor Lee Gook-jong >
Rescue team on site, you have to press down on the bleeding area.
KT, in collaboration with the Regional Trauma Center and the Korean Maritime Police, is leading the development of the country’s disaster prevention system with 5technologies.
Today's technology, for the good of Korea.
The ad said, "is leading the development of national disaster network along with regional trauma setters and
the Korea Coast Guard with its 5 g technology."
Suggesting that 5was desperately in need of South Korea.Based on the model of Professor Lee Kook-jong of the Center for Severe Treasuries, this ad emphasized rescue of survivors through 'Skitship' and 'remote support service'.
Hi Five! 5Pyeongchang Olympics Achievements
My heart is fluttering.
the amazing experiences successfully launched in Pyeongchang.
When we meet, let’s greet each other like that. Hi Five!
I’m 5G.
From now on, will meet you all across Korea.
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5which amazed the world in PyeongChang, is now going to meet you all over KOREA""PyeongChang Olympic performance", the first advertisement of the Hi-Five 5campaign, puts the light on various 5technologies: the dove of peace that caught the attention of people all over the world, Sync View and Timeslice.
With the operation of a 5self-driving bus in Pangyo, the creation of the 5stadium Wizpark in Suwon, and the installation of virtual reality games in the theme park VRIGHT, demonstrates that 5is not a technology that belongs to a distant future, but can be experienced right now.
[Hi Five! 5G] Autonomous Driving in Pangyo
If you’re in a 5self-driving car, there’s no need to worry when you cannot see ahead.
5will connect to other cars and traffic lights to ensure your car doesn’t miss road signals.
Thanks to real-time information sharing between vehicles, you will know in advance when sudden maneuvers are needed.
The 5network's high-precision position measurement allows more accurate autonomous travel.
Now you’ll be able to enjoy ultra-content without worrying about driving!
Come experience 5autonomous driving pilot service in Pangyo!
Hi Five! Today’s 5G
People. Technology. "5self-driving trial service, meet now in pangyo."In "5Pangyo self driving" ver. has been identified self-driving technology which connect and share traffic information between vehicles to proactively alert you to emergencies in any situation.
plans to continue "Hi Five! 5G" campaign in the coming years with various 5experience that 5will meet right now rather than technology in the distant future.
5all over Korea
will commercialize 5and provide customers with various 5services from March 2019.
Wizpark
In Suwon Wizpark, used the 5network to create a realistic broadcast for baseball fans by showing the catcher’s point of view (Sync view).
5self-driving bus in Pangyo
held an event in the city of Pangyo, allowing the public to ride a 5autonomous bus moving without any driver, and enjoy a variety of entertainment programs installed in self-driving cars.
Inter-Korean summit
The briefing of the inter-Korean summit was broadcasted in the press center via 5network. The 360° video transmitted in real time gave reporters the feeling that they were watching the event closely, even if they could not go directly.
VRIGHT
The theme parks “VRIGHT” located in Sinchon and Geondae, were created for visitors to enjoy and VR, considered as key technologies of the 5era. More parks are planned to be opened within the year.
5Robot in Lotte Tower
The 5robot installed at Seoul Sky, Lotte World Tower Observatory, provides information to visitors and navigates autonomously. Its abilities rely on artificial intelligence and 5ultra low latency.
Island Village
demonstrated how Giga Internet service can be provided in insular areas where wired network is difficult to install, using the 5WTTx solution and 5terminals.