Suppliers
|
Employee Information
|
Webmaster
 Leadership Team 
 Quality 
 History 
Locations
 Mason, Ohio 
 Pasadena, California 
Infrared Products
Space Environmental Services
 MWIR Cameras 
 IR Targeting Sights 
 EO/IR Surveillance Systems 
 Large-Format/Wide-Area Surveillance Systems 
 Missile Seekers 
 Cryogenic Coolers 
 Threat Warning 
 Situational Awareness 
 Infrared Video Processing 
 Launch Vehicle Avionics 
 Spacecraft 
 Flight Safety Systems 
 EMI/EMC Testing 
 HIRF Testing 
 Environmental Simulation 
 Reverberation Chamber 
 Search Jobs 
 Testimonials 
 Benefits 
 Professional Development 
 Military Transition 
 University Recruiting 
Who We Are
Proven Developer
L3 Space &  Sensors is an established pioneer in space exploration and military/defense technology. leader in high-technology and engineering services, L3 Space &  Sensors is world renowned for its expertise in the areas of infrared detection and space and missile electronics. As a first-class engineering and production company, L3 Space &  Sensors is engaged in the design, development, and manufacture of highly-sophisticated equipment that is used in a variety of product areas for government, civil and commercial applications.
Events
 in 2018
Aug
4 to 9
Small Satellite  Conference 2018
Sept
17 to 19
Air Force  Association’s Air, Space & Cyber Conference 2018
News
Warlock at 2018
Press Releases
In The News
Featured Products
Infrared Products & Systems
Cameras 
 NightWarrior 640
 Situational Awareness 
360HD
 Large Format/Wide-Area Surveillance Sensors
 4x 4K
 Targeting Sights
640
© Copyright 2018 L3 Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy
L3 uses this website as a channel of distribution of material company information.

        Financial and other material regarding L3 is routinely posted on this website or the L3 corporate website for immediate access.L3  is now L3 Space & Sensors
L3 Space & Sensors is a five division sector located in Mason, Ohio, led by Robert Kline and  part of the larger Sensor Systems Segment at L3 Technologies. The name change  incorporates five divisions including, Space Avionics, Imagining & Detection Sensors, SSG, Sensor Technologies, and Advanced Programs . L3 Space & Sensors is a world-class manufacturer of space electronics, EO/ imaging, and EO/payloads  for next generation Earth imaging, missile defense, situational awareness,  laser communications, science, and weather. 
L3 Space & Sensors' Quality Performance:
Enterprise Approach to Quality Management
9001:2008 registration for Quality Management Systems (QMS)
AS9100
ANSI/Z-540-compliant
Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI®) Level 3
© Copyright 2018 L3 Technologies, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy
L3 uses this website as a channel of distribution of material company information.