Improving Public Health & Safety
Our vision is to be the world's best in radiation safety technology and compliance solutions
Improving Public Health & Safety
Our vision is to be the world's best in radiation safety technology and compliance solutions
helps organizations achieve their radiation safety goals through innovation. We explore ideas, embrace technology and continually identify new opportunities to provide timely solutions for our clients.
We emerged in 1954 as the first organization to recognize and address the risks of radiation. More than 60 years later we are a full service radiation safety provider recognized for our unsurpassed innovation and development of worldwide monitoring standards and technologies.
Setting the Pace of Radiation Safety™
As the radiation industry evolves, we remain committed to improving public health and safety by advancing research, technology, and services related to radiation measurement and medical physics. Proprietary technologies like our digital dosimetry platform and leading optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) technology for measuring radiation exposure are setting the standard of radiation safety. Everything we do is focused on providing peace of mind to organizations and individuals with exposure to ionizing radiation.
Leader in Radiation Science and Services
We are committed to understanding common challenges in keeping people safe, complying with regulations, and managing information requirements. 
Today we work closely with thousands of companies to understand their challenges. Our goal is to help develop best practices in risk mitigation and guide the development of occupational and public health and safety regulations. See Medical Physics Consulting & Analytics »
Client Experience
Next Level Customer Service
Angie Luckey-Succes, M.B.A., Director of Client Experience, describes how is taking customer service to the next level with Omnichannel Routing from inContact.  
Safety First
Enhance operations, ensure regulatory compliance and meet compliance requirements with LANDAUER, your global parter in radiation safety.
All fields required.
Email
By checking this box, consent to receive marketing communications and product offers by email and phone
from LANDAUER, a division of Fluke Corporation, or its partners in accordance with its privacy policy.
Social Media IconsSince 1954, has been providing state-of-the-art technology and unparalleled customer service within the radiation safety industry to better understand and document information related to occupational, environmental and health care-related exposure to ionizing radiation.
The quest began with an awareness by Robert Landauer, Jr., of the inherent hazards of the nascent nuclear medicine and nuclear energy industries. Now more than 60 years later, the Company continues to provide complete radiation dosimetry services to hospitals, medical and dental offices, universities, national laboratories, nuclear facilities and other industries in which radiation poses a potential threat to employees.
LANDAUER's groundbreaking contributions to the field of radiation safety have grown in scope and sophistication, developing new detection and monitoring technologies that continue to set industry standards. This history of innovation includes:
Automatic film readers
CR-39 plastic detectors
Digital dosimetry platform
Today, is the leading global provider of technical and analytical services to determine occupational and environmental radiation exposure and the leading domestic provider of outsourced medical physics services.
It provides dosimetry services to about 1.8 million individuals globally. In addition, the Medical Physics division provides therapeutic and imaging physics services throughout the country.
works closely with both customers and government entities to develop best practices in risk mitigation, and guides the development of occupational and public health and safety regulations. Our historical practice of dosimeter archiving has resulted in the only existing national registry of radiation exposure data.
LANDAUER's innovations in radiation safety continue to shape the industry in dosimetry and medical physics.
In 2017, it was announced that Fortive, a diversified industrial growth company comprised of Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies businesses, would acquire LANDAUER.
Sign Up For eUpdates & Stay Connected
All fields required.
Email
By checking this box, consent to receive marketing communications and product offers by email and phone
from LANDAUER, a division of Fluke Corporation, or its partners in accordance with its privacy policy.
Social Media Icons