Thin Film Nanocomposite technology (TFN) improves membrane performance by embedding                          benign nanoparticles in the surface of the membrane.                          This innovative technology increases membrane flux without compromising salt rejection.
Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Rejection of unauthorized e-mail collection
© 2017 Chem, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Rejection of unauthorized e-mail collection
We reject any automatic collection of e-mail addresses on this website. Please note that anyone violating this can be punished in accordance with the information and communication network laws.
Korea Internet Security Agency (KISA) http://www.spamcop.or.krfacebook
twitter
google+
Linkedin
Business
We are the World’s best (Reverse Osmosis) membrane manufacturer and supplier. We lead and create the future technology of water treatment. Our ultimate goal is to provide innovative solutions for all humankind facing water shortages.
Brand
Advanced Materials
Life Sciences
Water Solutions, part of Chem, Ltd., manufactures the full line of NanoH2O™ seawater and brackish water                             reverse osmosis (RO) membranes. NanoH2O™ membranes are developed based on                             innovative Thin Film Nanocomposite (TFN) technology.
History
2018 Award for 'Distinction' in the Water Technology Company of the Year
(GWI's 2018 Global Water Awards)
2017 Emerged as a global leader for seawater desalination (Source: Global Water Intelligence)
Awarded El Galalah & East Port Said projects in Egypt (Total 450,000 m3/day)
2016 Awarded Sohar desalination project in Oman (250,000 m3/day)
2015 Opened state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in Cheongju, Korea
2014 Chem acquired 2012 Won Prestigious Patrick Soon- Shiong Innovation Award (Los Angeles Business Journal)
2011 Won Aquatech Innovation Award in the 'Water Supply' category (Aquatech)
2008 Won Global Water Award: World’s Innovation of the Year category (Global Water Intelligence)
2006 Filed first set of patents on Nanocomposite Membrane Technology
2005 founded in Los Angeles, California, USA
Rejection of unauthorized e-mail collection
We reject any automatic collection of e-mail addresses on this website. Please note that anyone violating this can be punished in accordance with the information and communication network laws.
Korea Internet Security Agency (KISA) http://www.spamcop.or.kr