555-555-5555
Press Room
News & Announcements
Videos
Brochures
Case Studies
Articles
Careers
Careers at Benefits
Student-Centered Programs
Submit Your Application
View All Jobs
Contact
Go
About
History
What We Do
Company Culture
Mission & Values
Social Responsibility
Team
Contracts
Alliant
Schedule 70
PSS
Partner Schedules
CTS
IMOD
BOA
Netcents-2
Products & Services
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
Cyber
Cyber Range Mod & Sim
Cyber Support Services
Network Reconnaissance & Mapping
CodeGuardian
Communications
Fiber Optic Modems
Optical Amplifiers
BITS
Mission Support Services
Mobile Video
SigPlot
Geolocation Operations
Analytic/Visualization Development
Cloud & Virtualization
SDR
Wireless & Cyber Training
Sensors
Laser Transmitters
IoSolutions
Cyber
Research & Development
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Cyber Support Services
Mission Networking
Cyber Resilience & Threat Analytics
Modeling & Simulation
Network Protocol Analysis & Engineering
IoSecurity Analytics
C4ISR
Wireless
Video Solutions
Mission Support
Surveillance & Reconnaissance Solutions
Integration & Operations
Photonics
Free-Space Optical Communications
Remote Optical Sensing
Optical Signal Processing
Spectrum Management
Radio Frequency Spectrum
Spectrum Utilization
How Can Help
Initiative
Patent Awards
INNOVATION
Experts in C4and Cybersecurity
Offers $5Scholarships for 2019/2020 academic year!
For the third year running, is making available $5,000 scholarships to college juniors, seniors, or graduate-level students who will be enrolled full-time in an ABET-accredited program in Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or Physics during the 2019-2020 school year.
Learn More »
Outer space communications—at light speed
As continues to explore the Moon and Mars – and sends satellites 240 million miles away to explore asteroids that might help us understand how Earth was formed – there will be an ever-increasing needs for much higher quality imagery. Thanks to the greater signal bandwidth offered by free-space optical (i.e., laser) communications, we can look forward to better and better high-def video and data communications to the International Space Station and beyond!
Learn More »
Video Surveillance That Sees the Whole Picture
The safety of our urban environments requires a complete, integrated, and real-time view of a landscape just as dense and complicated as any battlespace. Most importantly, this ability to “see the whole picture” and quickly communicate it to others must be shared by all of the federal, state, and local officials—police, fire crews, first-aid responders, hazardous materials teams, and others—who must manage these crises.
Learn More »
What will 5mean for spectrum management and operations?
Spectrum management in the face of 5G: with short transmission intervals and fast switching between uplink and downlink transmissions, network sensing is becoming more challenging. How can we gain a more thorough understanding of spectrum usage when traditional survey methods become insufficient? 
Learn More »
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
It’s easy to claim software analysis expertise, but our proven experience in reverse engineering and vulnerability research addresses the entire cybersecurity spectrum, from distributed denial of service attacks, to fuzzing, security scanning, attack surface analysis, and fault-tree analysis. Interested in what over 20 years in cyber can do for your organization?
MORE
Recent News
PROVISION
The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against  employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or...
Learn More »
Sr Vice President of Photonics Solutions, Dr. Linda Braun, talks laser comms with NewSpace International Magazine
"continues to focus on developing advanced solutions in wireless communications, signals processing and analytics, optical networking, photonics, spectrum operations and...
Learn More »
spotlight on...
WE'HIRING! Florham Park, NJ
Our employees love what they do! Find out why our Florham Park team is excited about their work – and how you could be a part of it!
MORE
DIFFERENCE
offers flexibility, an entrepreneurial spirit, and opportunities to grow—all while you apply your creativity, insights, and expertise in a hands-on atmosphere addressing the unique and mission critical needs of government and commercial organizations.
The culture of innovation fostered at encourages creative thinking and collaboration with your teammates to create state-of-the-market communications technologies and cost-effective networking solutions.
MORE
We place great value on our most valuable asset – the creative team members who have helped to shape our history of innovation and vision for the future. We provide unique opportunities for our employees to showcase their ideas, including the annual Innovation Initiative, which encourages all employees to submit their ideas for new products for possible corporate investment and development. Employee idea generation and cultivation leads to technological advancements that will enable greater customer satisfaction and establishes a corporate culture of creativity while driving the innovation from the core.
MORE
works with organizations such as USGIF, the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA), the Colorado School of Mines, and many others to support crucial academic developmental skills in the sciences and to build the future of our country’s engineering workforce. We promote early involvement and cross discipline studies within the fields through:
Internship and recruiting programs
Executive involvement on multiple university advisory boards
Annual scholarships for college juniors, seniors, and graduate students
Reimbursements to cover employees’ expenses when volunteering to support education programs in their local communities
MORE
is seeking leaders and professionals in engineering, research and development, program management, the sciences, and systems architecture with a passion for innovation who are committed to addressing our customers’ communications challenges. We are a rapidly growing company looking for creative, intelligent, and entrepreneurial individuals who not only place great value on their own learning and growth but also value contributions to their community and the nation. We work to develop our talent from within, and promote diversity across our workforce. Sound interesting? We think so! Come check us out! We have a passion for innovation, and we are always looking for creative professionals to join our team.
MORE
“What differentiates us is our culture of innovations. We hire extremely talented people who have the desire to go and make a difference in our customers’ missions. Every company says that they have extremely innovative people, but we really do and we really embrace that culture of innovation – and we allow people to express their ideas and work on things that really make a difference.” – Dr Linda Braun, Senior Vice President, Photonics Solutions
MORE
“It’s an opportunity to work with people who are world-renowned experts in their fields, but it’s also a place where you’re given an opportunity early on to take responsibility and leadership.” Dr. Greg Gurski, Chief Technical Officer, Integration and Operations Solutions
MORE
Named a Top Workplace by The Washington Post three years in a row, we know that our greatest asset is the talented people who work for us. At LGS, we recognize that being happy in your work and life is easier when you join an employer that understands your personal and professional needs. Not only do we provide competitive compensation packages and a full array of benefits, but we also foster team member creativity that generates new technologies to help to keep on the cutting edge of technology. We encourage our employees to grow professionally, offering compensation for advanced learning at nearly twice the national average. also supports a variety of student learning programs, as well as internships, a cooperative education program, an academic fellows program, and opportunities for new college graduates that allow for creativity and idea generation.
Want to know more?
TEAM
Ready to grow your career?
apply today
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
How can we help you?
Let’s talk
Hide Form -
Headquarters
13461 Sunrise Valley Drive, 3rd Floor
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Copyright © 2019 Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
  |  
Terms & Conditions
Website Design By 
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All 
 information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.

            uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
         Kevin Kelly | Chief Executive Officer
As Chief Executive Officer of Innovations, Kevin Kelly oversees the development and implementation of the company’s strategy while ensuring each of the associated corporate centers are operating in accordance with the long- and short-term objectives of that plan.
Mr. Kelly brings more than 20 years of experience to in the areas of research, engineering, strategic planning, and organization leadership. Prior to being appointed CEO, Mr. Kelly served as the company’s Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Senior of Strategy. In these roles, he oversaw the company’s foundation as a FOCI-mitigated, wholly-owned subsidiary of Alcatel-Lucent in 2007, and eventually led the efforts to partner with a team of private equity investors from Madison-Dearborn and CoVant to purchase the company and migrate it to become an independent and key platform company within Madison-Dearborn’s portfolio.
Prior to Mr. Kelly’s 15-year history with Innovations, he held senior positions within General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems (GD-AIS) and Lockheed Martin.
Mr. Kelly holds a BS-degree from Penn State and a MS- Engineering Management/Systems Engineering degree from George Washington University. He has held board and advisory positions with the Board of Directors, Innovative Technologies Council of INSA, AFCEA, IEEE, the National Advisory Council for GW-SEAS, and several other firms. Mr. Kelly is also a proud member of Engineering Hall of Fame at SEAS.
In 2016, Mr. Kelly was selected as a Finalist in for the “ Executive of the Year ” award sponsored by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce and Professional Services Council. In 2017, he was appointed Chair of the Technology and Innovation Council of the Intelligence and National Security Alliance, and also named as one of WashingtonExec’s “ 25 Leaders in Government Contracting You Should Know About .”
Robert Gallegos
Robert Gallegos | Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Robert Gallegos serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for and is responsible for day-to-day operations and tactical execution of the strategy. He oversees all business operations, research and development, product solutions and applications, technical support, and services required to support future expansion of into new markets.
Mr. Gallegos’ career spans more than 30 years and includes experience in the areas of communications, optical and data networks, computer storage products and solutions, systems architecture and design, program management, and general business. Mr. Gallegos has been employed by and its heritage companies for more than two decades in positions that include Director of the WaveStar Optical Networking Group with Bell Labs and Director of International R&with Lucent Technologies. He has also held executive level positions with successful venture capital based start-ups, including Carrier Access (acquired by Turin Networks), Cellport Systems, and LeftHand Networks (acquired by Hewlett-Packard).
Jeff Beck | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Jeff Beck serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (EVP-CFO) for Innovations. In this role, he establishes and monitors financial objectives in support of the company’s strategic initiatives, working closely with the entire executive team, our customers, and our suppliers. He is responsible for the company’s business management, including the controller, treasury, and pricing and supply chain functions. Mr. Beck also oversees financial planning, risk analysis and management, tax filings, real estate asset and investment management, and policy and strategy development.
Mr. Beck has over thirty years of government contracting related experience, including more than twenty years in a role. Prior to joining in February 2018, Mr. Beck served as the for Technologies, Inc.’s C4Group, the division of that produces a wide variety of tactical communications and solutions for the DoPrior to DRS, he held and related finance management positions with QinetiNorth America, Inc., Getronics Government Solutions, Raytheon, and Lockheed Martin.
Pittsburgh native, Mr. Beck earned a in accounting from the Indiana University of Pennsylvania and an from Loyola College, and is also a Certified Public Accountant.
Douglas Manya
Douglas Manya | Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Douglas Manya serves as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Innovations. In this capacity, he counsels management and the Board of Directors and is responsible for the full range of legal matters impacting the Company, including advice on mergers and acquisition and business litigation. In addition, Mr. Manya is responsible for the Company’s business ethics and conduct program and its Contracts Department.
Mr. Manya has over 20 years of experience in federal contracting, mergers and acquisitions, corporate governance and related legal and business matters.
Prior to joining Innovations, Mr. Manya was Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Secretary of Booz Allen Hamilton. Earlier in his career, Mr. Manya was an attorney with the law firm of Howrey & Simon in Washington, DC.
Following law school, Mr. Manya served as a law clerk to the Hon. Claude Hilton, United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division.
Theresa Wright Quallich is the Chief Human Resources Officer for Innovations. Through her efforts to strengthen the organization and quality of its personnel, she enables the company to better serve its government and commercial customers. Ms. Quallich oversees compliance, policy and procedure development and implementation, recruitment, mobility, organizational development and design, benefits administration, employee relations, personnel training and development, performance management, compensation, and environmental health and safety.
Ms. Quallich joined in 2007 after more than six years with Alcatel. Her experience spans more than 20 years within industry-leading organizations and business support functions, including her time as Director of Human Resources Program Delivery and Senior Human Resources Business Partner at Alcatel.
Linda Braun | Senior Vice President, Photonics Solutions
Dr. Linda Braun is Senior Vice President of Photonics Solutions at Innovations, overseeing the efforts of more than 50 scientists and engineers working on optical subsystems for communications, imaging, and sensing solutions. Dr. Braun has worked with heritage companies Lucent Technologies and Bell Labs since 1999. In 2000, she became Technical Manager of the Optical Component Reliability Group, and in 2009 she was promoted to the Director of the Photonics Applications and Development Department. She was promoted to her current position in May, 2017. Throughout her career, she has served as the program manager for both industrial and government contracts valued at more than $100 million.
Dr. Braun began her professional career in 1990 with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in Gaithersburg, MD, working on the reliability of brittle materials. In 1998, she became a Group Leader, responsible for directing research and development in materials and component reliability.
Raymond Ivie | Group President, Integration and Operations Solutions (IOS)
Ray Ivie is Group President of Integration and Operations Solutions (IOS) at Innovations, overseeing operational mission support, development, and deployment of large-scale network communications, sensing, and signals processing solutions for government agencies, critical infrastructure operators, and large commercial enterprises. The Axios mission solutions team and Network Integration Solutions (NIS) business line are a part of Mr. Ivie’s division, which also serves as the go-to-market integration arm of LGS, delivering and deploying many of the company’s most advanced technologies to support key customer missions and intelligence operations.
Mr. Ivie’s career spans 23 years of military operational experience and 13 years of industry C4experience. Prior to joining LGS, Mr. Ivie led the Geospatial P&business area and later the Business Development group for General Dynamics Mission Systems. Prior to this, Mr. Ivie led C4business development efforts for Systems and was the Vice President of Strategic Development for L-3 Communications’ ComCept Division.
Kevin McNeill | Senior Vice President, Cyber Solutions
Dr. Kevin McNeill is the Senior Vice President of Cyber Solutions at Innovations. He directs the research and development programs of the Internet Cybersecurity Research Department (ICRD) and the Telecommunications Studies (TS) and Guardian Solutions teams. Collectively, these groups create and deliver a full spectrum of next-generation, technology-driven solutions to fulfill complex cyber missions for defense and intelligence customers and enhance the security of commercial networks against common attack vectors.
Before joining in October 2017, Dr. McNeill held a variety of progressively senior roles at Systems, from Technical Director, Technical Group Director, and Solutions Architect to Chief Scientist and Vice President of Engineering at BAE’s Intelligence and Security divisions. He was also a Global Engineering Fellow. In these roles, he led the research and development of methodologies, algorithms, technologies, knowledge skills and staffing needed to meet the complex challenges faced by a variety of Department of Defense and intelligence community operational organizations.
Prior to Systems, Dr. McNeill was a research associate professor and scientist at the University of Arizona, where he obtained his (in mathematics), (in computer science), and Ph.in electrical and computer engineering. Throughout his career, he has also participated as a member and speaker in a variety of outreach programs for associations, committees, councils, and other scientific, technology, and healthcare organizations in Arizona nationally and internationally.
Dr. McNeill is a Senior Member of IEEE, holds eight patents, and has been extensively published in journals and refereed publications
Jay Moorman
Dr. Jay Moorman is Group President of Wireless Solutions at Innovations. His multi-discipline team is responsible for full lifecycle development and management of custom wireless communication and spectrum operations solutions, including research & development, program management, new product introduction, manufacturing, and technical support. These industry-leading wireless solutions are recognized as having mission-critical impact serving the federal government.
Dr. Moorman joined Lucent in 2001 in the Advanced Multimedia and Communications department within Bell Labs. He has more than 20 years of experience in architecture design, systems engineering, software solutions, network protocols, and product development for wireless, cellular, and embedded systems within the automotive, commercial telecommunications, and government communications industries.
Ted Fidder | Senior Vice President, Technology and Ted Fidder is Senior Vice President of Technology and at Innovations, where he drives internal technology across the company’s R&D, business units, and solution development teams in support of customer needs. He also manages investments in new technologies and oversees the company’s 400+ and international patents and filings in the cyber, material sciences, photonics, and wireless domains.
Mr. Fidder’s 30 years in telecommunications has included progressively senior roles in the development of solutions, programmable switching systems, switching, video telecommunications, and wireless and cellular technologies. In 1997, Mr. Fidder was the lead on the team that invented the cellular Base Station Router, which led to a revolutionary approach in providing cellular service well-suited to the government’s wireless needs.
Mr. Fidder holds a and in computer science from Iowa State University, with six patents in the wireline and wireless communications area and is a recipient of the Bell Labs President’s Award. Mr. Fidder is also a Bell Labs Fellow.
Curt Armbruster
Curt Armbruster | Senior Vice President, Corporate Security
Curt Armbruster serves as Senior Vice President of Corporate Security for Innovations, where he is responsible for developing and directing corporate and government customer related security programs to ensure that addresses its customers’ communications challenges in a way that protects all classified and sensitive information.
Prior to joining Innovations, Mr. Armbruster served as Vice President of Administration and Chief Security Officer for Logos Technologies, where he managed a corporate-wide security program as well as facilities and export compliance. Before his employment with Logos, Mr. Armbruster oversaw the security program for the Information Technology Sector at Northrop Grumman, which consisted of 18,000 employees in 18 countries. While there, he served as Director of Security responsible for liaising with federal, state, and local government/law enforcement officials, crisis management and emergency response teams. Other previous positions include Business Unit Director of Security for TASC, Deputy Director of Security for Booz Allen Hamilton, Security Administrator for Computer Sciences Corporation, Special Agent/Polygraph Examiner for the National Security Agency, and Secret Service Officer.
Mr. Armbruster is a member of the American Society for Industrial Security (ASIS), the Association of Former Intelligence Officers, and the Industrial Security Working Group. He was named Security Director of the Year by Access Control and Security Systems magazine in 2007 and received the Defense Security Service (DSS) James Cogswell Outstanding Industrial Security Achievement Award in 2013. Mr. Armbruster holds a in Criminology from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and a in Administration from Central Michigan University.
Richard Martin
Richard Martin | Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Richard Martin serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer for Innovations. Mr. Martin brings over 20 years of technical and managerial experience to the position of CIO, and has created dynamic organizations and technical infrastructures in both startup entrepreneurial environments and for large international companies. An effective communicator who is equally comfortable discussing technology and business strategy, Mr. Martin has the proven ability to utilize the benefits of to solve business problems while managing costs and risks.
Prior to his role as for LGS, Mr. Martin was the Chief Information Officer for Transaction Network Services, a global financial and telecommunications company in Reston, Virginia. While in that role, he directed initiatives that supported product development in payments, telecommunications, and financial business units. He managed forty professionals in four countries, supporting operations in twenty countries, and was the key decision maker on solution governance, architecture, development, implementation, and support.
Mr. Martin holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Old Dominion University, and a Master of Science degree in Information Systems Technology from George Washington University.
Chris McCall
Chris McCall | Vice President, Operations
As Vice President of Operations, Chris McCall ensures that the daily operations of align with the company’s corporate strategy and growth goals, and that the operating units of the 1,200-person company have the appropriate tools and resources to deliver on customer commitments, maintain efficiency, and meet their revenue and profitability goals.
As a member of the senior leadership team, Mr. McCall helps define, plan, and execute the corporate strategic plan and annual budget, while also overseeing the company’s business analytics and reporting functions. He plays a key role in performing the due diligence required to support mergers and acquisitions, while also managing the business capture, bids and proposals (B&P), and marketing teams.
Mr. McCall has held a series of progressively senior roles at since joining the company as a B&manager in 2008. Prior to his promotion to Vice President in 2017, he served as Director, and then Senior Director of Business Operations, helping to manage the transition of from a corporate subsidiary of Alcatel-Lucent to an independent company. Throughout this transition, Mr. McCall ensured the uninterrupted functions of strategic and budget planning and cross-corporation process improvement programs.
Mr. McCall holds a in Organizational Communications and Psychology from Otterbein University, a Masters Certification in Project Management from Georgetown University, and an from George Mason University.
Doug Waters
Doug Waters | Vice President, Business Development
Doug Waters is Vice President of Business Development for Innovations. In this role he directs and supports business development programs across the company’s profit and loss (P&L) centers, focusing on leveraging technological strengths throughout its R&and solution development teams. Prior to his promotion to this position in May 2017, Mr. Waters was Vice President of Business Development for the Advanced Research and Technology (ART) organization, where he led a team of engineers and capture staff dedicated to supporting intelligence and national research labs with customized R&and commercial product solutions.
Mr. Waters has also supported business development efforts as sales lead or sales team manager for customers including United Way, Amtrak, Black & Decker, Special programs, WHCA, and various intelligence agencies. His 30-year career also includes positions with the C&Telephone Company, AT&T, and Lucent Technologies.
Mr. Waters has a Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Maryland School of Business.
Operations
Robert Gallegos | Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Robert Gallegos serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for and is responsible for day-to-day operations and tactical execution of the strategy. He oversees all business operations, research and development, product solutions and applications, technical support, and services required to support future expansion of into new markets.
Mr. Gallegos’ career spans more than 30 years and includes experience in the areas of communications, optical and data networks, computer storage products and solutions, systems architecture and design, program management, and general business. Mr. Gallegos has been employed by and its heritage companies for more than two decades in positions that include Director of the WaveStar Optical Networking Group with Bell Labs and Director of International R&with Lucent Technologies. He has also held executive level positions with successful venture capital based start-ups, including Carrier Access (acquired by Turin Networks), Cellport Systems, and LeftHand Networks (acquired by Hewlett-Packard).
Ted Fidder | Senior Vice President, Technology and Ted Fidder is Senior Vice President of Technology and at Innovations, where he drives internal technology across the company’s R&D, business units, and solution development teams in support of customer needs. He also manages investments in new technologies and oversees the company’s 400+ and international patents and filings in the cyber, material sciences, photonics, and wireless domains.
Mr. Fidder’s 30 years in telecommunications has included progressively senior roles in the development of solutions, programmable switching systems, switching, video telecommunications, and wireless and cellular technologies. In 1997, Mr. Fidder was the lead on the team that invented the cellular Base Station Router, which led to a revolutionary approach in providing cellular service well-suited to the government’s wireless needs.
Mr. Fidder holds a and in computer science from Iowa State University, with six patents in the wireline and wireless communications area and is a recipient of the Bell Labs President’s Award. Mr. Fidder is also a Bell Labs Fellow.
Chris McCall
Chris McCall | Vice President, Operations
As Vice President of Operations, Chris McCall ensures that the daily operations of align with the company’s corporate strategy and growth goals, and that the operating units of the 1,200-person company have the appropriate tools and resources to deliver on customer commitments, maintain efficiency, and meet their revenue and profitability goals.
As a member of the senior leadership team, Mr. McCall helps define, plan, and execute the corporate strategic plan and annual budget, while also overseeing the company’s business analytics and reporting functions. He plays a key role in performing the due diligence required to support mergers and acquisitions, while also managing the business capture, bids and proposals (B&P), and marketing teams.
Mr. McCall has held a series of progressively senior roles at since joining the company as a B&manager in 2008. Prior to his promotion to Vice President in 2017, he served as Director, and then Senior Director of Business Operations, helping to manage the transition of from a corporate subsidiary of Alcatel-Lucent to an independent company. Throughout this transition, Mr. McCall ensured the uninterrupted functions of strategic and budget planning and cross-corporation process improvement programs.
Mr. McCall holds a in Organizational Communications and Psychology from Otterbein University, a Masters Certification in Project Management from Georgetown University, and an from George Mason University.
Doug Waters
Doug Waters | Vice President, Business Development
Doug Waters is Vice President of Business Development for Innovations. In this role he directs and supports business development programs across the company’s profit and loss (P&L) centers, focusing on leveraging technological strengths throughout its R&and solution development teams. Prior to his promotion to this position in May 2017, Mr. Waters was Vice President of Business Development for the Advanced Research and Technology (ART) organization, where he led a team of engineers and capture staff dedicated to supporting intelligence and national research labs with customized R&and commercial product solutions.
Mr. Waters has also supported business development efforts as sales lead or sales team manager for customers including United Way, Amtrak, Black & Decker, Special programs, WHCA, and various intelligence agencies. His 30-year career also includes positions with the C&Telephone Company, AT&T, and Lucent Technologies.
Mr. Waters has a Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Maryland School of Business.
Wireless Solutions
Jay Moorman
Dr. Jay Moorman is Group President of Wireless Solutions at Innovations. His multi-discipline team is responsible for full lifecycle development and management of custom wireless communication and spectrum operations solutions, including research & development, program management, new product introduction, manufacturing, and technical support. These industry-leading wireless solutions are recognized as having mission-critical impact serving the federal government.
Dr. Moorman joined Lucent in 2001 in the Advanced Multimedia and Communications department within Bell Labs. He has more than 20 years of experience in architecture design, systems engineering, software solutions, network protocols, and product development for wireless, cellular, and embedded systems within the automotive, commercial telecommunications, and government communications industries.
Marc Beacken | Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Marc Beacken is Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer for Wireless Solutions, where he leads strategic initiatives in differentiated wireless technology, platforms, products, and integrated solutions targeted towards advanced DoC4air/land/sea missions as well as the spectrum awareness, analytics, operations, and management needs of other agencies and commercial and industrial wireless sensing and communications markets.
Prior to his promotion to this position in May 2017, Mr. Beacken served as Vice President of Advanced Multimedia Networking & Communications (AMNC). In this role, he provided the technical vision and leadership for a multi-disciplinary and highly technical research and development team of experts in physics, mathematics, electrical engineering, computer science, and mechanical engineering.  In concert with a talented and evolving leadership team, was established and grown to include over 160 highly capable, creative, and passionate technical staff members, tackling highly impactful mission challenges and rapidly deploying “first of its kind” solutions catalyzed by innovative advanced  technology conceived and developed internally.
Mr. Beacken has been awarded a number of patents and has published technical papers in diverse technical topic areas. He has also received the professional appointments of Distinguished Member of Technical Staff and Bell Labs Fellow.
Johann Kim
Johann Kim | Vice President, Wireless Integrated Network Solutions
Johann Kim serves as Technical Vice President of Wireless Integrated Network Solutions (WINS) in the Applied Research & Technology Group. Mr. Kim leads a multi-disciplinary team responsible for the advanced research and development of custom wireless communication solutions. Focused on enduring needs, Mr. Kim’s team aims to deliver best in class, diverse technological solutions to help Federal Government customers meet today’s mission requirements and anticipate future strategic demands.
Mr. Kim’s diverse career spans 25 years of military, engineering, and foreign service experience. Prior to joining Innovations, Mr. Kim led a substantial team at the Department of State to develop and deploy multi-protocol information technology systems for overseas missions and consulates. He has also held positions with the Navy, Central Intelligence Agency, National Reconnaissance Office, and Scitor Corporation. Mr. Kim brings unique perspective to help shape next generation wireless advancements for Innovations.
Mr. Kim holds a Bachelor of Science in Statistics & Computer Science from the George Washington University in Washington, He has logged 2,485 combined flight hours in maritime and carrier based reconnaissance aircraft and has received several campaign air medals.
Sid Smith
Sid Smith | Vice President, Portable Network Platforms
Sid Smith serves as Technical Vice President of Portable Networks Platforms in the Wireless Solutions Group. Mr. Smith leads a skilled technical team who creates and delivers custom communications, wireless, and software solutions for federal government customers. Mr. Smith’s team is also developing an emerging IOT/business, providing custom hardware design, software module creation, and sensor support for numerous problem sets including corporate spectrum security, smart buildings, and government missions.
Mr. Smith retired from the federal government in 2015 after a thirty-four year career that included engineering, management, and senior executive roles. During his federal career, Mr. Smith provided leadership, passion, and vision for several technology based “start-ups,” which resulted in new and imaginative technical solutions for national security missions. Mr. Smith also served as the Vice Chairman of the Committee.
Mr. Smith obtained his from the University of Akron and a Masters in Engineering Management from George Washington University.
Eric Wanosky
Eric Wanosky | Vice President, Wireless Sensing and Communication
Eric Wanosky is Vice President of the Wireless Sensing and Communications (WSC) department within the Wireless Solutions (WS) business segment. Under his guidance, the team of multidisciplinary staff of electrical engineers, computer scientists, mechanical engineers, physicists, and mathematicians performs technology and solutions research and development in a variety of communications and Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) areas. Mr. Wanosky’s wide-ranging experience in signals intelligence, and spectrum management, networked and distributed mobile sensing and processing, and many other disciplines helps ensure the continued value of wireless solutions to our customers.
Mr. Wanosky joined Innovations’ heritage company Bell Labs in 2005, when that company was part of Lucent. His experience spans the spectrum of R&and product development and support, delivering quality solutions in advanced networking solutions, secure communications systems, security architectures, and multiple products associated within the arena.
Mr. Wanosky earned a degree in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Colorado Boulder in 1995. He is a Distinguished Member of the Technical Staff, a highly valued designation awarded to him by in 2008.
Cyber Solutions
Kevin McNeill
Kevin McNeill | Senior Vice President, Cyber Solutions
Dr. Kevin McNeill is the Senior Vice President of Cyber Solutions at Innovations. He directs the research and development programs of the Internet Cybersecurity Research Department (ICRD) and the Telecommunications Studies (TS) and Guardian Solutions teams. Collectively, these groups create and deliver a full spectrum of next-generation, technology-driven solutions to fulfill complex cyber missions for defense and intelligence customers and enhance the security of commercial networks against common attack vectors.
Before joining in October 2017, Dr. McNeill held a variety of progressively senior roles at Systems, from Technical Director, Technical Group Director, and Solutions Architect to Chief Scientist and Vice President of Engineering at BAE’s Intelligence and Security divisions. He was also a Global Engineering Fellow. In these roles, he led the research and development of methodologies, algorithms, technologies, knowledge skills and staffing needed to meet the complex challenges faced by a variety of Department of Defense and intelligence community operational organizations.
Prior to Systems, Dr. McNeill was a research associate professor and scientist at the University of Arizona, where he obtained his (in mathematics), (in computer science), and Ph.in electrical and computer engineering. Throughout his career, he has also participated as a member and speaker in a variety of outreach programs for associations, committees, councils, and other scientific, technology, and healthcare organizations in Arizona nationally and internationally.
Dr. McNeill is a Senior Member of IEEE, holds eight patents, and has been extensively published in journals and refereed publications
Steve Kropac
Steve Kropac | Vice President, Chief Technology Officer
Steve Kropac is Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of the Cyber Solutions (CS) business unit, where he leads a team of computer scientists, electrical engineers, and mathematicians in the research and development of technology solutions in optical transport, routing and switching, and commercial mobile networks.
In an career that began with its Bell Labs heritage company in 2002, Mr. Kropac has played an instrumental role in creating several key network security concepts and building innovative network assurance capabilities for customers. His wide-ranging theoretical and applied R&experience in cybersecurity, analytics, and machine learning has helped the team deliver new solutions to key challenges in network assurance and reliability for defense and commercial clients.
Mr. Kropac has created and grown multi-million dollar business units in network assurance and secure network integration. He has also served as the primary customer interface with key clients across the defense, intelligence, and commercial networking communities, cultivating new business opportunities in cyber research, security analysis, network element forensics, vulnerability research, and reverse engineering.
Mr. Kropac earned and degrees in computer engineering from Stevens Institute of Technology. He is a Distinguished Member of the Technical Staff, a highly valued designation awarded to him by in 2008.
Chris Miranda
Chris Miranda | Vice President, Telecommunications Studies Center
Christopher Miranda is the Vice President of the Telecommunications Studies Center (TSC) in Lisle, Illinois. Mr. Miranda’s team is responsible for special, customized projects to investigate the overall integrity of telecommunications products, systems, and architectures for the Federal Government. The team accomplishes this through the application of a rigorous methodology for analysis through both static and dynamic means. The prides itself in for having a proven track record of meeting key customer milestones on challenging projects. The is responsible for identifying industry product and technology trends and developing strategies to solve the Federal Government’s toughest telecommunications systems problems.
The recently took on an additional charter to provide software assurance services for commercial products. This new charter is complementary to the organization’s primary mission. These independent verification and validation activities are performed with LGS’s key commercial partners to reduce the available attack surfaces in their products. The takes a comprehensive approach in applying a wide range of techniques to find and address potential cyber security issues.
Mr. Miranda joined Bell Labs in Naperville, Illinois in 1982 and was appointed a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff in 1994. He has more than 30 years of experience designing and developing wireless and wireline communication systems, computer systems, peripheral control products, and real time system architectures. His specific technical expertise includes software development process methodology, software quality assurance, requirements analysis, feature and system design, product performance analysis, support of fielded products, program management, large scale project execution, and cross-location collaboration.
Mr. Miranda received a in Electrical Engineering from the University of Detroit and an in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University.
Photonics
Linda Braun | Senior Vice President, Photonics Solutions
Dr. Linda Braun is Senior Vice President of Photonics Solutions at Innovations, overseeing the efforts of more than 50 scientists and engineers working on optical subsystems for communications, imaging, and sensing solutions. Dr. Braun has worked with heritage companies Lucent Technologies and Bell Labs since 1999. In 2000, she became Technical Manager of the Optical Component Reliability Group, and in 2009 she was promoted to the Director of the Photonics Applications and Development Department. She was promoted to her current position in May, 2017. Throughout her career, she has served as the program manager for both industrial and government contracts valued at more than $100 million.
Dr. Braun began her professional career in 1990 with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in Gaithersburg, MD, working on the reliability of brittle materials. In 1998, she became a Group Leader, responsible for directing research and development in materials and component reliability.
Andy Stentz | Chief Technical Officer, Photonics Solutions
Andy Stentz serves as Chief Technology Officer for the Photonic Solutions business unit of Innovations. In this role, Mr. Stentz oversees strategic initiatives and technical innovation, helping to grow the business with differentiated, high value products.
Mr. Stentz is a recognized expert in lasers and optical sensing and communication systems, with professional experience that spans new business development, research and development, advanced prototype development, and production of leading edge commercial optical offers. Prior to joining LGS, Mr. Stentz worked in the fiber optics research department of AT&Bell Labs. He has also held positions as Director of Optics at Photuris Inc. and Technical Manager, Deputy Director and Chief Technologist at Lucent Technologies.
Mr. Stentz holds a Ph.in Optics from the University of Rochester. He has authored over 50 publications and holds 20 patents.
Integration and Operations
Raymond Ivie | Group President, Integration and Operations Solutions (IOS)
Ray Ivie is Group President of Integration and Operations Solutions (IOS) at Innovations, overseeing operational mission support, development, and deployment of large-scale network communications, sensing, and signals processing solutions for government agencies, critical infrastructure operators, and large commercial enterprises. The Axios mission solutions team and Network Integration Solutions (NIS) business line are a part of Mr. Ivie’s division, which also serves as the go-to-market integration arm of LGS, delivering and deploying many of the company’s most advanced technologies to support key customer missions and intelligence operations.
Mr. Ivie’s career spans 23 years of military operational experience and 13 years of industry C4experience. Prior to joining LGS, Mr. Ivie led the Geospatial P&business area and later the Business Development group for General Dynamics Mission Systems. Prior to this, Mr. Ivie led C4business development efforts for Systems and was the Vice President of Strategic Development for L-3 Communications’ ComCept Division.
Greg Gurski | Chief Technical Officer, (EIS) and Axios
Greg Gurski serves as Chief Technical Officer of Innovations’ Integration & Operations Solutions (IOS) group and as Vice President and Chief Technical Officer of Axios, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Innovations.
With 21 years of experience in the Intelligence Community, Dr. Gurski provides technical leadership to engineering staff and programs, regularly interfacing with customers while overseeing program execution and advancement of capabilities.
Prior to joining Axios in June 2010, Dr. Gurski spent 17 years at and Northrop Grumman, most recently as a program director for the National Systems Operating Unit and chief systems engineer for the Software-Defined Signal Processor Development group. Under his leadership, the group expanded from three employees in 1998 to 120 employees and $54 million in revenue by 2010.
Dr. Gurski earned a Ph.in Electrical Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and a and in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Edward Eldridge
Edward Eldridge | Vice President, Network Integration Services
Ed Eldridge leads the Network Integration Services (NIS) team. The team includes highly experienced engineers, project managers, and implementation staff, bringing decades of experience fielding infrastructure for clients with global and complex integration requirements in mission-focused network and video solutions. Mr. Eldridge uses his program management expertise to ensure that delivers high-quality, on-time, on-budget integrated mission solutions that address the networking and communications challenges facing LGS’ government customers around the world.
Mr. Eldridge’s experience includes prior technical and business leadership positions with AT&T, Lucent Technologies, and Alcatel-Lucent. He holds a from Wake Forest University, where he studied Math and Business, as well as a Masters Certificate in Project Management from The George Washington University.
Bill Wiggs
Bill Wiggs | Senior Vice President, Mission Services
Bill Wiggs serves as Senior Vice President of Mission Services and President of Axios, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Innovations. Mr. Wiggs’ team supports missions of the Department of Defense and its Intelligence Community partners by designing, developing, delivering, and operating leading-edge processing solutions and products.
Mr. Wiggs’ career spans 38 years in the Intelligence Community. He previously served as Axios’ Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Corporate Secretary, managing business operations, contracts, and program management. Prior to joining Axios, Mr. Wiggs spent 17 years at Northrop Grumman and TASC, most recently as Programs Director in Northrop Grumman’s Intelligence Systems Division. He also spent 13 years with Lockheed Martin supporting multiple Intelligence Community processing system development contracts.
veteran of the United States Air Force as an Intelligence Analyst, Mr. Wiggs earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Information Systems from California State University, Fresno.
Board Of Directors
Dr. William Perry | Former Secretary of Defense
William Perry was the 19th secretary of defense for the United States, serving from February 1994 to January 1997. He previously served as deputy secretary of defense (1993-1994) and as undersecretary of defense for research and engineering (1977-1981).
Currently, Dr. Perry is the Michael and Barbara Berberian Professor (emeritus) at Stanford University. He is a senior fellow at Stanford’s Freeman Stogli Institute for International Studies (FSI) and serves as co-director of the Nuclear Risk Reduction initiative and the Preventive Defense Project. He is an expert in foreign policy, national security, and arms control. He was the co-director of Stanford’s Center for International Security and Cooperation (CISAC) from 1988 to 1993, during which time he was also a professor. He was a part-time lecturer in the Department of Mathematics at Santa Clara University from 1971 to 1977.
In addition to Innovations, Dr. Perry serves on the board of directors of several emerging high-tech companies. His previous business experience includes serving as a laboratory director for General Telephone and Electronics (1954-1964); founder and president of Inc. (1964-1977); executive vice president of Hambrecht & Quist Inc. (1981-1985); and founder and chairman of Technology Strategies & Alliances (1985-1993). He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
From 1946 to 1947, Perry was an enlisted man in the Army Corps of Engineers, and served in the Army of Occupation in Japan. He joined the Reserve Officer Training Corps in 1948 and was a second lieutenant in the Army Reserves from 1950 to 1955. He has received a number of awards, including the Presidential Medal of Freedom (1997), the Department of Defense Distinguished Service Medal (1980 and 1981), and Outstanding Civilian Service Medals from the Army (1962 and 1997), the Air Force (1997), the Navy (1997), the Defense Intelligence Agency (1977 and 1997), (1981), and the Coast Guard (1997). He received the American Electronic Association’s Medal of Achievement (1980), the Eisenhower Award (1996), the Marshall Award (1997), the Forrestal Medal (1994), and the Henry Stimson Medal (1994). The National Academy of Engineering selected him for the Arthur Bueche Medal in 1996. He has received awards from the enlisted personnel of the Army, Navy, and the Air Force. He has received decorations from the governments of Albania, Bahrain, France, Germany, Hungary, Japan, Korea, Poland, Slovenia, Ukraine, and the United Kingdom. He received a and from Stanford University and a Ph.from Penn State, all in mathematics.
Joseph Kampf
Joseph Kampf | Chairman and CEO, CoVant
Joseph Kampf is a co-founder of CoVant and serves as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to forming CoVant, Mr. Kampf was President and Chief Executive Officer of Anteon International Corporation, a diversified government technology services firm based in Fairfax, Virginia. Under his leadership, Anteon grew from $100 million in revenue in 1996 to more than $1.5 billion in revenue in 2005. public company since 2002, Anteon was acquired by General Dynamics in 2006 for $2.2 billion in one of the largest transactions ever completed in the government technology services industry.
From 1986 to 1994, he served first as Corporate Senior Vice President of Penn Central Federal Systems Company and then as Executive Vice President of Vitro Corporation, the 6,500 person operating subsidiary of Penn Central, a major provider of engineering services to the Department of Defense. During the 1970s, Mr. Kampf served in several senior financial positions within Daniel Ludwig’s vast global organization, including the senior financial role for Mr. Ludwig’s development of a forest products company in the Amazon Jungle.
Mr. Kampf is a life member of the Navy League and has been active in the National Defense Industrial Association. He was a director of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association and served as Chairman of the Professional Services Council. He is currently a member of the Board of Directors of Deltek Systems, Inc., and also served on the Board of Directors of the Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts from 2004 to 2010.
Hugh Shelton (Ret.)
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Hugh Shelton (Ret.) | Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
General Shelton spent 38 years in service through a variety of command and staff positions in the continental United States, Hawaii, and Vietnam. He served two combat tours in Vietnam, the first with the 5th Special Forces Group and the second with the 173rd Airborne Brigade. Also, he commanded the 3rd Battalion, 60th Infantry in the 9th Infantry Division at Fort Lewis, Washington; served as the 9th Infantry Division’s Chief of Staff for operations; commanded the 1st Brigade of the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg, North Carolina; and was the Chief of Staff of the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum, New York. Selected for promotion to Brigadier General in 1988, General Shelton served two years in the Operations Directorate of the Joint Staff. In 1989, he began a two-year assignment as the Assistant Division
Commander for Operations of the 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, where he participated in the liberation of Kuwait during Operation DESERTSHIELD/STORM.
After the Gulf War, he was promoted to major general and assumed command of the 82nd Airborne Division, Fort Bragg, North Carolina. In 1993, he was promoted to Lieutenant General and assumed command of the Airborne Corps. In 1994, during his tenure as Corps commander, General Shelton led the United States Joint Task Force that restored democracy in Haiti. In March 1996, he was promoted to General and became Commander in Chief of the Special Operations Command.
General Shelton became the 14th Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on October 1, 1997, and served two two-year terms, retiring on September 30, 2001. In this capacity he was the principle military advisor to Presidents Clinton and Bush as well as the Secretaries of Defense and the National Security Council. General Shelton holds a Bachelor’s degree in from North Carolina State University, a Master’s degree from Auburn University, and has attended Harvard University, the Air Command and Staff College, and the National War College.
Among his many military awards, General Shelton has received four Defense Distinguished Service Medals, two Army Distinguished Service Medals, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal for Valor, and the Purple Heart. He has been decorated by 16 foreign governments, and in 2001, General Shelton was knighted by Queen Elizabeth For his exemplary service to his country, the 107th Congress bestowed the Congressional Gold Medal on General Shelton on September 19, 2002.
After retiring from the Armed Forces, General Shelton served as President, International Operations, of Industries from 2001-2005. He has served as a director on a number of public company boards to include Anheuser Busch Companies (2001-2008), Anteon International (2001-2007), and Professional Products of America (2005-2009). He is currently Chairman of the Board of Red Hat, Inc. and serves as a director of L-3 Communications. In addition he serves as a director for the following private companies: CoVant, A-Solutions, The O’Gara Group, Professional Products Enterprises, and HighMark. He previously served as a director of Robbins-Gioia, BioSignia, and Professional Products Services (P2S).
Dr. Paul Kaminski
Former Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology
Dr. Paul Kaminski | Former Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology
Paul Kaminski is Chairman and of Technovation, Inc., a consulting company dedicated to fostering innovation, and to the development of business and investment strategies related to the application of advanced technology in the aerospace and defense sectors.
Dr. Kaminski served as the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology from October 1994 to May 1997. He was responsible for all Department of Defense (DOD) research, development, and acquisition programs. He also had responsibility for logistics, environmental security, international programs, the defense industrial base, and military construction. The annual budget for these entities exceeded $100 billion.
Dr. Kaminski has had a continuing career involving large program management, and the development and application of advanced technology in both the private and public sectors. He served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Technology Strategies and Alliances, a technology-oriented investment banking and consulting firm. He has served as a consultant and advisor to a wide variety of government agencies and as chairman, director, or trustee of several defense and technology oriented companies.
His previous government experience includes a 20-year career as an officer in the Air Force. During 1981-1984, he served as Director for Low Observables Technology, with responsibility for overseeing the development, production, and fielding of major “stealth” systems. He also led the initial development of a National Reconnaissance Office space system and related sensor technology. Early in his career, he was responsible for test and evaluation of inertial guidance components for the Minuteman missile and terminal guidance systems for our first precision-guided munitions.
Dr. Kaminski is a former member of the President’s Intelligence Advisory Board, current Chairman of the Defense Science Board, and serves as a member of the DNI’s Senior Advisory Board, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Technical Advisory Board, and the National Academies Air Force Studies Board. He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, a Fellow of the Institute for Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and a Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics & Astronautics. He Chairs the Boards of the Corporation, Exostar, and (former Hughes Research Labs), and is a Director of General Dynamics, Bay Microsystems, CoVant, A-Solutions, the Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Lab, and the Academy Endowment. He serves as an advisor to the Lincoln Laboratory.
Dr. Kaminski has received the following awards: National Medal of Technology 2006, Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service (3 awards), Defense Distinguished Service Medal, Director of Central Intelligence Director’s Award, Defense Intelligence Agency Director’s Award, Legion of Merit with Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Force Academy 2002 Distinguished Graduate Award, the Ronald Reagan Award for Missile Defense, the International Strategic Studies Association Possony Medal for Outstanding Contributions to Strategic Progress through Science and Technology, the Gold Medal, the Netherlands Medal of Merit in Gold, the French Republic Legion d’Honneur, and the Air Force Systems Command Scientific Achievement Award. He has been recognized as a Pioneer of National Reconnaissance and a Pioneer of Stealth.
He received a Bachelor of Science from the Air Force Academy, Masters of Science degrees in both Aeronautics and Astronautics and in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and a Ph.in Aeronautics and Astronautics from Stanford University.
Paul Kern (Ret.)
Former Commanding General, Army Materiel Command
Paul Kern (Ret.) | Former Commanding General, Army Materiel Command
General Paul Kern, Army (Ret) is a Senior Counselor with The Cohen Group. He served as President and Chief Operating Officer of General from August 2008 through January 2010 and is currently a Director with ITT, ITT-Exelis, and iRobot Corporation, and a member of the CoVant Board of Managers. Since retiring from the Army in 2005, he has held the Class of 1950 Chair for Advanced Technology at West Point, was a Vice President for Battelle, and a Director on the Anteon and boards.
Gen. Kern retired after almost 38 years with the Army as the Commanding General of the Army Materiel Command. The command of more than 50,000 personnel has worldwide responsibility for supply and maintenance support to the Department of Defense, manages the Army depot system, and conducts research for all ground and rotary wing equipment. In June 2004, the Secretary of Defense tapped Gen. Kern to lead the military’s internal investigation into the abuses at the Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. He previously served four years as the Department of the Army Military Deputy for Research, Development and Acquisition. In 1996-97 he was the Commanding General of the 4th Infantry Division, Mechanized, where they developed the organization, tactics, techniques, and equipment implemented in today’s networked force.
From 1993 to 1996, he was the Senior Military Assistant for Secretary of Defense William Perry and played a key role in International deliberations in South America, the former Soviet Union, the Middle East, and the Balkans. In 1991, he led the 2nd Brigade of the 24th Infantry Division in the attack into Iraq. He began his career commanding operational units as a platoon leader and troop commander in the Blackhorse Regiment in Vietnam.
Gen. Kern graduated from West Point in 1967 with a Bachelor of Science degree. He holds Masters Degrees in Civil and Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2006. He was a National Security Fellow at the Kennedy School, Harvard University, and is currently a member of the Defense Science Board.
Gilbert Decker
Former Assistant Secretary of the Army (Research, Development, and Acquisition)
Gilbert Decker | Former Assistant Secretary of the Army (Research, Development, and Acquisition)
Gilbert Decker is a private consultant for several clients including the United States Army, the United States Navy, and several corporations.
Mr. Decker served as a Commissioned Officer in the Army, and as a Colonel in the Army Reserve. Before becoming a private consultant, he held several distinguished positions, including: President and of the Penn Central Federal Systems Company; Vice President and General Manager of the Defense Systems Group of TRW, Inc; President and of Acurex Corporation; President and of ESL, Incorporated; and Assistant Secretary of the Army (Research, Development, and Acquisition). He served as Assistant Secretary of the Army from 1993 thru 1997. After his service as Assistant Secretary, he served as Executive Vice President for Engineering, Manufacturing, and Program Management of Walt Disney Imagineering.
Honors presented to Mr. Decker include the Distinguished Public Service Medal from the Department of Defense, Distinguished Civilian Service Medal from the Department of the Army, the Meritorious Service Medal from the Army, and the Distinguished Alumni Award from the Johns Hopkins University.
Mr. Decker currently serves on the National Advisory Council for The Johns Hopkins University Whiting School of Engineering. He also serves on the Advisory Board of the Carnegie Mellon University Software Engineering Institute. He previously served on the Board of Army Science & Technology (BAST) at the National Academy of Sciences. Additionally, he served on the panel to oversee the U.S.. Army mission of Chemical Weapons De-militarization.
Kevin Kelly
Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Kelly | Chief Executive Officer
As Chief Executive Officer of Innovations, Kevin Kelly oversees the development and implementation of the company’s strategy while ensuring each of the associated corporate centers are operating in accordance with the long- and short-term objectives of that plan.
Mr. Kelly brings more than 20 years of experience to in the areas of research, engineering, strategic planning, and organization leadership. Prior to being appointed CEO, Mr. Kelly served as the company’s Chief Operating Officer (COO) and Senior of Strategy. In these roles, he oversaw the company’s foundation as a FOCI-mitigated, wholly-owned subsidiary of Alcatel-Lucent in 2007, and eventually led the efforts to partner with a team of private equity investors from Madison-Dearborn and CoVant to purchase the company and migrate it to become an independent and key platform company within Madison-Dearborn’s portfolio.
Prior to Mr. Kelly’s 15-year history with Innovations, he held senior positions within General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems (GD-AIS) and Lockheed Martin.
Mr. Kelly holds a BS-degree from Penn State and a MS- Engineering Management/Systems Engineering degree from George Washington University. He has held board and advisory positions with the Board of Directors, Innovative Technologies Council of INSA, AFCEA, IEEE, the National Advisory Council for GW-SEAS, and several other firms. Mr. Kelly is also a proud member of Engineering Hall of Fame at SEAS.
In 2016, Mr. Kelly was selected as a Finalist in for the “ Executive of the Year ” award sponsored by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce and Professional Services Council. In 2017, he was appointed Chair of the Technology and Innovation Council of the Intelligence and National Security Alliance, and also named as one of WashingtonExec’s “ 25 Leaders in Government Contracting You Should Know About .”
Jeffery Smith
Jeffery Smith | Senior Counsel, Arnold & Porter, LLP
Jeffrey Smith serves as Senior Counsel for the national and homeland security practice for Arnold & Porter, LLP, which regularly counsels both and foreign companies on a wide range of national security issues. His practice includes advising major defense and aerospace companies and representing major media organizations and individuals with respect to First Amendment issues and unauthorized disclosures of classified information. He has frequently represented prominent individuals in congressional investigations and federal prosecutions. He also represents major universities on national security issues.
Mr. Smith is a former General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and currently serves on the Department of Defense Legal Policy Advisory Board. He has also served as General Counsel of the Senate Armed Services Committee and was Senator Sam Nunn’s designee to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the Iran/Contra Committee. Prior to working for the Senate, he was the Assistant Legal Adviser for Law Enforcement and Intelligence at the State Department. Earlier, as an Army Judge Advocate General officer, he served as the Pentagon’s lawyer for the Panama Canal negotiations.
In 1992 and 1993, Mr. Smith served as the chief of the Clinton Transition Team at the Department of Defense. He also chaired the Joint Security Commission established in 1993 by Secretary of Defense Les Aspin and Director James Woolsey to examine the security procedures of the defense and intelligence communities and the companies that contract with them. In addition, he served on the congressionally mandated Commission on Roles and Missions of the Armed Services.
Douglas Grissom
Douglas Grissom | Managing Director, Madison Dearborn Partners
Doug Grissom is the Managing Director at Madison Dearborn Partners (MDP) and head of the Business & Government Services team. Prior to joining MDP, Mr. Grissom was with Bain Capital, Inc. in private equity, McKinsey & Company, Inc., and Goldman, Sachs & Co. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Asurion Corporation, Cbeyond, Inc., Fieldglass, Inc., Children’s Inner City Educational Fund, City Year of Chicago, and METROsquash. In addition, he was formerly on the Boards of Directors of @stake, Inc., Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Corporation, Intelsat Holdings, Ltd., and Neoworld Holdings, Mr. Grissom received his from Amherst College and his from Harvard Business School.
Matthew Norton
Matthew Norton | Managing Director, Madison Dearborn Partners
Matthew Norton is the Managing Director at Madison Dearborn Partners (MDP). Prior to joining MDP, Mr. Norton was with Merrill Lynch Investment Banking in the Consumer Products and Mergers & Acquisitions groups. Mr. Norton currently serves on the Boards of Directors of Aderant Holdings, Inc., Boise Cascade Company (NYSE:BCC), CoVant Technologies LLC, Fieldglass, Inc., and National Financial Partners Corp. and was formerly on the Board of Boise Inc. (NYSE: BZ). Mr. Norton received his and from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
James Heilman
James Heilman | Executive Vice President, CoVant
James Heilman is the Executive Vice President at CoVant. He is also a member of the Board of Managers for CoVant and serves on the Board of Directors for A-Solutions, Inc.
Prior to joining CoVant, Mr. Heilman was a Managing Director at Associates, Inc. where he provided market analysis strategic planning, and mergers & acquisitions advisory services to government agencies, corporations, private investors and financial institutions operating in the defense and government technology services markets. Mr. Heilman also served in a wide range of operational and management positions with Ford Aerospace & Communications Corporation, Loral Corporation, and Lockheed Martin Corporation. He received a degree from the University of Iowa and a degree from The American University.
Gerald Dorros
Gerald Dorros | Senior Vice President, CoVant
Gerald Dorros is the Senior Vice President and founding member of CoVant Management, Inc. Gerald has nearly 10 years’ experience in identifying, valuing, structuring, negotiating, financing, and executing private equity investments in the government services marketplace.
Gerald was instrumental in CoVant’s 2008 acquisition of A-Solutions, Inc., the leading pure-play government services provider focused on the global anti- and counter-terrorism and adjacent markets. Under CoVant’s ownership, A-Solutions has grown from $34 million in annual revenue to an over $200 million run-rate and completed four strategic add-on acquisitions.
Prior to CoVant, Gerald was Vice President of Corporate Development for Anteon International Corporation where he was responsible for Anteon’s acquisition program. He led many acquisitions, helping the company to grow to $1.7 billion in revenue which resulted in the sale to General Dynamics for $2.2 billion in 2006.
Gerald also worked for 12 years as an investment banker with various New York City-based firms, most recently as a Managing Director with Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. where he focused on raising high-yield debt for corporate clients and advising on mergers and acquisitions.
He received a degree from Union College and an from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. Gerald currently sits on the boards of CoVant, A-Solutions, Inc., and Buchanan & Edwards, Inc.
Roger Gurner
Roger Gurner | Executive Vice President, CoVant
Roger Gurner is the Executive Vice President at CoVant. Prior to joining CoVant, Mr. Gurner was a Senior Vice President with Anteon International Corporation where he was one of the original founders of the company. He served in a number of senior management positions at Anteon, including West Coast Manager, East Coast Manager, Director of Product Sales, and for over seven years was of Business Development. Prior to Anteon, Mr. Gurner held senior level positions with Oracle, Xerox, and Mr. Gurner retired from the United States Air Force as a Colonel and held positions in the Research & Development, Information Technology, and Weapons Acquisition disciplines. He has a degree from Allegheny College and an from Central Michigan University. Mr. Gurner was an honors graduate from the Defense Systems Management College.
Jason Kampf
Jason Kampf | Vice President and Director of Research, CoVant
Jason Kampf is the Vice President and Director of Research for CoVant. Prior to joining CoVant, Mr. Kampf was an analyst at Anteon International Corporation from 2003-2006. member of Anteon’s mergers & acquisitions team, he also developed market, product, and trend analyses. Prior to Anteon, he was a founding member of two start-up companies. The first, Truist, is a software company providing solutions for Fortune 500 companies to manage their worldwide corporate philanthropic efforts. His second venture, MTerrace, is a software development and media productions firm. He received his degree from American University.
Want to know more?
apply today
Full Name*
Email Address*
Phone Number*
Let’s talk
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Website Design By
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All
information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.is a technology company delivering mission-critical solutions comprised of custom and commercial communications products, R&D, and supporting services to defense, intelligence, and civilian agencies, state and local governments, critical infrastructure operators, telecommunications and service providers, and other commercial customers around the world. We create advanced solutions in wireless communications, signals processing and analysis, optical networking, photonics, spectrum operations and management, routing and switching, and network assurance.
expertise in C4and cybersecurity is in increasing demand as missions, platforms, and operating spheres have merged with advanced communications and signals intelligence technologies to enable both offensive and defensive cybersecurity operations. solutions play across the C4and cyber spaces, and often evolve across these functional areas to meet customer needs.
HISTORY
Innovation is in our traces its ancestry directly to Bell Labs and AT&T, creators of many of the world’s most significant advances in computing and communications. These include the first binary digital computer, the transistor, the first solar battery cell, the laser, demonstrated cellular technology, UNIX, the first fiber-optic transatlantic cable, the first wireless Internet prototype system, and the first 100 gigabits per second (Gbps) Internet Protocol transmission
offers flexibility, an entrepreneurial spirit, and opportunities to grow—all while you apply your creativity, insights, and expertise in a hands-on atmosphere addressing the unique and mission critical needs of government and commercial organizations.
The culture of innovation fostered at encourages creative thinking and collaboration with your teammates to create state-of-the-market communications technologies and cost-effective networking solutions.
The mission of is to be the preferred and most trusted provider of innovative solutions and technologies that solve the most complex communications and networking needs of governments and commercial enterprises worldwide.
provides integrated communications solutions that incorporate best-of-breed commercial and custom technology, R&D, and consulting services to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and provide an information advantage to its customers.
is dedicated to acting in a socially responsible manner through our interactions with all stakeholders: employees, partners, customers, suppliers, investors, and local communities. We maintain a tradition of corporate responsibility and engagement through a dedication to ethics and compliance, environmental awareness, and community involvement.
apply today
Full Name*
Email Address*
Phone Number*
Let’s talk
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Website Design By
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All
information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.History
Innovation is in our traces its ancestry directly to Bell Labs and AT&T, creators of many of the world’s most significant advances in computing and communications. These include the first binary digital computer, the transistor, the first solar battery cell, the laser, demonstrated cellular technology, UNIX, the first fiber-optic transatlantic cable, the first wireless Internet prototype system, and the first 100 gigabits per second (Gbps) Internet Protocol transmission.
In 1996, AT&spun off its communications equipment division – as well as associated Bell Labs research assets – into Lucent Technologies. Lucent and Alcatel merged in 2006 to become Alcatel-Lucent. As a result of this transaction, was established to be Alcatel-Lucent’s sole sales and contracting channel for all classified and unclassified business with the federal government. At that time, was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alcatel-Lucent, and retained the Government Communications Lab (GCL) portion of Bell Labs within the organization.
In 2014 was acquired by Madison Dearborn Partners, an investment firm based in Chicago, Illinois, and CoVant, a holding company based in the Washington, metro area, focused on acquiring and growing companies in the federal technology solutions marketplace.
In October 2015, acquired Axios Engineering, a provider of communications and signal processing solutions and mission support services for the defense and intelligence communities. An industry leader in mission-attached services and application development, Axios closely complements offerings in intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) technologies, and extends mission-proven networking solutions to in-theater, tactical operational environments.
About Madison Dearborn Partners
Madison Dearborn Partners is a leading private equity investment firm in the United States. Since Madison Dearborn’s formation in 1992, the firm has raised six funds with aggregate capital of over $18 billion and has completed approximately 125 investments. Madison Dearborn invests in businesses across a broad spectrum of industries, including business and government services; basic industries; consumer; financial and transaction services; health care; and telecom, media and technology services. Its noteworthy investments include Asurion, CDW, Fitness, LiquidWeb, QuickPlay Media, and Univision Communications. For more information, please visit mdcp.com.
About CoVant
Founded by former executives of Anteon International, CoVant focuses on acquiring and growing companies in the federal technology solutions marketplace. With an experienced team of business executives and a respected board of former government and military leaders, CoVant delivers a unique and highly strategic approach to maximizing company growth and value. For more information, please visit covant.com.
Want to know more?
apply today
Full Name*
Email Address*
Phone Number*
Let’s talk
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Website Design By
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All
information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.555-555-5555
Press Room
News & Announcements
Videos
Brochures
Case Studies
Articles
Careers
Careers at Benefits
Student-Centered Programs
Submit Your Application
View All Jobs
Contact
Go
About
History
What We Do
Company Culture
Mission & Values
Social Responsibility
Team
Contracts
Alliant
Schedule 70
PSS
Partner Schedules
CTS
IMOD
BOA
Netcents-2
Products & Services
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
Cyber
Cyber Range Mod & Sim
Cyber Support Services
Network Reconnaissance & Mapping
CodeGuardian
Communications
Fiber Optic Modems
Optical Amplifiers
BITS
Mission Support Services
Mobile Video
SigPlot
Geolocation Operations
Analytic/Visualization Development
Cloud & Virtualization
SDR
Wireless & Cyber Training
Sensors
Laser Transmitters
IoSolutions
Cyber
Research & Development
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Cyber Support Services
Mission Networking
Cyber Resilience & Threat Analytics
Modeling & Simulation
Network Protocol Analysis & Engineering
IoSecurity Analytics
C4ISR
Wireless
Video Solutions
Mission Support
Surveillance & Reconnaissance Solutions
Integration & Operations
Photonics
Free-Space Optical Communications
Remote Optical Sensing
Optical Signal Processing
Spectrum Management
Radio Frequency Spectrum
Spectrum Utilization
How Can Help
Initiative
Patent Awards
Alliant
Alliant provides federal government agencies with integrated solutions for evolving needs on a global basis. designed the Alliant contract to be flexible enough to incorporate new technologies and government and networking priorities within its scope over Alliant’s 10-year life span; its scope is aligned with Federal Enterprise Architecture (FEA) and Department of Defense Enterprise Architecture (DODEA). This ensures that government agencies will always have the latest and greatest technology available to them under Alliant. It is open to all Federal Government agencies and all contract types: fixed price, cost reimbursement, labor hour, and time and materials. Work can be performed worldwide. Alliant offers access to 80 labor categories and a streamlined acquisition process.
Want to know more?
TEAM
Ready to grow your career?
apply today
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
How can we help you?
Let’s talk
Hide Form -
Headquarters
13461 Sunrise Valley Drive, 3rd Floor
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Copyright © 2019 Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
  |  
Terms & Conditions
Website Design By 
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All 
 information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.

            uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
         555-555-5555
Press Room
News & Announcements
Videos
Brochures
Case Studies
Articles
Careers
Careers at Benefits
Student-Centered Programs
Submit Your Application
View All Jobs
Contact
Go
About
History
What We Do
Company Culture
Mission & Values
Social Responsibility
Team
Contracts
Alliant
Schedule 70
PSS
Partner Schedules
CTS
IMOD
BOA
Netcents-2
Products & Services
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
Cyber
Cyber Range Mod & Sim
Cyber Support Services
Network Reconnaissance & Mapping
CodeGuardian
Communications
Fiber Optic Modems
Optical Amplifiers
BITS
Mission Support Services
Mobile Video
SigPlot
Geolocation Operations
Analytic/Visualization Development
Cloud & Virtualization
SDR
Wireless & Cyber Training
Sensors
Laser Transmitters
IoSolutions
Cyber
Research & Development
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Cyber Support Services
Mission Networking
Cyber Resilience & Threat Analytics
Modeling & Simulation
Network Protocol Analysis & Engineering
IoSecurity Analytics
C4ISR
Wireless
Video Solutions
Mission Support
Surveillance & Reconnaissance Solutions
Integration & Operations
Photonics
Free-Space Optical Communications
Remote Optical Sensing
Optical Signal Processing
Spectrum Management
Radio Frequency Spectrum
Spectrum Utilization
How Can Help
Initiative
Patent Awards
& VALUES
The mission of is to be the preferred and most trusted provider of innovative solutions and technologies that solve the most complex communications and networking needs of governments and commercial enterprises worldwide.
provides integrated communications solutions that incorporate best-of-breed commercial and custom technology, R&D, and consulting services to improve efficiency, reduce costs, and provide an information advantage to its customers.
worldwide network integrator, researches, develops, and deploys robust, agile communications solutions that drive optimal performance and support missions around the world – today and in the future.
Core Values: Taking in Our Work
strives to accomplish our mission through our dedication to the following core values:
P
assion for our customers, our staff, and other key stakeholders
R
espect and fair treatment of all individuals and ideas
I
nnovation and creative thinking in the pursuit of solutions
D
iligence and care in the performance of tasks and responsibilities
E
thics and integrity in every aspect of our conduct and operations
Innovations: Trusted Advisor
Want to know more?
TEAM
Ready to grow your career?
apply today
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
How can we help you?
Let’s talk
Hide Form -
Headquarters
13461 Sunrise Valley Drive, 3rd Floor
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Copyright © 2019 Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
  |  
Terms & Conditions
Website Design By 
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All 
 information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.

            uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
         offers flexibility, an entrepreneurial spirit, and opportunities to grow—all while you apply your creativity, insights, and expertise in a hands-on atmosphere addressing the unique and mission critical needs of government and commercial organizations.
The culture of innovation fostered at encourages creative thinking and collaboration with your teammates to create state-of-the-market communications technologies and cost-effective networking solutions.
Ideas
We place great value on our most valuable asset – the creative team members who have helped to shape our history of innovation and vision for the future. We provide unique opportunities for our employees to showcase their ideas, including the annual Innovation Initiative, which encourages all employees to submit their ideas for new products for possible corporate investment and development. Employee idea generation and cultivation leads to technological advancements that will enable greater customer satisfaction and establishes a corporate culture of creativity while driving the innovation from the core.
Education
works with organizations such as USGIF, the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association (AFCEA), the Colorado School of Mines, and many others to support crucial academic developmental skills in the sciences and to build the future of our country’s engineering workforce. We promote early involvement and cross discipline studies within the fields through:
Internship and recruiting programs with over 24 educational institutions across the nation.
Executive involvement on multiple university advisory boards to encourage and advise on interdisciplinary curricula.
“Recruiting Tomorrow’s Engineers Today” pilot program with the Colorado School of Mines
$5,000 annual scholarships for college juniors, seniors, and graduate students enrolled in ABET-certified curricula programs
Reimbursements to cover employees’ expenses when volunteering to support education programs in their local communities (e.g., robotics and science clubs, fraternity mentorship programs, etc.)
Community Involvement
From school supply drives to a variety of human services activities, employees work with local and national organizations to better the lives of those in our communities. Various drives and fundraisers hosted by contribute to local needs and services such as food assistance, utility assistance, shelter assistance, transportation to job interviews, and financial counseling.
Veteran's Support
With a goal of supporting the nation’s troops and bettering the lives of veterans, has implemented several donation campaigns and fundraising activities that benefit organizations such as Homes for our Troops®, Operation Support Our Troops, the Boulder Crest Retreat, and the Wounded Warrior Project®.
Want to know more?
apply today
Full Name*
Email Address*
Phone Number*
Let’s talk
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Website Design By
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All
information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.555-555-5555
Press Room
News & Announcements
Videos
Brochures
Case Studies
Articles
Careers
Careers at Benefits
Student-Centered Programs
Submit Your Application
View All Jobs
Contact
Go
About
History
What We Do
Company Culture
Mission & Values
Social Responsibility
Team
Contracts
Alliant
Schedule 70
PSS
Partner Schedules
CTS
IMOD
BOA
Netcents-2
Products & Services
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
Cyber
Cyber Range Mod & Sim
Cyber Support Services
Network Reconnaissance & Mapping
CodeGuardian
Communications
Fiber Optic Modems
Optical Amplifiers
BITS
Mission Support Services
Mobile Video
SigPlot
Geolocation Operations
Analytic/Visualization Development
Cloud & Virtualization
SDR
Wireless & Cyber Training
Sensors
Laser Transmitters
IoSolutions
Cyber
Research & Development
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Cyber Support Services
Mission Networking
Cyber Resilience & Threat Analytics
Modeling & Simulation
Network Protocol Analysis & Engineering
IoSecurity Analytics
C4ISR
Wireless
Video Solutions
Mission Support
Surveillance & Reconnaissance Solutions
Integration & Operations
Photonics
Free-Space Optical Communications
Remote Optical Sensing
Optical Signal Processing
Spectrum Management
Radio Frequency Spectrum
Spectrum Utilization
How Can Help
Initiative
Patent Awards
Partner Schedules
offers both its own and Alcatel-Lucent products and services through a number of our partners’ Schedules. For a listing, please go to 
Advantage
 and search for “Innovations,” “Alcatel-Lucent,” or part number.
CONTACTS:
 or Anthony Auman, 336-279-3065, 
Contrating: Eleina Maturino, 336-638-2976 
Want to know more?
TEAM
Ready to grow your career?
apply today
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
How can we help you?
Let’s talk
Hide Form -
Headquarters
13461 Sunrise Valley Drive, 3rd Floor
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Copyright © 2019 Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
  |  
Terms & Conditions
Website Design By 
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All 
 information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.

            uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
         555-555-5555
Press Room
News & Announcements
Videos
Brochures
Case Studies
Articles
Careers
Careers at Benefits
Student-Centered Programs
Submit Your Application
View All Jobs
Contact
Go
About
History
What We Do
Company Culture
Mission & Values
Social Responsibility
Team
Contracts
Alliant
Schedule 70
PSS
Partner Schedules
CTS
IMOD
BOA
Netcents-2
Products & Services
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
Cyber
Cyber Range Mod & Sim
Cyber Support Services
Network Reconnaissance & Mapping
CodeGuardian
Communications
Fiber Optic Modems
Optical Amplifiers
BITS
Mission Support Services
Mobile Video
SigPlot
Geolocation Operations
Analytic/Visualization Development
Cloud & Virtualization
SDR
Wireless & Cyber Training
Sensors
Laser Transmitters
IoSolutions
Cyber
Research & Development
Vulnerability Analysis & Reverse Engineering
Cyber Support Services
Mission Networking
Cyber Resilience & Threat Analytics
Modeling & Simulation
Network Protocol Analysis & Engineering
IoSecurity Analytics
C4ISR
Wireless
Video Solutions
Mission Support
Surveillance & Reconnaissance Solutions
Integration & Operations
Photonics
Free-Space Optical Communications
Remote Optical Sensing
Optical Signal Processing
Spectrum Management
Radio Frequency Spectrum
Spectrum Utilization
How Can Help
Initiative
Patent Awards
Intelligent Spectrum Management
Spectrum and spatial awareness to address communications systems challenges
Are you ready to tackle secure communications in a 5world? We are. At we guide you through spectrum management and operations to ensure the security of your vital mission communications and data.
The constrained supply of spectrum results in spectral crowding, increasing interference, and wireless systems vulnerabilities. There is an increasing need for a focus on:
Establishing persistent spectral awareness through sensing
Enabling efficient spectrum sharing
Facilitating dynamic spectrum coordination
Deploying new uses of previously untapped spectral regimes is now essential
Technical Surveillance Countermeasures
The Technical Surveillance Countermeasures (TSCM) program builds on our existing robust scientific and engineering solutions in order to develop a new class of service that combines powerful wireless and cyber solutions, accepted commercial tools, and ITC-certified engineers to provide government and commercial customers with tools to help secure their spaces and information from eavesdropping. subject matter experts have access to industry standard certified technology supplemented by unique wireless and cyber capabilities. lead operators also have extensive experience conducting inspections worldwide.
MORE
Spectrum Interference Detection & Mitigation
researches, develops, deploys, and supports field-ready solutions dedicated to solving some of the world’s most complex Radio Frequency (RF) spectrum interference detection, classification, and mitigation challenges.
MORE
Want to know more?
TEAM
Ready to grow your career?
apply today
Full Name
*
Email Address
*
Phone Number
*
How can we help you?
Let’s talk
Hide Form -
Headquarters
13461 Sunrise Valley Drive, 3rd Floor
Herndon, 20171
Connect With Us:
Copyright © 2019 Innovations. All Rights Reserved. 
Privacy Policy
  |  
Terms & Conditions
Website Design By 
Blue Corona
The information on this website is for informational purposes only; it is deemed accurate but not guaranteed. It does not constitute professional advice. All 
 information is subject to change at any time without notice. Contact us for complete details.

            uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, and personalize content. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
         