888-755-1950
info@linneindustries.com
Energy and Ideas Aligned.
“Our mission is to design and manufacture sustainable energy products that improve the environment, habitat and ecology while providing dynamic solutions for our customers.”
The founders of Industries, have extensive experience in product development, manufacturing and delivering solutions to the on-grid and off-grid electricity markets.
Craig Burton has been an innovator of pond aeration solutions since 2009. The most recent result of his engineering efforts is the PondHawk® (Pat. No. 9,290,398), a fully-integrated, solar direct, subsurface diffused aeration system to improve water quality in ponds, lakes, and lagoons.
Craig developed the PondHawk to address a need that arose — quite literally — in his own back yard. The Burton property includes a 30+ year old pond that suffered from a variety of toxic issues: algae blooms, red-tide like odors and little evidence of life.
Upon investigation, Craig discovered that most of the pond’s problems were related to stagnation and decomposing organic debris. He also learned that subsurface aeration was the optimal way to resolve the underlying issues. Drawing on his extensive off-grid solar experience, Craig created a solar direct subsurface aerator that eliminates the expense and complications of batteries.
Since installing a PondHawk, the Burton’s have enjoyed an algae-free pond that hosts fish, frogs, turtles and a blue heron!
Craig’s career has been singularly focused on solar energy, first designing and building off-grid photovoltaic systems in southern Africa, South America and Southeast Asia. He subsequently gained experience in manufacturing and product design working with several technology companies including Energy. As Energy’s Marketing Product Leader, Craig worked on strategic marketing and product positioning for their on-grid residential solar appliance known as Brilliance.
Born in Brazil of American parents, his extensive Spanish and Portuguese language skills brought him to the emerging international rural power markets of South America where he developed solar products for remote off-grid power applications. Here are a few additional examples• power supply for a camera system on the Kilauea Volcano • Solar micro-grid system for the Ulu Temburong National Park in Brunei • Mobile solar power supply for the Botswana Defense Force • Solar water pumping system in the Dominican Republic • Solar home lighting systems in Miconesia of Craig’s engineering accomplishments.
Sandra Burton is a clean energy business leader with more than twenty years of experience introducing a wide range of innovative electro-technologies to the and international markets. Here are just a few examples• Residential solar water heating • Utility scale photovoltaic systems • Industrial solar thermal technology for poultry processing • Thermal ice storage for district cooling of Sandra’s projects.
After seeing the tangible benefits of subsurface aeration that the PondHawk® delivered on her own property, Sandra recognized the need and opportunity to deliver a unique, high-quality solar powered product to the market. She has in-depth experience working with the electric utility industry and on-grid solar installations, and has drawn on this experience to incorporate features that make the PondHawk a truly utility grade product.
Early in her career, she worked with Sandia National Laboratory, Department of Energy, Hawaiian Electric Company, and the State of Delaware, where she received the Governor’s leadership award for developing and launching a statewide energy efficiency initiative that saved Delawareans over $10 million per year in energy costs.
In 2007, Sandra joined the start-up team at SunEdison where she led the Utility Program team that developed and negotiated the 24 megawatt utility solar program —the first of its kind — with Lakeland Electric, the municipal utility for the City of Lakeland, Florida.
Sandra now utilizes her considerable industry experience in leadership, marketing, business development and solar energy technologies to build and manage and PondHawk®, the solar direct pond aerator.
Sandra has a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from the University of Utah and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Delaware. She is a Certified Energy Manager with the Association of Energy Engineers.
Dr. Mason Reed serves as Senior Technical Advisor, bringing his extensive experience in photovoltaic prototype design, engineering design and manufacturing to the team.
Most recently, Dr. Reed was the Advanced Product Development Engineer for Motech Americas, where he was responsible for the design and certification of next-generation smart modules that incorporated distributed max power point tracking technology.
In 2006, Dr. Reed joined General Electric Solar after completing his Post-Doctoral Research at the National Research Council. While there, he managed the new facilities design and layout that relocated four laboratories combining a deposition lab, microelectronic processing lab, sample preparation lab and an optoelectronic/laser characterization laboratory.
Mason also served as Lead Engineer, where he established the complete manufacturing sequence process for a pilot solar cell line designed to improve solar cell efficiency by 15%. He was the program lead and designer of the Annual Energy Production Simulation Software that predicted photovoltaic power plant energy output within 1% of actual energy yield, which was later used to create system level performance guarantees. He was Program Manager for Solar’s Crystalline Silicon Rooftop System, where he was responsible for the complete design and engineering documentation for a 100 kphotovoltaic power plant for commercial building rooftops. This work required certification of design, coordination of fluid dynamic simulations and wind tunnel testing for wind load determination, and led to 50% reduction in mounting costs and 25% decreased plant assembly time.
Dr. Mason Reed holds a Doctorate in Material Science and Electrical Engineering from North Carolina State University in Raleigh, North Carolina.
As senior marketing advisor for PondHawk, Don Lintvet brings the organization a 35-year history of developing winning product and corporate branding strategies for a wide range of B2and consumer brands.
After graduating with an Master of Arts from the University of Missouri, School of Journalism, Don began his career on the agency side of the marketing and communications business, developing product and branding programs for companies including Marriott Hotels, NorfolkSouthern Railways, Bryan Foods, and Bell South.
In 1983, Don moved to the client side of the marketing business when he joined an early-growth company – – that challenged the nation’s largest long distance monopoly. At MCI, Don served as Director of Corporate Advertising and Sales Promotion during the years that the start-up grew from less than $100 million to more than $10 billion.  Don used this brand-building skill globally as he served as Vice President of Global Branding with Nortel Network.
In 1997, Don was recruited into the newly-emerging deregulated energy business joining EnergyOne as of Marketing and later as of Marketing for Potomac Electric Power Corp. (PEPCO) and the Solar Electric Power Association (SEPA).  
Today, Don is President of MarketSmart Advisors, founded to assist emerging growth companies in the renewable energy and energy efficient markets develop cost-effective marketing strategies.
.
Kimberly Kiener serves as Senior Regulatory Advisor, bringing over 30 years of State and Federal energy policy and regulation experience.
As owner of Birch Island Energy Consulting, Kim provides regulatory, economic and financial consulting services in the areas of energy efficiency programs, transmission and distribution ratemaking, renewable energy, regulatory strategy and policy analysis.
While earning her Masters in Business Administration from the University of Dayton, Kim worked on the consumer side of the energy regulation business, working for the Ohio Consumers Counsel. After a stint with the Vermont Public Service Board, Kim moved to the utility side of the business, working for both investor-owned and public power utilities.
Kim has extensive experience working with organizations including: Environmental Protection Agency, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Department of Energy, National Labs, The Solar Electric Power Association, Solar Energy Association, Western Electricity Coordination Council, Western Governors Association, California Energy Commission, California Public Utilities Commission, CAISO, American Public Power Association, WestConnect, National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners, and over 50 utilities in the Western US.
We’re thrilled that @CityofNewarkhas installed a PondHawk system at the White Chapel #StormwaterPond ! It’s an ho… https://t.co/NRXYG3MBX6 4 days ago
Recent News
• power supply for a camera system on the Kilauea Volcano • Solar micro-grid system for the Ulu Temburong National Park in Brunei • Mobile solar power supply for the Botswana Defense Force • Solar water pumping system in the Dominican Republic • Solar home lighting systems in Miconesia