can.
does.
What if you could replace five formulation platforms with one?
Our Technology does.
Simple Elegant Solution for Addressing Challenges in Drug Delivery
is a late-stage clinical biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of human therapeutics using our proprietary technology to transform the lives of patients. technology is a particle engineering platform that enables precise production of uniform drug particles designed to improve the safety, efficacy and performance of a wide range of therapies. Currently, is developing two product candidates from its own pipeline : LIQ861 for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and LIQ865 for the treatment of local post-operative pain.
Improving health with uniform drug particles
precisely engineers drug particles in a virtually unlimited number of ways to transform the lives of patients. Watch the video to see how we do it. The precision of our technology is designed to improve the safety, efficacy and performance of a wide range of therapies, while reducing manufacturing complexity and cost.
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402Technologies’ mission is to transform patients’ lives with precise drug particles.
Healthcare organizations of all types and sizes are experiencing unprecedented market pressure to deliver better results at reduced costs. is actively tackling some of those challenges.
Liquidia’s method for precisely engineering drug particles to new specification can enhance the therapeutic potential of the molecule for the patient, while minimizing risk and reducing time to market. PRINT® technology gives the pharmaceutical industry the power to produce precise drug particles, clinically-effective products at scale, and in some cases reduce manufacturing complexity and cost.
Technology
Liquidia’s proprietary technology brings the pharmaceutical industry the ability to design drug particles uniformly and in a wide variety of compositions, size and shapes. This novel process can optimize the performance of existing or new therapeutics, whether they are based on small molecules, peptides or biologics. The end result? Medications can work as planned, the first time around, helping patients get better and feel better faster.
particles can be designed to address desired pharmacological benefits, such as optimizing the route of administration, improving solubility, enhancing stability or extending therapeutic effects, with the goal of improving efficacy, safety and convenience for the patient.
This simple, elegant solution is applicable across therapeutic areas, molecule and routes of administration, and offers the opportunity to engineer a range of medicines, including drugs and biologics, single agents and combinations, and vaccines.
Drug delivery have been hampered in adapting to specific challenges, including the drug’s chemical properties. By controlling size, composition and/or shape, the technology can deliver on the potential of drug delivery to improve medicines broadly.
technology allows for rapid transition of PRINT-enabled therapies from the laboratory, to clinical development, to scalable commercial production.
technology changes drug formulation and production through novel and precise engineering techniques, which we believe will enhance clinical efficacy.
This flexible technology can work across a wide range of therapies, according to third-party reviews .
In many cases, pharmaceutical companies can reduce manufacturing costs and complexity, thanks to PRINT’s highly-repeatable and efficient particle fabrication processes.
Marketplace
is applying technology toward internal product development opportunities. The pipeline strategy is focused on improving currently approved products in order to minimize development risk and increase speed to market.
By leveraging technology, Liquidia’s business model is highly capital efficient in the following ways:
is able to improve existing drugs to reach their full therapeutic potential, without having to incur all of the R&expenses of a truly novel molecule.
is a cost-effective, elegant and simple manufacturing process that can create significant improvement in the performance of existing medicines.
Current product candidates in clinical development span LIQ861 for pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) and LIQ865 for local, post-operative pain . Liquidia’s partners including leading pharmaceutical companies such as GlaxoSmithKline, are exploring ways to leverage technology for new therapies.
Box 110085, Research Triangle Park, 27709
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Fowler joined in 2008 after seven years in an executive leadership role at Johnson & Johnson (J&J). While at J&J, he served as President of Centocor, Inc., a multi-billion-dollar subsidiary focused on the development and commercialization of industry-leading biomedicines used to treat chronic inflammatory diseases. At Centocor, Mr. Fowler prepared the company for commercial product launches and continued the company’s legacy of double-digit growth for its flagship product REMICADE® (infliximab). Prior to Centocor, Mr. Fowler served as President of Ortho-McNeil Neurologics Inc. and Vice President of the central nervous system franchise at Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceuticals. He also had a 13-year career at Eli Lilly and Company where he held a variety of sales, marketing and business development roles with increasing responsibilities in the pharmaceutical and medical device divisions. Mr. Fowler received a in Pharmacy and an from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Kevin Gordon
President & Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Gordon oversees finance operations and strategy, corporate development and legal functions for Liquidia. Previously, Mr. Gordon served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc. (now IQVIA), a global biopharmaceutical services provider, where he was responsible for global operations and contributed to the execution of the merger between Health and Quintiles. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President and at Quintiles from 2010 to 2015, leading the financial strategy and corporate development activities. Before joining Quintiles, Mr. Gordon spent 13 years with Teleflex Incorporated, a health care company, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and from 2007 to 2010. Prior to serving at Teleflex, Mr. Gordon spent 12 years in senior finance positions with Package Machinery Company and He currently serves on the board of Veracyte, Inc. Mr. Gordon holds a in accounting from the University of Connecticut.
Robert Lippe
Chief Operations Officer
Mr. Lippe is responsible for all aspects of operations at Liquidia, including manufacturing, supply chain management, quality, facilities, and program management. Prior to joining in 2015, Mr. Lippe served as an Executive Vice President of Operations and Chief Operations Officer at Alexza Pharmaceuticals. In these roles, he had operational oversight for the scale-up and optimization of supply that supported the launch of the company’s first commercial product, and he advanced a platform proof-of-concept which accelerated the company’s product pipeline. He also worked as the Head of Global Operations & Operational Excellence at Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and as the Head of Manufacturing for one of Genentech’s Vacaville operating facilities. Mr. Lippe spent 10 years at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and six years as an officer in the Coast Guard. He received his and degrees from the University of California, Berkeley, and received a degree in Marine Engineering from the United States Coast Guard Academy.
Benjamin Maynor, Ph.D.
Senior Vice President, Research & Development
Dr. Maynor, a co-inventor of Liquidia’s PRINT® technology, oversees research and development at Liquidia. He has initiated several new drug delivery technology initiatives at since joining the company in 2005, including programs in inhaled drug delivery, ophthalmology, and other therapeutic areas. Dr. Maynor earned a Ph.in Chemistry from Duke University, where he focused on nanotechnology and materials chemistry. He also holds a in Chemistry from Harvard University. He has co-authored over 20 peer-reviewed publications in the fields of drug delivery, nano-technology, and colloid science and is a co-inventor of several patents and patent applications in nano-technology and drug delivery
Robert Roscigno, PH.D.
Senior Vice President, Product Development
Dr. Robert Roscigno is Senior Vice President, Product Development and program lead for LIQ861. Before joining in September 2015, Dr. Roscigno served as Executive Vice President, Global Clinical Affairs at GeLLC, where he led the clinical development team working on a novel nitric oxide delivery system. Prior to joining Gein 2009, Dr. Roscigno served as President and of Lung Rx, Inc., where he was responsible for bringing the company’s lead product, Tyvaso®, successfully through Phase 3 development. Over a 10-year period, he served in multiple leadership positions at United Therapeutics Corporation where he helped transform the company from a start-up to a multi-billion-dollar company and was also a key contributor in the successful development and worldwide commercialization of Remodulin™ for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. Dr. Roscigno has more than 20 years of drug development experience relating to pulmonary hypertension, is the co-inventor on five patents and has published numerous articles in scientific journals. He received a Ph.in Cell and Molecular Biology from Duke University and a in Biology from Trinity College.
Jeri Thomas
Senior Vice President, Commercial
Ms. Thomas is responsible for the development and leadership of Liquidia’s commercial strategy. Prior to joining Liquidia, Ms. Thomas was Senior Vice President, Strategic Group Planning at Harrison and Star, a global healthcare marketing agency. Prior to that, she served as Senior Vice President of the Surgical & Perioperative Care Business Unit at The Medicines Company where she led the global commercialization of IONSYS®, the first drug-device combination product for acute postoperative pain. Prior to The Medicines Company, Ms. Thomas was at Janssen Pharmaceuticals (a Johnson & Johnson company) where she held various senior leadership positions including Vice President, Market Strategy & Access for Latin America, Vice President, New Business and New Product Planning, and Director of Marketing, Analgesic Franchise. She has also held management positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb and Hoffman-La Roche Pharmaceuticals. Ms. Thomas obtained her Master of Business Administration in a dual program from the McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University and Business School in Barcelona, Spain. She received a Bachelor of Science in Health Planning and Administration from Penn State University.
Tim Albury
Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer
As Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer, Mr. Albury is responsible for finance and accounting operations at Liquidia. Before joining in 2013, Mr. Albury served as the Chief Financial Officer of Osmotica Pharmaceutical Corp., a multinational specialty pharmaceutical company in the field of osmotic drug delivery. Prior to that, he served as the for Biopharma, a global leader in contract biopharmaceutical drug development. Earlier in his career, Mr. Albury served as the of Ardent Pharmaceuticals, a specialty pharmaceutical company with a broad drug portfolio based upon delta receptor pharmacology. He also spent 12 years in the Assurance & Business Advisory practice of Arthur Andersen, focused on the life sciences and healthcare industries. Mr. Albury is a Certified Public Accountant in North Carolina and Florida and earned his in Professional Accountancy at the University of Miami.
Jason Adair
Vice President, Business Development and Strategy
As Vice President, Business Development and Strategy at Liquidia, Mr. Adair is responsible for pursuing collaboration and licensing opportunities for the company. Prior to joining in 2016, Mr. Adair led business development efforts at BioCryst Pharmaceuticals as their Executive Director of Corporate Development. His work included the commercial launch and subsequent partnering of the company’s first approved drug. He also worked at MedImmune/AstraZeneca in roles of increasing responsibility in business development, marketing and operations. Before entering the pharmaceutical industry, Mr. Adair worked as an analytical chemist for Syngenta and served as an officer in the United States Army. He received an from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College and a in Chemistry from Wake Forest University.
Florina Gordon-Krawchick
Vice President, Human Resources
As Vice President, Human Resources, Ms. Gordon-Krawchick is focused on building a team-based culture of innovation and excellence at Liquidia. In addition to leading the company’s workforce strategies and operations, she oversees recruiting and onboarding, training and leadership development, compensation planning and total rewards, and organizational development. Prior to joining in 2010, Ms. Gordon-Krawchick held multiple Human Resources Business Partner roles at Johnson & Johnson (J&J) across research & development, sales, marketing, commercial and operations. She also led early talent recruitment and development for J&J’s commercial groups across the pharmaceutical businesses. Ms. Gordon-Krawchick received a business degree from George Washington University.
Box 110085, Research Triangle Park, 27709
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402Strategic collaborations are an important component of Liquidia’s short- and long-term plans to accelerate PRINT®-enabled therapies into commercial use. seeks collaborations with global and regional biopharmaceutical leaders, emerging biotech companies and leading academic institutions. and its collaborators come together to create products that solve problems that current therapies are not able to address.
If you are interested in working with us, .
Strategic Collaborations
In June 2012, entered a broad, multi-year collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), which acquired exclusive rights to research and develop certain inhaled therapies using Liquidia’s technology. In September 2015, exercised its option to exclusively license the right to research, develop, and commercialize inhaled therapeutics based on Liquidia’s technology. In July 2018, notified us of its decision to discontinue development of an inhaled antiviral for viral exacerbations in after completion of its related Phase 1 clinical trial. continues to express an interest in using technology for new inhaled programs, though no specific assets have been identified at this time.
Undisclosed Collaborations
is applying its novel technology across multiple therapeutic areas.
Box 110085, Research Triangle Park, 27709
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402Chairman
Dr. Bloch is a General Partner at Canaan Partners. As an early investor and chairman, Dr. Bloch helped Advanced BioHealing (ABH), a leader in regenerative medicine, grow from a seed-stage company to a $750 million all-cash acquisition by Shire. He currently serves on the boards of companies in healthcare (Truveris and Ambra Health); biopharma (Envisia and Liquidia); medical devices (Mitraspan); and diagnostics (Sample6). Before joining Canaan in 2002, Dr. Bloch founded multiple start-ups, including Radiology Management Sciences (RMS), a specialty medical management company, where he was for 6 years. Dr. Bloch obtained his from Dartmouth College, received his in the history of science and public policy from Harvard, and he earned his medical degree from the University of Rochester. Dr. Bloch received his medical training at Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School (radiology) and Lenox Hill Hospital/Cornell Medical School (internal medicine).
Neal Fowler
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Fowler joined in 2008 after seven years in an executive leadership role at Johnson & Johnson (J&J). While at J&J, he served as President of Centocor, Inc., a multi-billion-dollar subsidiary focused on the development and commercialization of industry-leading biomedicines used to treat chronic inflammatory diseases. At Centocor, Mr. Fowler prepared the company for commercial product launches and continued the company’s legacy of double-digit growth for its flagship product REMICADE® (infliximab). Prior to Centocor, Mr. Fowler served as President of Ortho-McNeil Neurologics Inc. and Vice President of the central nervous system franchise at Ortho-McNeil Pharmaceuticals. He also had a 13-year career at Eli Lilly and Company where he held a variety of sales, marketing and business development roles with increasing responsibilities in the pharmaceutical and medical device divisions. Mr. Fowler received a in Pharmacy and an from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Arthur Kirsch
Mr. Kirsch is Director and Senior Advisor, as well as global head of medical devices and diagnostics, of Global, LLC, a global investment banking firm. Mr. Kirsch has been focused on both M&and Capital Markets transactions within the healthcare industry for the past 20 years. Mr. Kirsch’s experience spans advising both public and private companies with extensive knowledge of cross border transactions between the and Asia. Prior to joining Global, he was a executive vice president, head of research at Vector Securities. Previously, Mr. Kirsch was president of Natwest Securities Limited, a foreign owned investment bank.  Mr. Kirsch began his career on Wall Street at Drexel Burnham Lambert and eventually became head of the Equity Division and a member of the firm’s Executive Committee. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors at Aralez, Inc. a public biopharmaceutical company where he is also Chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Kirsch earned a in Finance at the University of Rhode Island and an from The City University of New York.
Edward Mathers
Mr. Mathers joined as a Partner in August 2008 and is focused on biotechnology and specialty pharmaceuticals investments. He is currently a director ObsEva SA, Ra Pharmaceuticals, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals, Synlogic and a number of private life sciences companies. Prior to joining NEA, Mr. Mathers served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Venture, at MedImmune, Inc. Before joining MedImmune in 2002, he was Vice President, Marketing and Corporate Licensing and Acquisitions of Nextar Therapeutics, Inc. Ed spent over 10 years at Glaxo Wellcome, Inc. (GlaxoSmithKline), where he held sales and marketing positions of increasing responsibility. He earned his in chemistry from North Carolina State University.
Seth Rudnick, M.D.
Dr. Rudnick has extensive expertise in drug discovery and development and healthcare investments. Dr. Rudnick is retired from Canaan Partners, where he built the global venture capital firm’s capability in biopharmaceutical investing. Prior to joining Canaan Partners, Dr. Rudnick served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of CytoTherapeutics, a company developing stem cell-based therapies to combat chronic diseases. He also helped found and served as the Head of Research and Development for Ortho Biotech, a division of Johnson & Johnson that provides life-improving products to individuals with a focus on cancer and chronic illnesses. He received his Doctor of Medicine from the University of Virginia. Dr. Rudnick also serves on the Board of Director for G1 Therapeutics.
Raman Singh
Mr. Singh is Chief Executive Officer of Mundipharma Pte Limited, which is part of a network of independent associated companies active in the fields of respiratory, oncology, pain and biosimilars. Prior to joining Mundipharma Pte Limited in October 2011, Mr. Singh served as vice president of commercial operations for emerging markets at In his role, he oversaw all aspects of the brand’s commercial operations across its emerging markets. Mr. Singh has previously held positions at Abbott as the regional director in Australia and New Zealand, and general manager for Korea, as well as various sales, marketing and strategy positions at Bayer. Mr. Singh graduated with a Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering. He also holds Masters of Business Administration from Assumption University and Masters in International Management from Thunderbird School of International Management. He is a brand ambassador for the Singapore Tourism Board, and a governor of the World Economic Forum, Global Health and Healthcare Committee and a part of the advisory board at Manchester City Football Club.
Ralph Snyderman, M.D.
Dr. Snyderman is Chancellor Emeritus, Duke University and James Duke Professor of Medicine in the Duke University School of Medicine. Dr. Snyderman served as Chancellor for Health Affairs and Dean of the School of Medicine from 1989 to July 2004. He oversaw the development of the Duke University Health System and served as its first President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Snyderman was a Venture Partner at New Enterprise Associates, a board member of Procter and Gamble for many years, and Senior Vice President for Medical Research and Development at Genentech, Inc.  He has played a prominent role in the leadership of important national organizations such as the Association of American Physicians, the National Academy of Medicine, and the Association of American Medical Colleges, which recognized him a founder of personalized medicine.  Dr. Snyderman is the recipient of numerous prestigious awards and honors as well as a major contributor to nearly 400 scientific manuscripts and numerous books.
Box 110085, Research Triangle Park, 27709
Tel +1 919-328-4400
Fax +1 919-328-4402About Technology
Pipeline
Investors
Newsroom
Careers
Contact Us
About Technology
Pipeline
Investors
Newsroom
Careers
Contact Us
Business Development
Business Development
is actively seeking life science partners to collaborate with and/or license its 
PRINT® technology
 to enhance drug design and development activities across a range of therapeutic areas, molecule types, and routes of administration.
particles can be designed to help partners address specific pharmacological or therapeutic objectives, such as enhancing the route of administration, improving solubility, enhancing stability or extending therapeutic effects. Using our technology, we are able to engineer, among others, small molecule and biologic particles, single agent drug and combination drug particles and vaccine particles to improve efficacy, safety and convenience for patients.
Please fill out this form if you are interested in working with us. We look forward to hearing from you!
Overview
Leadership
Board of Directors
Collaborations
Business Development
Home
About — Leadership
— Board of Directors
— Collaborations
— Business Development
Technology
— Publications
Pipeline
— LIQ861
— LIQ865
Investors
Newsroom
© 2019 Legal
Privacy
Cookies
Social Media