by flow cytometry
Measure Pig-a gene mutation
Analyze multiple endpoints
and similar compounds are currently being considered for treatment and prevention of disease. Using the MultiFlow assay, these nitroxide radical compounds were determined to have a clastogenic Mode of Action (MoA).
Article Receives Editor's Choice Award
Litron’s recent article in Environmental and Molecular Mutagenesis has received the Editor’s Choice award. This article describes a novel method for simultaneously measuring liver micronuclei and hepatocyte proliferation.
Health Canada investigators used MicroFlow kits to demonstrate that extracts from a coal tar based driveway sealant increased micronucleus frequencies in mice.
Events & Announcements
Whether we’re launching a new product, hosting a webinar, or attending a meeting, you can learn about our latest advances by clicking here .
Publications
Litron’s scientists are passionate about research and regularly publish results in peer-reviewed journals. Building on our methods, scientists from around the world also continue to pursue many fascinating lines of research. Click here to see the different ways these methods are being used to protect human health.
Featured Publications
Scientists from around the world are continually pursuing interesting lines of research using Litron’s methods. In order to highlight their work, we turn our spotlight to recently published articles. Click here to explore these selected research endeavors.
Videos
Have questions about how a step in the manual is executed? Videos showing how to perform Litron’s methods can be accessed by clicking here .flow cytometric methods
has spent the last 40 years providing critical data to pharmaceutical, medical device, government and contract research organizations around the world. With a laser focus on damage and other toxic effects, we develop state-of-the-art flow cytometric methods to solve challenging problems for the toxicology industry.
Based on these methods, we have created kits for your use. Whether you prefer shipping samples to us, or analyzing them yourself with your own in-house flow cytometer, we have a solution for you.
Unique to is the personal touch you receive. Our free, unlimited, technical support puts you in contact with the same scientists who developed these advanced methods. We are always a phone call or email away to review your flow cytometry plots or help fine-tune your study design.
Vision
Our vision is to transform the toxicology industry by developing the most advanced testing methods
in the world. We focus on innovation to help our clients ensure the safety of their products.
Mission
Our mission is to protect human health by creating the best research
tools available for evaluating the effects of toxic compounds.
Values
MANAGEMENT
opportunities and invests for the future.
TEAM
individuals who are given the opportunity to
innovate and make a difference in the world.
WORKPLACE
a healthy work-life balance.