About Us
is a closely held, veteran-owned company. With an emphasis on innovation, the company has developed unique, groundbreaking products for the molecular testing market that meet critical unmet needs in both the Developed Developing World.
Gerald Fischer, MD, is the Chairman Chief Executive Officer of an internationally recognized leader in pediatric infectious disease care research. He received a from Lewis Clark College in 1968 an from the University of Oregon Medical School in 1971. In the mid-1980s, he was the lead investigator of the multi-site clinical trial of polyclonal antibodies to prevent bacterial infections in premature babies, which led to the discovery that anti-antibodies could prevent pneumonia. Dr. Fischer served as the Director of Pediatric Research for the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences directed a large clinical Pediatric Infectious Disease program at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. He was appointed Professor of Pediatrics in 1981 was named a Fellow in the Infectious Disease Society of America. He has written 12 book chapters over 100 peer-reviewed journal articles on preventing treating infections in children.  Dr. Fischer has been the of multiple biotechnology companies since he co-founded Virion Systems Inc. in 1988, supporting the development of multiple products to include MedImmune's Synagis.
Jeff Fischer, MBA, is the President of is responsible for oversight of all non-scientific aspects of the organization to include regulatory affairs. Mr. Fischer co-founded the company has served as its Chief Financial Officer from 2007-2017. From 1998-2005, Mr. Fischer served as an executive vice president in the biotechnology industry. He is a former infantry officer in the United States Marine Corps holds an from the University of Texas at Austin.
Luke Daum, Ph.is Executive Vice President Chief Scientific Officer for Diagnostics. He received a from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor (1996), an from Central Michigan University (1999) a Ph.in Cell & Molecular Biology from the University of Texas at San Antonio (2006). Starting in 1999, he worked as a Civilian Scientist for the Air Force Institute for Operational Health (AFIOH). Dr. Daum possesses extensive experience with respiratory pathogens, molecular epidemiology the development of pathogen diagnostics. He has trained several personnel, has published over 25 peer-reviewed scientific papers on molecular diagnostics, has presented over 50 scientific abstracts lectures, holds several patents.
Dawn Litterio, CPA, MBA, is the Chief Financial Officer.  Dawn is responsible for all the accounting, financial reporting, human resource aspects of the company. She has worked in a similar capacity in the biotech industry for the past 15 years, for a total of over 30 years’ experience in accounting finance in other industries. Dawn holds a in Accounting from Loyola University, New Orleans an from the University of Maryland.  She is also a licensed in the state of Maryland.
Chris Helm, MBA, is the Executive Vice President of Global Business Development. Originally from South Africa, Chris has lived worked in the UK, US, China, Japan Hong Kong, brings over 30 years of international business knowledge experience to the organization.   Chris holds a in Agricultural Economics from the University of Reading, Englan in International Business from the Shidler College of Business at the University of Hawai`i where he later taught in their Japan, China, the Vietnamese programs in Honolulu Hanoi.  After a marketing business development career in animal genetics, health nutrition, Chris founded the Asia Pacific Marketing Group in Hong Kong with offices in Hanoi Ho Chi Minh City, then held concurrent positions of Senior Advisor to the Vice President of Research Interim Director, Office of Research Services, at the University of Hawaii, helping to run all of the university-wide research, before joining Cellular Bioengineering Inc in Honolulu as Director, Commercial Operations.
©2018 