Optical-based technology has become increasingly in-demand across a wide range of massive global markets like space, military, automotive, and the industrial sector due to its many benefits, including:       lower maintenance cost, higher performance, improved relaibility and greater data throughput and bandwidth.
components and systems are frequently being implemented in drones, by aerospace and defense engineers for land, sea, air, and space applications, in intelligent transportation systems like smart highways with intelligent traffic lights, automated tollbooths, and changeable message signs, and across the biomedical industry for transmission of digital diagnostic images.
Medical infrared (IR) Imaging, sometimes known as Thermography, offers interesting diagnostics for many diseases, bruises and other surface injuries. It is a technique that can image the temperature distribution, blood flow and other irregularities resulting from various disease related abnormalities. This technique is becoming increasingly popular because of its non-invasive approach. is developing highly sensitive infrared focal plane arrays and tools to assist doctors with unprecedented resolution and sensitivity for accurate diagnostics procedures.
Modeling and Simulation
Our modeling and simulation capability uses state-of-the-art tools empowered by or proprietary models to fully design, evaluate and analyze optoelectronic and devices.
Detector & Design
Powered by our modeling capabilities, we offer a full suite of infrared detectors and focal plane array design and implementation services. We can also help your fabrication needs.
Our nanostructured coatings offer broadband anti-reflection technology that is unique. Our technology produces maximum transmission over wide angle of incidence.
We are pushing solar cell efficiencies through our innovative approaches in nanostructured materials design that harnesses energy from a broadband of wavelengths.
& Consultation
Our vast and diverse experience positions us for offering you the best consultancy. We work with Government and Industry to offer value in R&and technology demonstration.Technologies, Inc. is a start-up company consisting of a talented group of people.  This group includes experts in materials technology, device development, chip packaging, foundry operations, skilled technicians, and contracts/finance.  Collectively, this group represents more than a hundred year of experience in the advanced devices for communications.      management is made up of a world class team working at the forefront of science and technology with extensive experience in technology commercialization.
Dr. Ashok Sood is President and of Solar, Inc., and its subsidiary Technologies, Inc.  He is a 30-year industry veteran with experience that includes developing and managing solar cells, optical, and optoelectronics technology products for several major corporations, including Lockheed-Martin, Systems, Loral, Honeywell, and Tyco International. Dr. Ashok Sood developed and managed and optoelectronics technology for these companies as a senior manager in the optoelectronics group and worked to develop ribbon silicon solar cells, CdTe, Cdand HgCdTe, GaN/AlGaN, Znsemiconductor devices. Many of the and products developed have become large product lines at these companies.
Dr Sood was involved in design and development of solar cells at Mobil-Tyco Solar Energy Corporation now under the management of RWE-Schott Solar. He contributed to design and development of Silicon Ribbon solar cells and was instrumental in design improvements to enhance the solar cell efficiency of ribbon solar cells. Dr Sood was also Senior Engineer at Tyco Laboratories, Inc., (now Tyco International) where he built and set up and electronic measurement facilities for silicon p-n junction solar cells and developed processes for building high efficiency solar cells for space applications.  This work led to a joint venture with Kyoto Ceramics in Japan.
Dr. Sood has also led the development of optoelectronics and imaging devices using CdTe, HgCdTe, Gaand Znfor various defense applications, including EO, and imaging, secure communications, and self-protection applications. Dr. Sood has led the efforts resulting in sponsorship of several projects.  He has also led various industry and University teams bridging centers of excellence for material sciences across the United States.
Dr. Sood received his Ph.and in Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania and has an and a in Physics (Honors) from Delhi University in India.  At the University of Pennsylvania, he was part of the Optical/Semiconductor Materials technology group, where he attended seminars given by two Nobel Laureates in Physics.  His Ph.dissertation was on the study of optoelectronic properties of PbS/Cdfor detector and laser applications in the visible to near infrared spectral bands.  Dr. Sood has also taken management courses and attended professional development programs at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.  Dr. Sood is a member of and the He has chaired sessions on and nanotechnology at conferences of those organizations.
Dr. Yash Puri
Dr. Yash Puri is Executive Vice President of Solar Inc and its subsidiary Technologies, Inc. He is responsible for overseeing financial operations. Yash brings many years of photovoltaic technology and applications experience both in the private sector and in the academia. Dr. Puri brings experience in startup environment and growth management to the team.  He was of Finance for a privately held equipment manufacturer serving the solar industry, and was actively involved in managing this high technology business to grow to revenue of about $20 million. He is also a Professor of Finance at the University of Massachusetts where he worked on grants and was director of a technology commercialization program for engineering students.
Previously Dr. Puri was of Finance for Equipment Technologies, Inc., (presently known as Solar, Inc. NASDAQ: SOLR), an equipment manufacturer serving the semiconductor and the photovoltaic industries. He helped this high technology startup, formed in 1994, to grow to revenue of about $20 million. The company won many rewards and much recognition; it was a New England finalist in the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award. In this position, he was actively involved in running a high-technology business, and he successfully negotiated a $3.5 million line of credit with a major bank, established an audit relationship with one of the big-five accounting firms, established a foreign sales corporation, implemented a R&credit program to reduce tax liabilities, and established company-wide management software to integrate manufacturing and financial operations. Near the end of his term there, he also successfully negotiated the company's first subordinated debt issue.
Dr. Puri is also a Professor of Finance at the University of Massachusetts. Dr. Puri was Principal Investigator of a photovoltaic commercialization project as well as several other grants, and has been a director of a technology commercialization program for engineering students, Chairman of the Management and Finance Department, and acting Associate Dean. In these positions, he successfully managed several externally funded projects and developed many years of experience in technology and growth management.
Dr. Puri holds a in Physics, a in Solid State Physics, and a from the University of Delhi.  He also holds a in Finance and a in International Business from Indiana University, Bloomington. He has published many papers and has made numerous conference presentations.
Dr. Roger Welser
Technology
Dr. Welser is responsible for leading the development of next-generation photonic devices and high efficiency solar cells employing advanced nanostructured materials and coatings.  Dr. Welser received his Ph.in Applied Physics from Yale University in 1995 and an undergraduate degree with honors in Physics from Swarthmore College in 1989.  Prior to joining in August of 2009, Dr. Welser served as Director of Technology and New Product Development at Kopin Corporation.
© All Rights ReservedCOMPANY
Technologies, Inc. is a start-up company consisting of a talented group of people.  This group includes experts in materials technology, device development, chip packaging, foundry operations, skilled technicians, and contracts/finance.  Collectively, this group represents more than a hundred year of experience in the advanced devices for communications.  This group is highly motivated by the chance to create new devices and applications as part of a start-up operation.
In addition to this dedicated team, has established a Technical Advisory Board.  Members of this Technical Advisory Board are involved with advanced research throughout the country.  will fund initial development work in these laboratories to cut development cost and time.  staff will work with these laboratories and manage the development effort.  The patent rights and intellectual property will be owned by Magnolia.  This strategy gives access to the technical infrastructure existing in these facilities to reduce time-to-market.
The team has first hand experience in growth processes, device development, and running the business in their present positions.  The network of personal contacts available throughout this community, coupled with a "dream team" Technical Advisory Board, make a very viable venture.
President and CEOVISION
Magnolia's vision is to become the leading provider of research, analysis and products in optoelectronics.
specializes in developing innovative with a broad range of commercial, defense, Border Security and biomedical applications.
Our team's mission is to develop next generation technology that covers the ultraviolet, visible, and infrared portions of the light spectrum and will improve upon and expand the capabilities of existing sensors on the market today.
From military defense, to border security, to aerospace, to biomedical devices and beyond, is committed to leading the way in the advancement of cutting-edge optoelectronic with numerous industry-spanning applications.
With tens of millions of dollars (approximately 18 Million to date) in research and development grants secured from the Department of Defense and NASA, is now ready to productize and commercialize our technology for use at the business and government levels.
President and 128 North (also 95 North)
Take Exit 36 for Washington Street. Stay in right lane taking a right at lights at end of the ramp onto Washington Street.      Get in left lane and go through adjoing traffic light and take first driveway on left into Cummings Park office complex and proceed toward rear of complex to left end of second large office building. Enter door marked "52 A-D".
128 South (also 95 South)
On I-95 South (also 128 South) take the exit (Exit 36) for Washington Street. Stay in right lane taking a right at end of the ramp and proceed up the hill to traffic lights. Take a right onto Washington Street. Get in left lane and go through two adjoining sets of lights and take first driveway on left into Cummings Park office complex and proceed toward rear of complex to left end of second large office building. Enter door marked "52 A-D".
From 93 North
Take Exit for I-95 South (also 128 South). On I-95 South (also 128 South) take the first exit (Exit 36) for Washington Street. Stay in right lane taking a right at end of the ramp and proceed up the hill to traffic lights. Take a right onto Washington Street. Get in left lane and go through two adjoining sets of lights and take first driveway on left into Cummings Park office complex and proceed toward rear of complex to left end of second large office building. Enter door marked "52 A-D".
From 93 South
Take Exit for I-95 South (also 128 South). On I-95 South (also 128 South)      take the first exit (Exit 36) for Washington Street and follow the directions      as above.
President and CEOMagnolia's key competitive advantage is the know-how of successful heterogeneous integration of dissimilar semiconductor materials in a compact integrated package:
Knowledge of systems engineering trade-offs to partition performance requirements for each component in the module building block for optimum performance
Design for very high-speed requirements for device structures
Significant knowledge in nanostructured materials and heterostructures
Robust network of people and organization with significant capabilities
leverages its' large network of partners and consultants. While a small start-up company, has assembled a world class team working at the forefront of science and technology. The team has extensive technology commercialization      experience. is also well positioned to further expand its' team as required by developing business needs. The technical and advisory teams also provides with inroads to the brightest new talent entering the market. can bring its' core capabilities to shorten development to market product cycle by leveraging it's extensive network of partners.      has developed an ambitious product and technology development roadmap that is very flexible and can be adapted as needed.
President and CEO