Advisory Board
has a very dynamic management and advisory board members with significant experience in a wide range of areas including executive management of small and large enterprises, research and development and academia.
Dr. Zhong Wang
Professor Wang is a world-renowned expert in nanostructure growth and characterization of semiconductor materials and devices for Energy harvesting technology and is a distinguished professor and director, at the Center for Nanostructure Characterization at Georgia Tech University.
Professor Wang has done pioneering work on Zinc Oxide (ZnO), Zinc Sulphide (ZnS) and related materials based nanostructures, i.e. nanowires and nanorods growth technology, growth demonstration and pioneering work in its applications for Energy harvesting technology and other optical sensor applications. His Pioneering work in Nanogenerators for Energy harvesting has been recognized worldwide as one of the 10 most impacting technology for the next 10-30 years by Technology Review, New Scientist and other International publications. He is an inventor or co-inventor of many patents and has authored or co-authored more than 650 publications, many of which were published in some of the most prestigious journals. Amongst many other high honors, Professor Wang is a Fellow of the American Physical Society (APS) and American Association of Advancement of Science (AAAS).
Dr. Tom Surek
Dr Surek's career in photovoltaic, or PV, the direct conversion of sunlight to electricity, dates back more than 37 years to the formative stages of terrestrial programs. Dr Surek began his pioneering work on the growth of shaped silicon crystals at Harvard University in 1973, followed by research at Mobil Tyco Energy Corporation from 1975 to 1978. His innovative work on shaped crystal growth of silicon has culminated in the first of the new technologies to be commercialized on a large scale, the edge-defined film-fed growth, or EFG, process.
Dr Surek joined the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, or NREL, in 1978 and served in a program management capacity during his entire SERI/career of nearly 29 years until his retirement in July 2007. For his last 20 years at NREL, Dr Surek led R&activities in thin film photovoltaics as manager of the Program for the Department of Energy, or Under his leadership, world-record efficiencies were achieved in crystalline silicon, thin-film, and concentrator cells, and many of these technologies are now being commercialized worldwide.
Following his retirement from NREL, Dr Surek has been active as a world renowned consultant and continues his professional career to promote clean, renewable energy technologies. He expects to apply his more than 37-year experience in technologies to help advance the adoption of systems to produce clean, cost-effective electricity in residential, commercial, and utility-scale applications.
Dr. Fred Schubert
Professor Schubert is a world-renowned expert in optoelectronic devices and nanostructure-based antireflection coating technology and a Wellfleet Senior Constellation Professor of physics at the Rensselear Polytechnic Institute (RPI) in Troy, NY.Renewable
Economical
Scalable
Environmentally safe
Career Opportunity
 strives to assemble a diverse and talented group of associates. Periodically, we look for high caliber scientists, engineers, managers and technicians with research and development experience in the area of semiconductor, nanotechnology, and cell product development. We are looking for technical knowledge in materials science, semiconductor, semiconductor materials processing, physics & chemistry, module integration and packaging engineering. Experience with standard processing tools, materials growth techniques, device fabrication & testing etc. are considered as essential requirements. To find more information about a job opportunity with us please 
contact us
US
Solar, Inc.
Inc.Magnolia's Quest
is working in several directions to help drive the cost of power down to achieve parity with power delivered by the electricity grid. In pursuing this quest, we use revolutionary photovoltaic cell device designs and methods of manufacturing.
There are wide disparities in the consumption of electric power among the countries of the world. In the United States we consume about 12,900 kilo-Watt-hour (kWh) electricity per capita annually. In contrast, that number is about 2,175 kWh in China and about 465 kWh in India. As we pursue grid parity in photovoltaic technology, we seek to help provide electricity to the about two billion people in the world who do not have access to electric power at present with a viable alternative. Our quest is help reduce these wide disparities in electricity consumption.
We believe that as disparity in electricity consumption is reduced, increases in power consumption will help improve economic life for people who have no or limited access to electric power.
We seek to be a part of the many forces in the world that are working towards improving economic life in the developing parts of the world. We aim to help accomplish this goal while reducing dependence on fossil fuels and helping to reduce carbon emissions by providing a low-cost, high efficiency modular source of electric power that is at par with what the cost for electricity is in most of the developed world.
In addition to developing economically viable commercial products, is also seeking to develop cell products for military ground forces, avionics and space systems.
US
Albany , 12203
(518) 618-4200 (PHONE)
(518) 514-1200 (FAX)About Solar, Inc. strives to develop and produce low cost, high efficiency, thin film cell modules.      Our goal is to make strong impact towards green technology.
Advantage
Magnolia´s thin film cells offer      - substantially lower cost than crystalline cells,      use less expensive materials, significant gains in efficiency vs.      other thin film cells and modules by application of proprietary nano/micro technologies;      and, has the potential for lowest cost/watt technology.
At Solar, Inc. our main priority is to provide customers and business partners with unparalleled & D, product development, manufacturing strategy and new generation products in cell industry. Our cell solutions address three primary goals:
Efficiency - employs multiple approaches using nano/micro materials processes and a proprietary composite design to a broader spectrum of light energy.
Cost - Unlike high cost multi-layer triple junction cell design, technology uses a proprietary inexpensive materials and process to reduce cost per unit power.
Manufacturing - Our solutions are developed to enable scalable manufacturing strategy at lower cost per unit.
Corporate
Our leadership, business model and technology defines our success.      We strive to assemble a diverse and talented group of associates to drive our business in a thriving cell industry.      leadership is committed to green revolution. Our approach focuses on overall efficiency to deliver renewable, economical, scalable and environmentally safe technology.      management is guided by the Company's core values of care, integrity, teamwork, commitment and excellence.
has a well defined strategic approach that includes:
Seasoned executive management and technical team
Extensive industrial experience with advanced degrees
Key technology development funded by federal government agencies such as DARPA, DoD, and NASA
& base in Micro and Nano technology for cell
robust network of technology partners
US
Albany , 12203
(518) 618-4200 (PHONE)
(518) 514-1200 (FAX)Magnolia's Values
management is guided by the Company's core values of care, integrity, teamwork, commitment and excellence.
Care - We care for the benefit and security of everyone associated with our business operations, we keep an open and transparent chain of communication with employees, customers, partners and suppliers. We empower our people by cultivating a positive environment through support, rewards and recognition. We take time to ensure support and growth of our community and protect the environment.
Integrity - Our business operation and staff integrity is very important to us. We take pride in our services to customers by providing honest, trustworthy and professional advice and value added products, while keeping the overall cost and carbon foot-print manageable.
Teamwork - We believe in teamwork. Achieving energy independence is a cooperative teamwork between our employees, partners and suppliers; and above all we treat our customers as part of our team to synergistically offer most value for the price.
Commitment - The possibility of achieving energy independence depends on one thing - commitment. is committed to deliver the promise of green technology through innovation in new generation cells and other future energy devices first for our nation and finally for the world. We realize that we have a role to play in the green revolution and we are fully committed to play that role towards the energy reclamation for the long-term.
Excellence - To be more competitive and successful we believe in excellence. We take pride in our work and our staff. We strive to find ways for excellence by defining better protocols, standards of operation, safety, quality and constantly creating a learning environment that adheres to our core values and best business practices.
We Believe in:
Responsibility to offer better life for the future generation
Protecting our natural resources
Mother nature offers ample energy to harvest from
Albany , 12203
(518) 618-4200 (PHONE)
(518) 514-1200 (FAX)Magnolia's Vision
By one estimate, some two billion people at present have no access to electricity. Our vision is to deploy power everywhere, since many of those without electricity are not connected to the power grid. Of all the sources of electricity, power is the
only modularly scalable power source. Traditional sources of electricity such as hydro, coal, nuclear, and natural gas require setting up a plant that connects to the supply grid. Even wind energy farms have to be centralized to generate several hundred megawatt power to be cost effective. In comparison, power can be an effective source of electricity for projects that require from a few kilowatts electricity to several hundred megawatt power. The scalability of the electric power makes it the unique technology to deploy wherever there is no grid or when large electricity generation is needed to supplement output of a power plant to meet electricity requirements during the peak demand hours.
plans to become a major supplier of power by serving both commercial and defense market. By supplying high efficiency, low cost panels, we expect development of applications that will help sustain life in areas with no grid. There are several applications that can benefit this decentralized power market. These applications include power to extend hours of economic activity, access to telecommunications, preservation of medical supplies, and improvement in night-time security. For the defense markets, is developing its technology of flexible substrates so that the power modules can be packed and stowed when not in use. Our vision is to provide a portable source for our soldiers to recharge batteries for electronic gear while on filed missions away from a base.
is developing its technology in the New York's Capital Region and plans to establish its first manufacturing facilities in this area to create high-paying technical jobs in the United States. Based on recent developments in the photovoltaic market, while many silicon crystal technology based manufacturers have moved overseas to use cheap labor, companies using thin-film technologies have continued to sustain operations in the By adding high value in its product, expects that it will create high paying jobs in the while competing effectively with foreign manufacturers.
Many state governments or agencies have established aggressive goals to use renewable energy to meet a portion of their electricity requirement. For example, New York has established an aggressive goal commonly referred to as 30x15, which aims to acquire 30 percent of its electricity requirements from renewable sources. By providing a domestic source of cost-effective power, Magnolia's vision is to help state and federal governments meet their targets of renewable energy deployment while creating high-paying jobs in the United States.
US
Albany , 12203
(518) 618-4200 (PHONE)
(518) 514-1200 (FAX)is a Delaware Corporation incorporated in January 2008. The Company was formed with a vision to realize and participate in the green energy revolution of America. The founders of understand the success, security and bright future of our nation relies in the energy independence. To fulfill the promise of green technology, has assembled a world-class management team to implement its product and business strategies. The Company's & team has demonstrated experience in conducting state-of-the-art research to determine technology trends and then develop products to meet that demand, significantly ahead of the competition. The founder and have substantial experience in successfully introducing new technology in a robust market. The Company is working to protect its intellectual property and adding key technical personnel to validate and commercialize new generation of cell technologies.
Solar's mission is to commercialize its nanotechnology-based, high efficiency, thin film technology that can be deposited on glass and other flexible structures. This technology has the ability to capture a larger part of the spectrum to produce high efficiency cells, and incorporates very unique nanostructure-based antireflection coating technology to further increase the cell's efficiency thereby reducing the cost per watt. The Company's goal is to increase its cell efficiency from the present thin film cells of 8%-10% to those rivaling crystalline silicon based cells at substantially lower cost.
Albany , 12203
(518) 618-4200 (PHONE)
(518) 514-1200 (FAX)will pursue specific, definable, market segments with a multi-tiered, multi-channel approach. We will leverage our technologies with a licensing agreement in one key area and a direct sales and distribution strategy in the other using established distributors. We will look to foreign markets in the future through established distributors for additional revenue. Our proven nanotechnology approach offers significant innovation to revolutionize technology.
Our competitive edge lies with our technology and our philosophy. Our technology is designed to improve cell efficiency at significantly lower cost.  We believe in customer satisfaction and quality assurance. Through years of research and experience we have developed energy solutions that are more cost effective and will make broad integration cheaper and easier than ever. In addition, we aim to provide technology to pave the way to achieve green energy for our nation and increase employment in the New York and Boston area. Our company will strive to provide disruptive products through proprietary nanotechnology.
We believe that the enormous task of energy independence will be a cooperative endeavor. Therefore, our strategy includes partnership with other companies, universities and government agencies.
Our Strategy:
Develop our international reach and presence
Establish strategic global capabilities
Add value by creating new strategic market positions
Albany , 12203
(518) 618-4200 (PHONE)
(518) 514-1200 (FAX)