We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing with our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.
Accept and close
Cookie policy
Our Products
Waste Compactors
Recycling Products
Organics Processing
Parts
Resources
Compactor & Baler Info For Architects
Technical Support
Contact Us
Rep Locator 
SEARCH
Search
Galaxy 2 Ram Balers
Ultimate combination of power and efficiency.
Auger Compactors
Auger Compactors have superior volume reduction and lower maintenance cost.
Waste Compactors
Auger Compactors
Self-Contained Compactors
Stationary Compactors
Compactor Containers
Precrushers
Transfer System Compactors
Apartment Compactors
Compactor Options
Heavy-Duty Vertical Balers
Solar-Hybrid Compactors
Cart Dumpers
Recycling Products
Heavy-Duty Vertical Balers
Auto-Tie Horizontal Balers
Manual-Tie Horizontal Balers
Two-Ram Balers
Conveyors
Systems
Recycling Perforators
Cart Dumpers
Auger Compactors
Organics Processing
Anaerobic Digestion Systems
Burcell® System
Organics Co-Collection
Parts
Government Purchasing through Sourcewell
Read More
AST-440 Twin Auger Compactor
Designed to compact large volumes of waste material
Read More
Ready Baler Program
commercial balers are ready when you are with our Ready Baler Program.
Read More
The best balers and compactors in the business.
At Equipment, crushing and converting bulk into manageable payload is just another day at the office.
Read More
is known throughout the world as a leading manufacturer of onsite waste balers and compactors for recycling. Through innovative products, industry expertise, and superior customer service, is the partner of choice for businesses and municipalities who need to quickly and efficiently process solid waste and recyclables. 
About Us
FAQs
Training
Parts
Brochure Downloads
Warranty
Benefits of Compaction
Selection Criteria
Events and Trade Shows
Social
Merchandise
Find Us
Partnered with
Visit the other members of the family:
Dover Corporation
 - 								
Industry Links
 - 								
Terms of Use
 - 								
Privacy Policy
 - 								
Transparency in Supply Chains
Back to TopWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing with our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy. Accept and close Cookie policy
Building a Legacy of Performance, Innovation, Quality, and Service
is known throughout the world as a leading manufacturer of on-site waste compaction and recycling systems.
is organized into three business segments aligned with the evolving needs of customers in the global solid waste and recycling industry:
The Compaction Solutions group offers durable high-quality compactors, compactions containers, and transfer systems for solid waste handling applications
The Recycling Solutions group offers creative solutions for today’s recycling, solid waste, and material handling challenges. Our is designed for a wide variety of recycling and scrap processing operations and includes precision-built auto-tie, two-ram, and manual-tie horizontal and vertical balers, conveyors, and complete systems.
The Renewable Energy Solutions group is working with Zero Waste Energy of Lafayette, California to address the needs of the globally expanding waste-to-energy market. Together we are helping customers implement environmentally friendly anaerobic digestion technology to convert organic waste into usable energy sources such as electricity and compressed natural gas (CNG).
is committed to the developing skilled teams at every level of the organization whose diverse educational, professional, and life experiences drive technical innovation, business leadership, and the pursuit of excellence. If you would like to become part of the Team, please review the current employment opportunities by clicking the link below.
provides premier, innovative solutions that process, transport, and transform the solid waste stream into sustainable resources that benefit our customers and communities.
About Dover:
Dover is a diversified global manufacturer with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. We deliver innovative and components, specialty systems and support services through four major operating segments: Energy, Engineered Systems, Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Dover combines global scale with operational agility to lead the markets we serve. Recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 60 years, our team of over 29,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what's possible. Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois, Dover trades on the New York Stock Exchange under "DOV". Additioinformationions is available at  www.dovercorporation.com .
Visit the other members of the family: