We are a key supplier of plasma and rapid thermal processing equipment to the global semiconductor industry. Our processing equipment utilizes innovative technologies to deliver advanced processing capabilities and high productivity for the fabrication of current and next-generation integrated circuits. Our equipment and technologies are used by leading memory, foundry and logic device manufacturers, worldwide. New innovations from in Atomic Surface Engineering address the most critical 3logic and memory manufacturing challenges.
We maintain our global headquarters in Fremont, California, with design and manufacturing centers in the United States and Germany. We also maintain a global sales and support organization focused on developing strong, long-term customer relationships. Our global customer support organization is headquartered in California, with sales and support teams located in China, France, Germany, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan and the United States.
EVOLUTION
was founded in 1988 in Fremont, California. After breaking into the semiconductor equipment industry as a leading supplier of dry strip equipment, we expanded our portfolio of processing equipment to also include plasma etch, rapid thermal anneal and millisecond anneal. In addition to our product portfolio, we have also grown an extensive portfolio of intellectual property including key technologies under worldwide patents. In May 2016, was acquired by Beijing’s E-Town Capital. Our new investor’s vision is that Technology, with its Silicon Valley DNA, will continue to operate as a global, market-driven provider serving the worldwide semiconductor manufacturing customers.
As we approach our 30th anniversary, we continue to be fully committed to developing process equipment and technologies to address our customers’ evolving needs for high productivity solutions for the consumer-driven electronics market. Our focus on delivering “on-wafer results” is fundamental to our philosophy of providing increasing value to our customers. We continually strive to increase the total value of our solutions by enabling our customers to cost-effectively produce next-generation chips with ever-greater density and functionality.Quality
We deliver quality by exceeding customer expectations in all that we do and through the continuous improvement of our quality and quality systems.
At Technology, quality is the responsibility of every individual. It is a key element of our core philosophies and integrated into our business processes. To solidify our quality and business processes, has received global certification to the  9001:2015 standard .
has embraced the following key initiatives as part of our global quality system:
Customer Focus – Achieving customer astonishment by increasing quality to the customer, driving corrective and preventive actions through surveys, failure analysis, trend data and quality specifications
Process Approach – Process improvements by breaking down barriers, increasing the efficiency of our processes through metrics as well as process studies
Continual Improvement – Creating a culture of improvement through Kaizen, structured problem-solving techniques and employee involvement
Supply Chain Collaboration – We have developed strategic partnerships with our suppliers, and these relationships are helping us to enhance our competitive position, drive business success and create added value for our stakeholdersTechnology’s commitment to the environment, health and safety are expressed in our policies and practices. is certified to comply with the stringent requirements of the 14001: 2004 environmental standard .
Environment
embraces its role as a corporate steward through our efforts to preserve and protect the environment. It is our policy to assure the environmental integrity of our processes and facilities.
This is achieved through an environmental management system that assures compliance to both legal and other environmental requirements to which we subscribe, the efficient use of resources, waste reduction, and that strives to prevent the release of materials to the environment in which we all live.
Through our continual improvement processes, we will pursue opportunities to become the environmental leader in each of our business segments.
Health and Safety
Our health and safety goal is to send all of our employees home safe and healthy each and every day.
recognizes that there is no job that we perform that is so important that it cannot be done safely. Protecting the health and safety of all employees and personnel supporting our Company is of paramount value to our business. This policy is backed through actions that include:
Constant vigilance by all to identify hazards and mitigate their risks
Meeting or exceeding all occupational health and safety legal requirements in the markets where we do business
Recognizing the contributions of our employees and support personnel in our health and safety programs
Compelling desire to always do better in the areas of health and safety
Prevention of injuries and illness in the workplace is good business practice and a benefit to all stakeholders of the Company.