About Us
is a privately held, high-tech manufacturing company supplying a variety of precision components to the aerospace and gas turbine engine industries. The company began as & Die in 1951, and has evolved over the years into an industry leader in turbine technologies, vertically integrated and offering all post casting processes as the trusted manufacturing partner. currently has over 1,100 electrical discharge machining (EDM) machines (wire, ram, and fast hole drilling). not only specializes in , but also waterjet machining , conventional machining, abrasive grinding , laser machining and welding , welding , coating , airflow testing and other processes required to be the trusted manufacturing partner for airfoils and other hot section turbine components.
is a quality-driven, technology-focused organization with a workforce of over 1,500 team members throughout eleven facilities world-wide. The company’s headquarters is located in Cincinnati, Ohio with supporting sites in Kentucky, Texas, Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina, New York, Connecticut, Canada and Poland. supports all of the Primes in the gas turbine engine industry with both new-make and overhaul/repair services. The company holds AS9100 and Nadcap certifications for all special processes.
Ingrained in the culture is the mindset of continuous improvement. This philosophy is based on the tools and concepts of Six Sigma and Lean Manufacturing. All production jobs are monitored and controlled real-time using Statistical Process Control (SPC) techniques through the proprietary Orion data management system. Machine centers and dimensional and visual inspection systems are automated and controlled. With over 1,100 machines, is North America’s largest shop and remains on the cutting edge of technology through continuing investment in research and development.
The men and women of take great pride in offering the aerospace and gas turbine engine industries a “one stop” approach to doing business, by providing a range of expertise and world class manufacturing capabilities. Contact us today to find out how can streamline your supply chain and outsourced production.
Certifications
Social Media
Contact Us