At MBI, we strive to create meaningful societal benefits by collaborating with universities, governments, financial supporters, and companies to accelerate the commercialization of biobased technologies. Consistent with our not-for-profit mission, we share select technologies—those that show the promise of game-changing sustainability—with the global community.
Our Mission September 7th, 2016MBI
BREAKTHROUGHS
is an agricultural innovation that sustainably expands our capacity to supply both food and fuel while reducing our carbon footprint and providing pathways out of poverty.
Together with and Cargill, developed PLA, the polymer used worldwide to make renewable and biodegradable containers and cutlery.
helps organizations quickly and cost-effectively weed out flawed technologies and accelerate viable ones to commercialization. We apply a unique biotech derisking process—which we pioneered—to the development of biofuels, chemicals, food, and feed from renewable, rather than fossil, raw materials. combines a full spectrum of science, engineering, operational, and business expertise with an integrated and flexible infrastructure, taking your technology from the lab to bench and pilot scales.
July 28th, 2015MBI
EXPERTISE
We work with a variety of organisms (bacteria, yeast, fungi, and algae)—in aerobic, anaerobic, micro-aerobic, and highly aerobic environments. Our team is steeped in commercialization and biobased industry experience. Our track record? In the past 5 years alone we have scaled-up 19 different technologies from bench-scale to pilot-scale with a 100% success rate.
MBI'WORKFLOW
is a test kitchen for game-changing technologies, with a range of equipment you need. We collaborate with you, refining your recipe and process. From there, we help you scale up your capacity, from a few dishes to serving the crowds.  In tech speak: We guide our clients through a milestone-based, stage-gated innovation process—starting with the technology transfer and process development, all the way through scale-up, purification, and recovery. Thanks to our unique derisking process, we can go directly from a 5fermenter to a 3800fermenter. This scale-up philosophy saves our clients valuable time and money.
BENCH-& DEVELOPMENT
Just because you can perform a process at bench-scale, doesn’t necessarily mean it can be brought to commercial scale. For instance, media that seem inexpensive at bench-scale can become deeply cost-prohibitive when brought to the next stage of development. Moreover, optimal equipment settings at bench-scale are sometimes unmatchable at a larger scale.   At MBI, our team utilizes this phase to provide early, clear insights into your technology’s promise, answering the most important question: Is your technology and its processes economically feasible and scalable?
& SCALE-UP
At MBI, we know that scaling up any novel biobased technology can present unique challenges—even for the most experienced professionals. That’s where we can help. MBI’s flexible pilot scale facility and experienced staff are dedicated to the rapid and efficient scale-up of your technologies.
Our clients depend on us to help them progress from the lab to pilot-scale, and our derisking process provides the degree of confidence required to take your technology to commercial scale.
We can generate quantities of product for application testing and validation, depending on your needs. Moreover, our team provides you with a complete data package, showing you precisely how your technology works at scale.
& RECOVERY
If you cannot separate end products from the chemicals used—or produced—during biobased processing, then ultimately the technology cannot be scaled or commercialized. We can help you.
has both lab and pilot scale capabilities and expertise to develop and carry out separation, purification, conversion, and recovery. Our team is committed to collaborating with you to either develop new product separation/purification processes or to develop and scale existing processes. What’s more, we offer the equipment and staffing you need to separate and purify large quantities of biobased chemicals, for both application and testing.
June 29th, 2015MBI
Our Team
At MBI, we help you make a positive global impact. Our team members are passionate about creating a sustainable world. Together, we transform game-changing ideas into scalable realities.
Our Collaborations
At MBI, we take collaboration seriously. Please take the time to browse, below, a sampling of the fine institutions, companies, and organizations we are proud to call collaborators.
US:
@: Our thoughts are with the @CMUniversity community in the wake of senseless violence.
mbi about 334 days ago
@: Thank you to #Spartans around the globe for empowering student experiences here at #.  Happy holidays from the College of Ar…
mbi about 408 days ago
@MSUnews : . @michiganstateu senior nominated for Churchill Scholarship, a nationally competitive #award that pays for graduate schoo…
mbi about 448 days ago
@MSU_Innovation : Great progress on today's $5k goal for Women in #Entrepreneurship ! Join us here: https://t.co/VrI9kbla#…
mbi about 792 days ago
@cplong : Red, Yellow, and #GoGreen against a clear blue fall sky on the sacred circle @michiganstateu today. #msucal https://t.co/O0N4KL…
mbi about 813 days ago
Our friends at will be in New Orleans for #SIMBAM2016 . Be sure to check out their session Monday afternoon! https://t.co/qfgM7g1yIs
mbi about 922 days ago
Our friend @dwidmaier of @boltthreads will speak about the future of fashion at #TCDisrupt on 5/11 at 1#spidersilk #biotechnlogy
mbi about 994 days ago
@MSU_NatSci : #MSUNatSci 's Sophia Lunt will introduce @Biden at the @aacr Annual Meeting at 1:15 p.m. Watch live! https://t.co/odo8UZi…
mbi about 1015 days ago
Dr Susanne Kleff is speaking about our Succinic acid and Renewable Chemical Platforms in 11#BIOWC16 #RenewableChemicals
mbi about 1017 days ago
Our very own @AllenJulian1 will be presenting at 10:30 today. Solving the Biorefinery Feedstock Supply Conundrum. #BIOWC16
mbi about 1017 days ago
Connect with us July 24th, 2015MBI
Have a Question? Let us know.
Your Message
[recaptcha theme:dark ]has assembled a unique combination of science, engineering, and business expertise. Our technical experts combine theoretical and practical knowledge in the full range of relevant disciplines, including molecular genetics, microbiology, biochemistry, analytical chemistry, organic chemistry, and chemical engineering. Our managers have proven experience in biobased technology innovation, full-scale commercial operations, strategic alliances, business development, and in starting and building successful entrepreneurial ventures.
Our team members join us out of a passion to develop practical technologies that have high-impact economic, environmental, and societal benefits.
TEAM
December 12th, 2018MBI
Our Contact Info
Have a Question? Let us know.
Your Message
[recaptcha theme:dark ]