Products
Applications
Design
Sample and Buy
About
All
Products
Documents
Applications Notes
×
High-Precision DACs Consistently Hit the Mark
One Least Significant Bit Could Have the Most Significant Impact
Learn More
Make the Connection
Connecting to the World, With and Without Wires
Learn More
Effortless Design
Easy-to-Use Embedded Intelligence Supported by World-Class Development Tools and Software
Learn More
Product Offerings
Samples
App Notes
Technical Support
Training
Purchase Products
New to Find
 a product
Looking for a part or a development tool? We offer a variety of ways to find the solution you need.
Explore
 an application
Want to see an easy way to get there? From key functions to full applications, let us show you the way.
Start
 developing
Compilers, programmers, debuggers, code configurators, analog design tools and more. We have everything you need to get started.

Digitally Enhance Your Analog Controls
No system can perform without reliable power supplies. Our Digitally Enhanced Power Analog (DEPA) family of products combine the performance of an analog Pulse-Width Modulation (PWM) controller with the configurability of an 8-bit PIC® Microcontroller (MCU).
Read more
Flawless Performance in Harsh Environments
Automotive and industrial applications require microcontrollers (MCUs) that can provide secure communication, real-time data delivery and robust operation in extreme temperatures and noisy environments. Our MCUs help preserve your software investments with their ability to work with a variety of protocols, while improving system reliability, safety and security.
Read more
Establish Trust
Want less hassle adding authentication and encryption capabilities to your design? The CEC1702 IoDevelopment Kit decreases development time for both the Device Identifier Composition Engine (DICE) and the Azure IoHub Device Provisioning Service (DPS).
Read more
Announcements
November 7, 2018
Announces Q2FY19 Financial Results
August 9, 2018
Announces Q1FY19 Financial Results
August 20 - 25, 2018
MASTERs Conference Location & Dates
View all announcements
Press Releases
View all press releases
Products
Applications
Design
Training
Sample
About
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
Investors
Careers
Support
©Copyright 1998-2019 Inc. All rights reserved.
var isSitefinityPage = true; var pageDivisionValue = 'cpg,automotive'Products
Applications
Design
Sample and Buy
About
All
Products
Documents
Applications Notes
×
Menu
×
Home
/
New to Microchip?
×
Company Information
Company Information
About
Acquisitions
Atmel
Micrel
Technologies Corporation
Supertex, Inc.
Eqcologic, Inc.
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior
Our Practice on Product Longevity
Conflict Minerals
Corporate Responsibility
Sustainability
Ethics and Conduct
Tax Strategy
Tax Strategy
Careers
Microchip’s Career Site
Contact Us
MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
Environmental Health and Safety
Investor Relations
Leadership
Legal Information
General Product Legal Information
Trademarks
Trademarks
3rd Party Trademark Guidelines
Trademark Descriptors and Nouns List
Patents
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability
Terms and Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Copyright Usage Guidelines
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyright Infringement
Development Tools Warranty Card
Cookies
Media Center
Tradeshows & Events
Press Releases
Feeds
Videos
New to Microchip?
microchipSoftware Provider Agreement
New to Microchip?
Welcome to Microchip's getting started page. Wherever you may be in your decision making process, we will do our best to help you find your way and provide you the freedom to innovate. We know it can be quite overwhelming, so we're here to make it easier to navigate the key components of our site and jumpstart your design.
Getting Started with Microchip's Video Channel
Want To ...
+
Who Is Microchip?
Corporate information
News and Events
Investor information
+
What does make?
Learn more about our embedded
solutions and tools.
+
Get Trained
Online, in-person or hands-on
training from Microchip.
+
Get Started
Device and tool selectors
Development environment
Order samples
Get source code
+
My Embedded Design
Design Partners
Support
Developer Help
Forums
+
Purchase Products
Buy direct
Program my parts
Authorized distributor
How can we help?
We are happy to assist you in getting started. 
Please fill out the form
Full Name 
*
Title/Job Function 
*
Academic
Engineering
Management
Marketing
Purchasing
Sales
Other
Company/Phone
*
Email 
*
Country:
--None--
United States of America  US
Canada CA
Afghanistan AF
Aland Islands  AX
Albania AL
Algeria DZ
American Samoa  AS
Andorra AD
Angola AO
Anguilla AI
Antarctica AQ
Antigua and Barbuda  AG
Argentina AR
Armenia AM
Aruba AW
Australia AU
Austria AT
Azerbaijan AZ
Bahamas BS
Bahrain BH
Bangladesh BD
Barbados BB
Belarus BY
Belgium BE
Belize BZ
Benin BJ
Bermuda BM
Bhutan BT
Bolivia BO
Bosnia and Herzegovina  BA
Botswana BW
Bouvet Island  BV
Brazil BR
British Virgin Islands  VG
British Indian Ocean Territory  IO
Brunei Darussalam  BN
Bulgaria BG
Burkina Faso  BF
Burundi BI
Cambodia KH
Cameroon CM
Cape Verde  CV
Cayman Islands  KY
Central African Republic  CF
Chad TD
Chile CL
China CN
Hong Kong, China  HK
Macao, China  MO
Christmas Island  CX
Cocos (Keeling) Islands  CC
Colombia CO
Comoros KM
Congo (Brazzaville) CG
Congo, (Kinshasa)  CD
Cook Islands  CK
Costa Rica  CR
Côte d'Ivoire  CI
Croatia HR
Cuba CU
Cyprus CY
Czech Republic  CZ
Denmark DK
Djibouti DJ
Dominica DM
Dominican Republic  DO
Ecuador EC
Egypt EG
El Salvador  SV
Equatorial Guinea  GQ
Eritrea ER
Estonia EE
Ethiopia ET
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)  FK
Faroe Islands  FO
Fiji FJ
Finland FI
France FR
French Guiana  GF
French Polynesia  PF
French Southern Territories  TF
Gabon GA
Gambia GM
Georgia GE
Germany DE
Ghana GH
Gibraltar GI
Greece GR
Greenland GL
Grenada GD
Guadeloupe GP
Guam GU
Guatemala GT
Guernsey GG
Guinea GN
Guinea-Bissau GW
Guyana GY
Haiti HT
Heard and Mcdonald Islands  HM
Holy See (Vatican City State)  VA
Honduras HN
Hungary HU
Iceland IS
India IN
Indonesia ID
Iran, Islamic Republic of  IR
Iraq IQ
Ireland IE
Isle of Man  IM
Israel IL
Italy IT
Jamaica JM
Japan JP
Jersey JE
Jordan JO
Kazakhstan KZ
Kenya KE
Kiribati KI
Korea (North) KP
Korea (South) KR
Kuwait KW
Kyrgyzstan KG
Lao  LA
Latvia LV
Lebanon LB
Lesotho LS
Liberia LR
Libya LY
Liechtenstein LI
Lithuania LT
Luxembourg LU
Macedonia, Republic of  MK
Madagascar MG
Malawi MW
Malaysia MY
Maldives MV
Mali ML
Malta MT
Marshall Islands  MH
Martinique MQ
Mauritania MR
Mauritius MU
Mayotte YT
Mexico MX
Micronesia, Federated States of  FM
Moldova MD
Monaco MC
Mongolia MN
Montenegro ME
Montserrat MS
Morocco MA
Mozambique MZ
Myanmar MM
Namibia NA
Nauru NR
Nepal NP
Netherlands NL
Netherlands Antilles  AN
New Caledonia  NC
New Zealand  NZ
Nicaragua NI
Niger NE
Nigeria NG
Niue NU
Norfolk Island  NF
Northern Mariana Islands  MP
Norway NO
Oman OM
Pakistan PK
Palau PW
Palestinian Territory  PS
Panama PA
Papua New Guinea  PG
Paraguay PY
Peru PE
Philippines PH
Pitcairn PN
Poland PL
Portugal PT
Puerto Rico  PR
Qatar QA
Réunion RE
Romania RO
Russian Federation  RU
Rwanda RW
Saint-Barthélemy BL
Saint Helena  SH
Saint Kitts and Nevis  KN
Saint Lucia  LC
Saint-Martin (French part)  MF
Saint Pierre and Miquelon  PM
Saint Vincent and Grenadines  VC
Samoa WS
San Marino  SM
Sao Tome and Principe  ST
Saudi Arabia  SA
Senegal SN
Serbia RS
Seychelles SC
Sierra Leone  SL
Singapore SG
Slovakia SK
Slovenia SI
Solomon Islands  SB
Somalia SO
South Africa  ZA
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands  GS
South Sudan  SS
Spain ES
Sri Lanka  LK
Sudan SD
Suriname SR
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands  SJ
Swaziland SZ
Sweden SE
Switzerland CH
Syrian Arab Republic (Syria)  SY
Taiwan, Republic of China  TW
Tajikistan TJ
Tanzania, United Republic of  TZ
Thailand TH
Timor-Leste TL
Togo TG
Tokelau TK
Tonga TO
Trinidad and Tobago  TT
Tunisia TN
Turkey TR
Turkmenistan TM
Turks and Caicos Islands  TC
Tuvalu TV
Uganda UG
Ukraine UA
United Arab Emirates  AE
United Kingdom  GB
Minor Outlying Islands  UM
Uruguay UY
Uzbekistan UZ
Vanuatu VU
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic)  VE
Viet Nam  VN
Virgin Islands,  VI
Wallis and Futuna Islands  WF
Western Sahara  EH
Yemen YE
Zambia ZM
Zimbabwe ZW
Located in the or Canada? Please select State / Province: 
--None--
Alabama AL
Alaska AK
Arizona AZ
Arkansas AR
California CA
Colorado CO
Connecticut CT
Delaware DE
Florida FL
Georgia GA
Hawaii HI
Idaho ID
Illinois IL
Indiana IN
Iowa IA
Kansas KS
Kentucky KY
Louisiana LA
Maine ME
Maryland MD
Massachusetts MA
Michigan MI
Minnesota MN
Mississippi MS
Missouri MO
Montana MT
Nebraska NE
Nevada NV
New Hampshire  NH
New Jersey  NJ
New Mexico  NM
New York  NY
North Carolina  NC
North Dakota  ND
Ohio OH
Oklahoma OK
Oregon OR
Pennsylvania PA
Rhode Island  RI
South Carolina  SC
South Dakota  SD
Tennessee TN
Texas TX
Utah UT
Vermont VT
Virginia VA
Washington WA
West Virginia  WV
Wisconsin WI
Wyoming WY
American Samoa  AS
District of Columbia  DC
Federated States of Micronesia  FM
Guam GU
Marshall Islands  MH
Northern Mariana Islands  MP
Palau PW
Puerto Rico  PR
Virgin Islands  VI
Alberta AB
British Columbia  BC
Manitoba MB
New Brunswick  NB
Newfoundland and Labrador  NL
Northwest Territories  NT
Nova Scotia  NS
Nubavut NU
Ontario ON
Prince Edward Island  PE
Quebec QC
Saskatchewan SK
Yukon YT
More information about your request: 
*
--None--
Help choosing a product
Technical support
Buying product(s)
General sales support
Something else
Tell us more: 
*
How would you like us to contact you?: 
*
--None--
Email
Phone
Products
Applications
Design
Training
Sample
About
Contact
Legal
Privacy Policy
Investors
Careers
Support
©Copyright 1998-2019 Inc. All rights reserved.
var isSitefinityPage = true; var pageDivisionValue = ''Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller, analog, FPGA, connectivity and power management semiconductors. Its easy-to-use development tools and comprehensive product portfolio enable customers to create optimal designs which reduce risk while lowering total system cost and time to market. The company’s solutions serve more than 130,000 customers across the industrial, automotive, consumer, aerospace and defense, communications and computing markets. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality.
Relationship
Are you looking for a business partner, not just a vendor? 
Do you want quality components?
Successful companies recognize the value of a strategic supplier relationship to help them deliver innovative products to their markets in a timely manner. They trust their suppliers to furnish quality components for current design opportunities as well as provide road maps and innovative solutions to stay ahead of tomorrow’s design trends.
Migrate
Do you need additional memory or peripherals?
Cut down your revision cycle time. Designing in Microchip’s devices allows easy migration throughout our entire portfolio of devices. Upgrading your product with drop-in replacements and reusable code has never been easier with our  MPLAB® Integrated Development Environment (IDE)  and similar pin-to-pin compatible devices*. Our easy-to-use product roadmaps display the migration path for every product family with specifications, peripherals and highlights to pinpoint the best range of devices.
Embed
What is your application?
Microchip’s product line is the solution for your embedded design needs. From cost-competitive Analog and Memory devices to performance PIC®Microcontrollers (MCUs) and dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers (DSCs), our devices provide a custom fit in your cost-sensitive design. Quickly integrate our devices into applications from simple to complex. Our starter kits and free reference designs can help get you going.
Use our new Advanced Parts Selector (MAPS) tool and Development Tools Selector (DTS) to review the entire product line and find the right devices wherever you are in the design cycle.
Succeed
Do you want the competitive edge?
In today’s highly competitive market conditions, Microchip’s goal is to provide the best devices, value and support to reduce your risk and streamline your time to market. We’ve added resources to aid in every aspect of your design from start to finish with easy to use product selection tools, 24/7 global technical support, web-based on-line training, Regional Training Centers (RTC) and a well-trained team of field personnel. Our commitment to customer satisfaction is exemplified by the company’s ISO/TS-16949 qualifications. With our free evaluation samples and 24-hour inventory, pricing and ordering through microchipDIRECT, it’s never been easier to meet your product launch schedules.
*Contact for details on migration strategy and product family compatibility.
Sign up for MicroSolutions , our monthly e-newsletter, to receive the latest product updates and special announcements as well as exclusive discounts.
Inc. The Embedded Control Solutions Company® Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller and analog semiconductors, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality. http://www.microchip.com
This website uses cookies for analytics, personalization, and other purposes. Click to learn more. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookies Statement.Last updated: May 24, 2018  
This Cookie Statement explains how and its group companies (collectively “Microchip”, "we", "us", and "ours") use cookies and similar technologies     to recognise you when you visit our websites, including those at www.microchip.com , www.microchipdirect.com , www.embeddedcodesource.com ,  or any successor URLs, and any mobile or localized versions and sub-domains  ("Websites").  It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.  Except as     otherwise stated in this Cookies Statement, to the extent any personal information is collected through cookies or similar technologies, Microchip’s Privacy Policy applies.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.  Cookies are widely used by website owners to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information. 
Cookies set by the website owner (in this case, Microchip) are called "first party cookies".  Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called "third party cookies".  Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality     to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising, interactive content and analytics).  The parties that set these third party cookies can recognise your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits     certain other websites. 
Why do we use cookies?
We use first party and third party cookies for several reasons. Some cookies are required for technical reasons for our Websites to operate, and we refer to these as "essential" or "strictly necessary" cookies. Other cookies also enable us to track and     target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our Websites.   Third parties serve cookies through our Websites for analytics and other purposes.  This is described in more detail below.
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described in the table below (please note that the specific cookies served may vary depending on the specific Website you visit):
Types of cookie
How to refuse
Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. 
Google - Google (analytics,  tag manager, or both on certain                 Websites) ( http://www.google.com/analytics )
Salesforce Live Agent ( https://www.salesforce.com/ )
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them.
You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading "How can control cookies?".
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use.  However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like                 videos) may become unavailable.
Google -  Google (analytics, tag manager, or both on certain                 Websites) ( http://www.google.com/analytics )
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can control cookies?"
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
Analytics and customisation cookies: These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our Websites are being used or how effective are marketing campaigns are, or to help us                 customise our Websites for you.
Google -  Google (analytics, tag manager, or both on certain                 Websites) ( http://www.google.com/analytics )
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can control cookies?"
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites.  These cookies may also be                 used for advertising purposes too.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading "How can control cookies?"
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website.  We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called "tracking pixels" or "clear gifs").  These are tiny graphics files that contain     a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them.  This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another,     to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns.      In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
How can control cookies?
You may exercise your cookie preferences by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in the cookie table above if your browser is supported by the respective opt-out functionality.
You may be able to set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies (most Internet browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings). If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your     access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.   As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information.
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.  If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com .
How often will you update this Cookie Statement?
We may update this Cookie Statement from time to time to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.  Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Statement regularly to stay informed about     our use of cookies and related technologies. 
The date at the top of this Cookie Statement indicates when it was last updated. 
Where can get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at cookiespolicy@microchip.com .
This website uses cookies for analytics, personalization, and other purposes. Click to learn more. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookies Statement.Privacy Policy
Inc. ("Microchip") is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the             use of that information and the procedures that we have to safeguard your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the information requested from you when you access www.microchip.com, www.microchipdirect.com, or sample.microchip.com (the "Sites").
How is Customer Information Obtained by and How is it Used?
We receive and store information you give us. Most of the information you give us is collected when you buy products on-line, request literature/ information, participate in a contest, fill out a questionnaire/survey, participate in an on-line             discussion, or complete your Customer Profile. You may give us information such as your name, address, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, financial information, employment information, application information, ideas for new projects or applications,             and your buying interests. The information that you provide us is used to respond to your requests, notify you of products being shipped to you, customize your interactions with us, improve our offerings, provide materials or offers to you,             allow you to participate in contests, and communicate with you. It is your choice whether or not to provide us with certain information. However, you may be unable to take advantage of many of our offers and features if we do not receive your             customer information.
We also receive and store certain types of information through use of “cookies.” Some examples of information gathered this way are the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, log-in, e-mail address,             password, computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, platform, and the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) used to, through, and from our Sites. We use the information gathered by “cookies”             to manage and customize your on-line shopping experience and to improve our offerings.
You may also submit technical information to such as designs, ideas or data, that you transmit to or post on any of our Sites (the "Submission") for purposes not limited to contest participation. The Submission is considered and treated             by as nonconfidential and nonproprietary. By providing the Submission, you grant a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable right to disseminate, display, use, modify, copy, adapt, and translate             the Submission for any purpose whatsoever, whether commercial or noncommercial, throughout the world in any media. You also grant us the right to use the name you submit in connection with your Submission, if we choose. You represent and warrant             in making the Submission that you own or control all rights to the Submission, and that use of your Submission will not cause injury to any person or entity including Microchip. You will indemnify for all claims resulting from your             Submission.
How can manage the information has about me?
You can always choose not to give information. However, certain information is necessary in order for you to take advantage of “microchipdirect”, “sample.microchip”, change notifications, literature updates, etc.
If you want to add/update your information or preferences, please modify your Account Profile. When you update your information, we may keep a copy of your earlier information for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please indicate your choices in your Account Profile preferences Certain notifications, such as product changes or updated literature, or offers are only available electronically.             Please note that even if you choose not to receive electronic communications from us, our terms and conditions and policies, such as Website Usage, Privacy Policy, and Terms and Condition of Sale or Samples, will still govern your use of our Sites, including any products you purchase or samples you request. It is your responsibility to review our policies and terms and conditions for any changes. If you do not accept our terms and conditions and policies, please do not use our             Sites or their offerings.
You can avoid certain "cookies" by indicating in your Customer Profile that you do not want us to remember you. Your browser may also have options to prevent acceptance of new “cookies.” There are also utilities available allowing             you to visit our Sites anonymously. Unfortunately, certain features and offerings available through the Sites may not be available to anonymous users.
Who does share Customer Information With?
Customer information is important for to be able to offer products and services to you. We are not in the business of selling customer information to others. We do share customer information with our subsidiaries and with others as described             below. Such third parties may be based in the United States, Europe or Thailand. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties to whom your information may be transferred. If you do not wish us to share your information             as described below, you may opt out by not supplying information to us when entering information into your Customer Profile, or by not placing orders through microchipdirect.com
Agents: We use other companies and persons to perform tasks on our behalf. Examples are not limited to delivering packages, processing credit card payments, checking for export compliance, and providing customer service. They have access to customer             information to perform their jobs, but may not use it for other purposes. For example, if you make a purchase request through “microchipdirect”, or a sample request through "sample.microchip", will share your customer             information with third parties and receive information from credit bureaus and other companies to help prevent and detect fraud, and to offer credit or financial services to some customers.
Distributors and Sales Representatives: These companies and persons often provide service to Microchip’s customers. They have access to customer information to perform their jobs, which is not limited to marketing products, but             may not use it for other purposes.
Third Parties: Except for information transmitted to through the on-line support system at http://support.microchip.com, any other technical submissions to such as designs, ideas or data that you transmit to or post on our             Sites by any means (the "Submissions") for any purpose including but not limited to contest participation is considered and treated by as nonconfidential and nonproprietary.
Conformance with the Law: We release account and other customer information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the laws of Arizona.
Protection of and Others: will release customer information necessary to enforce or apply our Website Terms of Use, and other agreements. will, at its discretion, release customer information necessary to protect             the rights, property and safety of or others in accordance with the laws of Arizona.
Security
We use 256-bit encryption to secure the financial information you enter. Only the last five digits of your credit card number are listed in your Order Acknowledgement. However, your entire credit card number is transmitted to your credit card             company during order processing, and your identifying and credit information is transmitted to companies that process your credit card transactions and review them for export control violations.
Law and Jurisdiction
Your visit to our Sites and any dispute over privacy is subject to our Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Use terms which include limitation on damages and application of the law of the state of Arizona, without regard to any conflict of             laws provisions. The federal and state courts of the state of Arizona shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute relating to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy and Website Terms of Use terms may change from time to time. Check our Sites frequently to see recent changes. We may notify you by e-mail of such changes (unless you have told us not to). Continued use of any of our Sites will             signify that you agree to any such changes. Unless we expressly state otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information we have about you.
Consent
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any concern about our treatment of your customer information, please send us an e-mail at legal.department@microchip.com .
Inc. The Embedded Control Solutions Company® Inc. is a leading provider of microcontroller and analog semiconductors, providing low-risk product development, lower total system cost and faster time to market for thousands of diverse customer applications worldwide. Headquartered in Chandler, Arizona, offers outstanding technical support along with dependable delivery and quality. http://www.microchip.com
This website uses cookies for analytics, personalization, and other purposes. Click to learn more. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our Cookies Statement.