MonoSol’s water-soluble film technologies have revolutionized detergent and cleaning industries all over the world. Our water-soluble packaging design helps create products that can deliver exact dosage, easier handling, greater convenience, and safety and sustainability. MonoSol’s growing portfolio of applications includes detergents, countertops and solid surface and ag chem, as well as cosmetics and personal care products, food manufacturing, pool and spa, transfer printing and more. Through our collaborative mindset, global manufacturing footprint, high-quality products and scientific expertise, we partner with our customers to create innovative product packaging solutions that enhance everyday life. Founded in 1953, is a division of Kuraray, one of the world’s leading specialty chemical companies, and is based in Merrillville, Indiana.
Delivery Systems
Our selection of dissolvable packaging technologies enable delivery of solid and liquid components in a range of sizes, pH, water content, and other critical factors. We tailor our technologies to meet your needs and we can recommend converters that create delivery systems for solids and liquids.
products can deliver exact dosage, easier handling and greater convenience for countless applications including detergents, personal care products, food manufacturing, ag chem and more. Let’s talk about your ideas .
Partnering With Us
We partner with our customers every step of the way, from concept and scale-up to commercial reality, to ensure success. To learn more about collaborating, contact us .
Compatibility testing is very important to new products or ingredients to ensure they can be packaged safely and effectively in water-soluble film technology. By testing product with a variety of films, we can assess viability, compatibility and performance of our films to identify the optimal water-soluble solution. Compatibility testing helps us ensure your product is successful when it hits the shelf. To request compatibility testing,  tell us about your product!
Copacking – Once we have run compatibility testing and are moving towards production, has various packaging contacts which will help to take your product from concept to a single-dose delivery system.  At we pride ourselves on helping our customers not only purchase the right film, but guiding you to world class pouch manufacturers, delivering a turn-key solution.
Collaborative
Through hands-on collaboration, we will help you deliver category-changing technology with enriched convenience. Whether in soluble-dosing or state-of-the-art fabrication, our total engagement approach backed by our unmatched chemistry, formulating and conversion expertise will be at your disposal every step of the way.
Vision
enhances everyday life and enables a sustainable future through innovative water-soluble technology and successful collaboration.
Philosophy
We provide a safe environment for our employees, service providers, partners and customers. Safety is the Cornerstone of all we do. The products we offer are beneficial for mankind and are environmentally friendly. We believe in collaboration, use of best practices, continuous training, and reinvesting in people and infrastructure to support our business together. Above all, the team cultivates an ethos of respect for each other and our environment.
Quality
We make it our business to know and understand our customer needs and expectations.
We design product quality into our processes.
We understand service is critical to our customers.
We know that continuous improvement must be embraced at all levels of our organization.
We strive to provide the means for each and every employee to feel a sense of contribution and accomplishment relative to their career and MonoSol’s success.
We treat our customers and fellow employees with respect and dignity.
The advancement of our community, region, environment and country has and always will be considered in all major management decisions.
US/Certificates
Americans with Disability Act (ADA)
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)
9001 : 2008 (UK)
9001 : 2015 (US)
14001 : 2013 (US)
We adhere to the requirements of the following governing bodies:
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
We voluntarily participate and practice the rules and guidelines for accreditations. We are:
9001:2000 Certified
Responsible Care CertifiedBest & Brightest Company to Work For 2016 from National Association for Business Resources
January 24, 2017 – , a division of Kuraray, has been named a Best and Brightest Company to Work For in the nation in 2016 by the National Association for Business Resources (NABR).
The Best and Brightest Companies to Work For award recognizes organizations that represent best practices in human resources and strong commitments to their employees. The winning companies are assessed by an independent research firm based on key measures like compensation, benefits and employee solutions, employee enrichment, engagement, retention and work-life balance.
“We work hard to create a safe environment where people can thrive,” said Scott Bening, “This recognition is a testament to the effort we put into making a great place to work and the committed people we have here.”
Companies that see their employees as the keys to success achieve staying power, Jennifer Kluge, president and of , noted in the announcement. “Our 2016 winners create their human resource standards to ensure employee satisfaction and they set standards for every business to aspire toward,” Kluge said.
will be featured in the Feb. 2 online edition of Corp! Magazine .
P&External Business Partner of the Year
P&External Business Partner of the Year
CINCINNATI–( )–The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) recognized seven of its top performing External Business Partners with its prestigious Partner of the Year award yesterday. Additionally, P&also awarded over 50 other companies The External Business Partner Excellence Award, including two for superior performance in Supplier Diversity.
– See more at: http://news.pg.com/press-release/pg-corporate-announcements/pg-recognizes-top-performing-global-partners-0
Responsible Care Management System (RCMS) has been certified to the RC14001:2013 standard
chose to be audited against 14001:2013, which provided an opportunity to achieve third-party registration to both Responsible Care® and to the 14001 Environmental Management System (EMS) Standard, simultaneously. The certification process included two stages of audits to ensure that our management system has the necessary elements to achieve continuous improvement in the Environmental, Health, Safety and Security (EHSS) areas.
Being certified as compliant with Responsible Care® is a powerful message to our customers. It indicates to them that we are committed to the health and well-being of all our stakeholders. It validates to our customers that our standards are nothing less than world-class in the area of environment, health, safety and security.
Our customers see the Responsible Care® branding and immediately know that our core values are aligned with creating a sustainable supply chain for their products. Many of our customers are continuing to find ways to reduce their environmental footprint and make their products safer. / Kuraray is a partner they know they can engage and collaborate to improve in these areas. This creates a strong base for innovation and deep-lasting relationships.
1.800.237.9552Translating our Science: About Water-Soluble Film
We believe that people deserve to know what’s in the products that they welcome into their homes. That’s why we translate the science behind our technologies to help you better understand our products and to give you the information you need to make smart choices for your family.
What are water-soluble films?
Water-soluble film is best-known as the material that encapsulates laundry and dishwasher “pods” or “packs” that are increasingly popular with consumers. Each pack contains a pre-measured dose of detergent and make household chores simpler, cleaner and safer because they eliminate the need to pour and measure liquids or powders. They also enable better cleaning and can reduce shipping costs and transporation emissions as they use more concentrated ingredients.
Many of the popular detergent brands available today use a water-soluble film technology produced by MonoSol.
What are MonoSol’s water-soluble films made of?
water-soluble films are made of polyvinyl alcohol (known as PVOH).
is safe and environmentally friendly. It is used in many household, medical and personal-care applications, including laundry and detergent packets, food packaging, textile yarns, paper products, unit-dose pharmaceuticals, “artificial tears” used to treat dry eyes and even contact lens lubricant.
Is safe?
is colorless, odorless, biodegradable and non-toxic. It is used in household, food, medical and personal-care applications. It dissolves completely upon disposal in water and is consumed by bacterial micro-organisms after use. Its unique safety and environmental profile make it an ideal material for helping make certain every day products safer, simpler and more sustainable.
What are the environmental benefits of compared to other packaging materials?
MonoSol’s water-soluble films dissolve completely upon contact with water and are biodegradable. They do not persist in the environment, contaminate the recycling stream or contribute to micro-plastic pollution. This is why many leading consumer product and retail companies are excited about the potential of films for helping them reduce their environmental footprint.
What happens to the film once it dissolves?
MonoSol’s film naturally biodegrades into the environment.
What is the difference between and PVA?
Sometimes is used as an abbreviation for polyvinyl alcohol, but it’s also sometimes used as shorthand for polyvinyl acetate, a different substance that is oftentimes found in glue. To avoid confusion, prefers the abbreviation PVOH.
What is the difference between water-soluble films and bio plastics?
MonoSol’s water-soluble films are fundamentally different in both composition and end-of-life performance when compared to bio plastics.
Our water-soluble films dissolve completely upon contact with water and naturally break down into water and carbon dioxide when consumed by bacterial micro-organisms. Therefore they do not persist in the environment, contaminate the recycling stream or contribute to micro-plastic pollution.
Bio plastics can be soluble or insoluble in water and are typically made from plant or animal products. When used, they may be blended with water-resistant polymers to make them useful in packaging applications. Unlike films, however, such bioplastic blends may not completely dissolve and are potentially a concern when they are non-water-soluble because they could contaminate the typical recycling stream.
How else is water-soluble film used?
MonoSol’s water-soluble films are helping companies transform a range of consumer product and business-to-business industries.
makes water-soluble films appropriate for a range of applications, ranging from health and beauty products (like shampoo and shaving cream), pool and spa chemicals (so homeowners don’t have to touch, pour or measure) dissolveable hospital laundry bags (that eliminate the need for workers to contact soiled clothes or linens), to sophisticated transfer printing and embroidery techniques.
Where can find scientific studies or more information about PVOH?
Biodegradation of Polyvinyl Alcohol, Axelrod and Phillips (Air Products and Chemicals Inc.), presented at the Plastics Waste Management Workshop, New Orleans, LA, 9-12 December 1991.
Biodegradation of Polyvinyl Alcohol in Wastewater, Wheatley & Baines, Textile Chemist and Colorist, 8 (2), 28-33, 1976.
Biodegradation Rates of Elvanol PVOH, DuPont de Nemours, Polymer Products Division, Wilmington, 19865, 1976
Zahn & Wellens, Chem. Zeitung., 98, 228-232, 1974.
Some Characteristics of Pseudomonas O-3 which Utilizes Polyvinyl Alcohol, Suzuki et al., Agr. Biol. Chem. 37 (4), 747-756, 1973.
Raw Material Supplier and Detergent Manufacturer Cooperate in Environmental Safety Assessment of a New Detergent Raw Material – Case Study,Meier, N.Stelter, D.M.Lee, N.Zeese,J.Tolls, Journal, 139, March 2013
1.800.237.9552