Forgot Password?
Username or E-mail:
Login
Username
Password
1-855-900-NANO
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Technology
Early Access
Team
Contact
Careers
Bio has developed a unique solution to a 30-year-long standing challenge with integral membrane proteins (IMPs). 
Learn more about our Early-Access program.
Reliably measure label-free protein interactions using native IMPs.
Kinetic binding to native IMPs
Transporter Proteins
Ion Channels
GPCRs
Designed to accelerate drug discovery and development operations.
Offering Early-Access opportunities. 
Contact us for details.
Careers at Bio
We’re looking for experts in membrane biophysics, binding kinetics and biosensors. If you’re interested in joining our team please send us a cover letter and CV!
*Integral membrane proteins (IMPs)
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms & Conditions
Join Us
Services
2019 © Biomachines, Inc., Richmond, 94806.  All rights reserved.Will Martinez
Founder & CEO
Will Martinez
Founder & CEO
The loss of dear family members and best friends to chronic diseases drew Will into the drug discovery industry and into solving major challenges to treat deadly diseases. Will, an immigrant from Peru, is very passionate about building excellent teams and relations with the most sophisticated drug discovery labs in the World. At Bio, Will leads the formation of partnerships with leading pharma companies to enable the discovery of breakthrough medicines to battle deadly diseases. He has over 11 years of industrial experience in biosensor technology and manufacturing. He previously served in engineering roles at Global Research (GEGR) and Innovative Micro Technology (IMT). At IMT, Will was responsible for developing and manufacturing the first single-molecule sequencing biosensor, which grew from zero to $10 million dollars in annual sales in less than 3 years. Will recognized a growing need in the drug discovery industry and the lack of biosystems to discover with vital emerging families of novel drug targets. Therefore, Bio was born. Will received his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Materials Engineering at the Colorado School of Mines and respectively. Will enjoys running and exploring the outdoors with his family during Holidays.
Jaime Arenas, PhD
Jaime Arenas, PhD
Co-Founder, & of Biology
Jaime brings more than 25 years of experience translating biomolecular interactions into breakthrough technological advances for the life sciences industry. At Anadys Pharmaceuticals, Jaime developed a unique screening paradigm and established an antiviral drug discovery program for previously undruggable viral targets. Later he focused on development of applications for cutting edge biosensor technologies. He led development of applications for the launch of the Flexchip, the first array-based surface plasmon resonance platform from Applied Biosystems. Jaime also invented the core biochemical approach for ultrasensitive biomarker assay products for BioScale’s acoustic platform. At Headway technologies, he led Applications Development for single molecule detection using tunneling magnetoresistance  (TMR) technology.
Jaime received his Phin Biochemistry from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and his postdoctoral training from the California Institute of Technology.  On his free time, Jaime enjoys time with family, hiking, and cooking food recipes from all over the world.
Brian Wong, PhD
Director, Engineering
Brian leads Engineering Team and brings a passion for developing innovative applications at the intersection of biology and micro-electrical-mechanical systems (MEMS). Prior to joining Biomachines, he held a position as lithography process engineer at Intel’s Portland Technology Development (PTD), supporting multiple technology nodes and was part of the initial team demonstrating 7nm front end process. Brian is a founding member of GlucoSentient, a university startup focused on developing a library of antibody and aptamer based Point of Care assays based on electrochemical detection of glucose.
Brian received his Phin Materials Science and Engineering from University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign, under the guidance of Professor Yi Lu with a focus on functional and nanoparticles for theragnostic applications.
Monica Lozano, PhD
Sr. Scientist, Assay Development
Mónica brings 9+ years of industry and academic experience in the field of biophysics and cell membrane biology. In the Sensor Technology Group at Bio, Mónica leads development of lipid membrane platforms for our graphene-based sensor for detection of ligand binding to native integral membrane proteins. She is responsible for kinetic binding assay development as well as transferring assays, instrumentation, and software to our customers. Prior to joining Bio, Mónica was an Engineer and Scientific Communications Lead at Profusa where she helped bring non-dilutive funds from and to develop a novel tissue-integrating biosensor.
Mónica holds a in Chemical Engineering from San Diego and obtained her Ph.in Chemical Engineering in the lab of Prof. Marjorie Longo at Davis, where she developed her passion for Lipid Membranes Science and its applications in biomedicine. She was a Ruth Kirschstein Postdoctoral Fellow in the lab of Prof. Steven Boxer in the Chemistry Department at Stanford University where she used the novel nanomass spectrometry imaging tool to map the chemical composition of lipid membranes. In her free time, Monica enjoys reading and spending time with her family.
Venkata Manthina, PhD
Engineer, Process Development
Venkata Manthina, PhD
Engineer, Process Development
Venkata brings in 7 years of combined industrial and academic experience in semiconductor process development and device integration. He is responsible for process development and device engineering at Bio and works closely with Brian Wong on the manufacture of graphene-based sensors.
Venkata received his Phin Environmental Engineering from the University of Connecticut, Storrs where he led collaborative efforts for the development of low cost light emission devices. Later he was a Materials Engineer Postdoctoral Fellow at Fraunhofer where he developed low cost semiconductor materials for third generation solar cells, and ultra-low sensing gas sensors.  Venkata enjoys reading, hiking and spending time with family.
Griselda Melendez
Griselda’s responsibilities include biosensor qualification and assay development in the Sensor Technology Group. Prior to joining Bio, Griselda was a Research Assistant at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center where she performed research on characterization of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Griselda received her in Biological Sciences and her Bachelor’s in Microbiology at the University of Texas, El Paso. As a graduate Research Assistant she studied the interaction of the influenza virus with the cellular SUMOylation system and developed a novel method for detecting spliced mthrough primer extension analysis with fluorescent primers.
In her free time, Griselda enjoys reading, photography, fishing and exploring the California coast.
Board
Michael Finney, PhD
Executive Board Director
Michael Finney, PhD
Executive Board Director
Dr. Finney received his degree in Biochemical Sciences from Harvard University and his Ph.in Biology from He was co-founder and of Research, which became one of the largest manufacturers of amplification instruments. He was also a co-founder of Bioworks, which along with Research were sold to Bio-Rad (AMEX) in 2004. Since 2004, he has served as the Managing Director of Finney Capital, an investment firm based in San Francisco, and as a Board member in various life science companies. Dr. Finney was an early investor and Board Director at Wavemark, (acquired by Cardinal Health) and Innerscope Research (acquired by Nielsen). Mike has served on the Board of Directors of Bio since April 2016, and he is also a hands-on advisor for business, technology, and strategic portfolio development. Dr. Finney also serves on the Board of Directors of Vaxart, Thrive Bioscience, Chimera Bioengineering, Orion Genomics, Sage Science, and SeqWell Inc. Dr. Finney is an author of 20 peer-reviewed publications and an inventor on 10 patents.
Winnie Wan, PhD, MBA
Executive Board Director
Winnie Wan is a veteran in the bio-analytical industry, with extensive experience building and launching diagnostic and therapeutic businesses with start-ups and within large corporations. Winnie brings in over 32+ years of industrial experience, and she has successfully commercialized disruptive technologies from inception. These technologies include the analytical systems for drug discovery at ForteBio, Inc. (acquired by Pall Corporation), the anatomical pathology systems for cancer diagnosis at Becton Dickinson, the cell analysis systems at Guava Technologies, Inc. (acquired by Millipore Corporation), and the drug model at SyStemix, Inc. (acquired by Novartis). She currently serves on the Board of Bio, Bell Biosystems, and Aelan Cell Technologies, Inc. Previously, Dr. Wan held CEO/Board or Executive positions at OncoHealth Corp., Biopharma, Inc., ForteBio, Inc., GeneTrol BioTherapeutics, Inc., Guava Technologies, Inc., Becton Dickinson’s Division, and SyStemix, Inc. She received her Ph.in Biochemistry from Yale University, post-doctoral training in cell biology at Rockefeller University, and an from Columbia University.
Robert Leppo
Executive Board Director
Bob was the lead investor in Bio when the company raised its Seed round. Bob has been active in the venture capital arena since 1983.  He was an early investor in Advent Software (Acquired by SS&for $2.63 billion) and ValueClick (acquired by Alliance Data Systems for $2.3 billion).  Bob was also a lead investor in Best Internet acquired by Verio in 1999,  OnPrem acquired by Copper Mountain in 2000, and Aero Astro, which was acquired by Radyne in 2007. In 1965 Bob earned his In History from Stanford University and went on to get his from Harvard Business School. Bob likes to read history, philosophy, practice physical fitness training.
Casey McGlynn
Corporate Attorney
Casey McGlynn
Corporate Attorney
Casey is a partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati. Casey has been Bio’s corporate attorney since 2015. Since joining in 1978, he has been a member of the firm's board of directors, and its Policy, Nominating, and Compensation Committees. Casey is a nationally recognized leader in the representation of start-up and growth technology companies, and is well known to an extensive network of angel investors, financiers, venture capitalists, corporate partners, and investment bankers. He has experience representing dozens of companies that have made successful initial public offerings and secondary offerings. Casey is a contributor to magazines and newsletters focused on angel and venture investing, and frequently speaks on issues relating to the organization and funding of new ventures.
Will Martinez
Founder & CEO
Will Martinez
Founder & CEO
The loss of dear family members and best friends to chronic diseases drew Will into the drug discovery industry and into solving major challenges to treat deadly diseases. Will, an immigrant from Peru, is very passionate about building excellent teams and relations with the most sophisticated drug discovery labs in the World. At Bio, Will leads the formation of partnerships with leading pharma companies to enable the discovery of breakthrough medicines to battle deadly diseases. He has over 11 years of industrial experience in biosensor technology and manufacturing. He previously served in engineering roles at Global Research (GEGR) and Innovative Micro Technology (IMT). At IMT, Will was responsible for developing and manufacturing the first single-molecule sequencing biosensor, which grew from zero to $10 million dollars in annual sales in less than 3 years. Will recognized a growing need in the drug discovery industry and the lack of biosystems to discover with vital emerging families of novel drug targets. Therefore, Bio was born. Will received his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Materials Engineering at the Colorado School of Mines and respectively. Will enjoys running and exploring the outdoors with his family during Holidays.
David Madden
CFO
David has served as of Bio since 2017. David is a finance professional with over 30 years of experience covering all aspects of corporate finance for biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and life science companies. He has served as Chief Financial Officer for Alector LLC, AiroMedica LLC, Vaxart, Inc., XDx (now CareDx), and Arriva Pharmaceuticals. Previously, he was Associate Director of Corporate Finance for Chiron Corporation, which was acquired by Novartis. David received his in English from the University of California, Berkeley and his in finance and international business from the University of Washington Michael Foster School of Business. He is Board member and treasurer of Can Do Multiple Sclerosis, which delivers educational programs for those with and their families, and of BioScience Forum, which conducts educational activities relating to the life sciences.
Advisors
Professor & Chair, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Oregon Health and Science University
Joe Gray, PhD
Professor & Chair, Department of Biomedical Engineering, Oregon Health and Science University
Joe Gray, Phis the Gordon Moore Endowed Chair, Biomedical Engineering; Director, Oregon Center for Spatial System Biomedicine (OCSSB) and Associate Director for Translational Research, Knight Cancer Institute at the Oregon Health and Science University. He is Principal Investigator of the National Cancer Institute / Integrative Cancer Biology Program (ICBP) Center for Cancer Systems Biology aimed at understanding and modeling of signaling, Co-leader of a Stand Up to Cancer program aimed at rapidly improving management of the major subtypes of human breast cancer, of a Innovator project aimed at improving early breast cancer detection and Co-investigator on human and mouse cancer genome atlas projects. Prof. Gray is a Scientific Advisor to Biomachines, Inc. Dr. Gray's expertise is in molecular analysis technology, identification of genomic aberrations that contribute to cancer pathophysiology and development of systems biology strategies for enhanced marker guided cancer therapy – especially for breast and ovarian cancer. His work is described in more than 400 publications and in 70 patents.
Marjorie Longo, PhD
Marjorie Longo, PhD
Professor, Department of Chemical Engineering, University of California, Davis
Marjorie is a Professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering at University of California, Davis and has performed research in the area of biological membranes for the past 28 years. She received her Ph.in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Santa Barbara, and was a postdoctoral fellow at Cornell University School of Chemical Engineering, where she studied influenza virus membrane interactions.  Marjorie received the College of Engineering Outstanding Mid-career Research Award and was a Joe and Essie Smith Endowed Chair and Chancellor's Fellow. She is a member of the Biophysical Society where she has served as a member of the Council, and Chair of the Membrane Structure and Assembly Subgroup. Her research has been funded by many agencies including NSF, DOE, USDA, and and private foundations including the American Chemical Society, Petroleum Research Fund and the Whitaker Foundation.  Marjorie has authored more than 100 research publications in the field of membrane biophysics.
Paul Schneir, PhD
Paul Schneir, PhD
Associate Professor, Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases, School of Medicine
Paul obtained his Phin physical chemistry at Berkeley and a postdoctoral tenure at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory. Paul has extensive knowledge and experience in the field of drug discovery and biophysical methods for drug characterization. Paul has held leading roles in biophysical sciences in several pharmaceutical companies including Wyeth, Amgen, and Genentech. Paul’s current research is on drug discovery of new drugs for neurodegenerative diseases. Paul’s experience brings deep understanding of the pharmaceutical drug discovery process to align Bio’s application with the market needs.Forgot Password?
Username or E-mail:
Login
Username
Password
1-855-900-NANO
Main menu
Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
Home
Technology
Early Access
Team
Contact
Careers
Contact
Home
Contact
 Purpose (required) 
General Feedback
Product Inquiry
& Services
Technical Support
Other
First Name (required): 
Last Name (required): 
Company / Institution Name (required): 
Address 1: 
Address 2: 
City : 
State / Province: 
---
Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marianas Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Virgin Islands
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Zipcode(required) :
Country: 
---
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Arctic Ocean
Aruba
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic Ocean
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Baker Island
Bangladesh
Barbados
Bassas da India
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europa Island
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Glorioso Islands
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Howland Island
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indian Ocean
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Jan Mayen
Japan
Jarvis Island
Jersey
Johnston Atoll
Jordan
Juan de Nova Island
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kingman Reef
Kiribati
Kerguelen Archipelago
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Midway Islands
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Navassa Island
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Sea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pacific Ocean
Pakistan
Palau
Palmyra Atoll
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paracel Islands
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Republic of the Congo
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
Spain
Spratly Islands
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tromelin Island
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
USA
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands
Wake Island
Wallis and Futuna
West Bank
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Telephone : 
Email (required) :
Comments : 
Contact Us
Phone
1-855-900-6266
Email
Address
2600 Hilltop Drive
Privacy Policy
 | 
Terms & Conditions
Join Us
Services
2019 © Biomachines, Inc., Richmond, 94806.  All rights reserved.