Nanōmix is the leader in the development of mobile, affordable point-of-care diagnostics. We offer a handheld testing platform and assays that provide rapid, accurate, quantitative information for use in settings where time-to-diagnosis is critical to clinical decision making and improved patient care.
Our goal is to expand access to quality health care by bringing diagnostics to the point of initial patient interaction, whether in the hospital or in pre-hospital, remote, or alternative settings.
Results in minutes,
not hours or days.
Performance equal to a central laboratory system in a handheld, mobile device.
The Next Generation in Testing
The Nanōmix rapid tests utilize an innovative platform incorporating highly sensitive, low cost carbon nanostructure biosensors that can be used for a wide range of assays and sample types. Read more ▶
LINKSNanōmix is the leader in the development of mobile point-of-care diagnostics, with a handheld testing platform and assays that provide rapid, accurate, quantitative information for use in settings where time is critical to clinical decision making and improved patient care. Our products are designed to broadly impact health care delivery by bringing diagnostics to the point of initial patient interaction, whether in the hospital or in pre-hospital, remote, or alternative settings, thus enabling faster clinical decision-making and potentially treatment-in-place.
Nanōmix’s first assay addresses the critical need for faster sepsis diagnosis, but we are developing a deep pipeline of other high value tests where the rapid availability of high-quality diagnostic information can improve patient outcomes.
Nanōmix was founded in 2000 by Berkeley professors and award-winning physicists at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Marvin Cohen and Alex Zettl.  Today, our company is poised to become the premier provider of analytical detection devices for the next generation of rapid point of care diagnostics in the projected $7 billion global market (2018).
Nanōmix also formed a collaboration in 2017 with World Technology East 2, RedPharm Biotechnology Ltd, and the associated entities in Hong Kong, China and the European Community. Our partnership focuses on the use and deployment of Nanōmix products and technology throughout Asia for human applications and worldwide veterinary applications in farm animal, companion animal, and wildlife management and control.
LINKSGarrett Gruener
Executive Chairman
Mr. Gruener is a co-founder of Alta, and was also a Partner at Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at Nanōmix from 2008 to 2013 and has more than two decades of experience in the fields of software development, systems engineering and corporate development. In 1982, he founded Virtual Microsystems, a successful communications software company that was later merged with a larger corporation. Garrett also founded Ask Jeeves, now Ask.Com, a leading Internet search engine which is now part of Garrett specializes in information technology and is on the board of directors of nCircle Network Security and Xelerated. He earned a Masters Degree from the University of California, Berkeley and a Bachelor of Science from the University of California, San Diego, both in Political Science with a focus on technology policy.
David Ludvigson
President and CEO
Mr. Ludvigson is a financial and operating executive, and entrepreneur, with over 35 years of international experience in life sciences and technology companies including Pharmaceuticals, Matrix Pharmaceutical, Nanogen, and Computer Systems.  He has over 20 years of Life Science experience including more than 15 years in the diagnostics arena and has led numerous new product efforts from concept to market launch.  Mr. Ludvigson has concluded many successful strategic transactions including multiple acquisitions, corporate partnerships, technology and intellectual property licensing agreements, and relationships and his financing experience includes venture capital, corporate, mezzanine, lease, bank credit line, LBO, and secondary public sources.  Mr. Ludvigson holds both a and from the University of Illinois.
Sherrill Lavagnino
Vice President of Engineering
Ms. Lavagnino has over 25 years of experience in developing software and integrated hardware systems.  As Senior Director of Engineering at Cognex Corporation, Ms. Lavagnino was responsible for the successful launch of highly integrated manufacturing and inspection systems.  Prior to Cognex Ms Lavagnino held the position of Senior Software Engineer at Isys Controls.  The author of numerous patents, Sherrill graduated from Smith College.
Bradley Johnson, Ph.D.
Senior Director of Technology Development
Mr. Johnson has more than 10 years of broad experience in biotechnology and biomedical devices. His primary focus is in vitro diagnostic methods, related instrumentation and technology including microfluidics and electro chemical biosensors.  He received his Ph.in Bioengineering from University of California, Berkeley.
Lei Fang, Ph.D.
Senior Director of Assay Development
Mr. Fang has more than 20 years of broad experience in scientific research and diagnostic product development. He is a molecular biologist, cell biologist and virologist with expertise in product design, development and validation under design control as well as product registrations per CLIA, and European requirements. He received his Ph.in Genetics from the University of Georgia and in Pathology from the Shanghai Medical University.
LINKS