Welcome to the Global Nanomanufacturing Engine. We ThinkSmall™ to deliver big product innovations. Our award winning innovations in critical application sectors are making a difference to improve quality of life. was founded in 2002 and today the company has given the world breakthrough nano-innovations in machining and manufacturing, lubrication and energy, adaptive chemistries for advanced textile coatings, indestructible metal surface coatings, biomedical implant coatings and strategic military applications.
Every day, is shipping globally to Fortune 100 companies as well as to emerging companies who have chosen to innovate their way to the top by incorporating our nano-engineered solutions into disruptive and far more competitive products. Overnight, has brought revolutionary and transformative innovation to world leaders in energy manufacturing, exploration and service; auto, truck and marine manufacturing; Indy and racing; agriculture and construction equipment manufacturers; refining and formulating lubrication manufacturers; aerospace manufacturing; textile manufacturers; and advanced military applications.
invests in world class people, ideas and tools to increase competitiveness in the global marketplace. We bring ideas from innovation to implementation, introducing nanomanufactured products to target markets in record time. This has led to our development of The Best Grease in the World™, and The Best Cutting Tools in the World™. Nanomanufacturing is anticipated to be the fastest growing technological and commercial innovation in the 21st Century.
is focused on patented platform nanomanufacturing technologies that offer a broad range of high value market opportunities. The operating vision of is to be the Six Sigma world leader in nanomanufacturing innovation with swift product development and an emphasis on platform technologies that are scalable for efficient mass production.
Related Links
Site Hosted by WhyteSpyderWe honor safety first – for people and the environment.
Safety is the first priority in all our activities. We are committed to implementing, developing and improving strategies, management systems and processes to ensure that all our manufacturing and research activities uphold the highest level of safety performance and meet national and international standards.
has a vital interest in providing each employee with a safe and healthy place to work. We also have an obligation to act responsibly toward the communities in which we do business.
Our objective is to manufacture products, provide services to customers, and to otherwise conduct our business in the safest possible manner and to assure public safety in conjunction with our operations and facilities. To accomplish this objective, the company is committed to complying with applicable health and safety requirements and providing training to our employees, to ensure awareness of this important effort.
All managers and supervisors bear direct responsibility for the health of each employee under their direction and a commitment to eliminating potential hazards. Each employee shall show concern for their personal safety and that of fellow employees.
In addition to health and safety considerations within our facilities, recognizes the right of all citizens to live in an environment as free of industrial pollution as feasible. In this regard, it is NanoMech’s intent that its operations are in compliance with federal, state and local environmental regulations, with an emphasis on reducing or preventing pollution at the source.
Further, to assure awareness of our environmental obligations, is committed to providing appropriate training to our employees on applicable regulatory requirements. It is the belief of that employees with adequate knowledge of environmental matters are best able to achieve improvements in environmental performance, which enhances the quality of our facilities and surrounding communities.
Maintaining the health and safety of our employees and eliminating environmental risks to the community provides substantial benefits to everyone associated with NanoMech. Health, safety and protection of the environment will always be primary goals of the company.
If any employee or individual detects a safety-related issued involving NanoMech, please notify our company immediately at 479-695-8076 or email Safety@NanoMech.com so we can take corrective action.
Thank you,
Inc.
Site Hosted by WhyteSpyderHistory
Inc., is a privately held company that was formed in 2002 by the company’s Chief Technology Officer Dr. Ajay Malshe. Upon receiving its first external funding in January 2003, began working to develop nanomanufactured products based on a coating technology pioneered by Dr. Malshe and exclusively licensed from the University of Arkansas. From 2003 until 2008, developed various applications of the NanoSpray technology under government and industrial sponsorship.  
In 2008, Mr. James Phillips joined as Chairman, assembled a Board of Directors, and led an investment round to bring to market the multiple award winning TuffTek® NanoSpray coatings to deposit ultrahard particles onto surfaces as a means to create the world’s most superior coating for cutting tools used in manufacturing worldwide.
In May 2009, had a ribbon cutting ceremony led by Governor Beebe featuring numerous regional dignitaries for its new custom-designed 9000 sq. ft. nano-manufacturing facility built in Springdale, Arkansas. 
has designed and developed several product platforms to compete in significant markets through the leveraging of its proprietary technologies and innovation skills and the strategic manufacture of nano-enabled products. Each of the technology platforms are also used to design and develop additional products as the market need for such solutions is identified.  By continually expanding the use of each platform, the Company achieves both technical and economic advantages in several important outcomes including: 
Shortened product development cycles;
Expanded market opportunities; and
Synergistic applications of multiple platforms achieving highly disruptive outcomes.
The first two products which are entering the commercial stage following the successful launch of Tufftek® are nGlide® and nGuard®. 
NanoMech’s technology and products have recently received top innovation awards from R&Magazine, Frost & Sullivan and the Department of Commerce.
The Company was converted to a Delaware corporation in May of 2010.
has recently added 8000 sq. ft. of research and development facilities in the Arkansas Research and Technology Park in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
In 2011, the Company was chosen by Arkansas’ largest business publication for the award “Number One Company to Watch.”
Treasury Secretary, Timothy Geithner made a special trip to meet with management and tour manufacturing facilities and laboratories.
Dr. Arun Majumdar, Director of ARPA-and Deputy Secretary of Energy traveled to visit and explore Nanomech’s transformative nanotechnologies of importance to the Department of Energy.
In 2012, Jim Phillips and Dr. Ajay Malshe were selected by the NanoBusiness Commercialization Association to the Most Influential Nanotechnology Leaders List.
© 2018 Nanomech. All Rights Reserved.
Site Hosted by WhyteSpyder