Home
Technology
Si-Anode Technology for Li-ion Batteries
Surface Mediated Cells
Graphene-Based Supercapacitor
Intellectual Property
Facilities
Doing Business With Us
Using Our Facilities
Collaboration and Partnerships
About Us
News
Contact Us
Click to read more...
home-slider-Li-Ion-Batteries
Click to read more...
Click here to read more...
Click to read more...
Instruments, Inc., established in 1997, specializes in using cutting edge nanotechnology for consumer applications. The core business revolves around energy storage devices such as supercapacitors, fuel cells, and next generation batteries.
holds the very first patent on the production of the “wonder material”, graphene. We use this expertise to incorporate graphene into applications where we can fully utilize its amazing properties.
Technology
focuses on bringing advanced nanotechnology into consumer products. With an emphasis on energy storage devices like  
Read More…
Intellectual Property
and its subsidiaries hold over 220 patents and have authored numerous articles on nanomaterials and advanced energy devices 
Read More…
Facilities
In 2008, relocated to a 15,000 ft
2
 facility in Dayton, Ohio. This facility includes 10,000 ft
2
 dedicated to manufacturing  
Read More…
Visit Our Sister Websites: 
Copyright © 2019 · 
Webdesign
 by: 
True Focus MediaAbout Us
Vision and Mission
Nanotek’s vision is to become an international leader in the research, development, and commercialization of low-cost nano materials, particularly for energy storage and conversion applications.
Nanotek’s mission is to:
produce highest-performing NGP-enhanced or NGP-enabled products that offer a competitive advantage and generate higher profit margins for our customers;
lead industries in establishing new market sectors for nano materials; and
continue to lead the efforts in advancing the field of nano graphene science and technology through cutting-edge research and development.
is headquartered in Dayton, Ohio. Established in 1997, has been one of the companies on the forefront of the nanotechnology revolution. The company was founded by Dr. Bor Jang, a leading expert in the research and development of low-cost carbon nanomaterials, batteries, supercapacitors, and fuel cells with over 170 patents issued or pending. Along with Dr. Jang, has assembled a truly skilled workforce of engineers, chemists, and material scientists with the aim of bringing nanotechnology into everyday life.
In 2007, spun off a company, Angstron Materials, Inc., to develop and manufacture a cost-effective, high-performance, nano-scale material called nano graphene platelets. Angstron has been manufacturing large quantities of both oxidized and pristine graphene since late 2007 and is currently the world’s largest producer of nano graphene platelets (NGPs).
Key Publications
Our researchers regularly publish research, papers, and articles related to our developments. Here are some examples of work we have published:
Graphene-Based Supercapacitor with an Ultrahigh Energy Density – http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/nl102661q
Graphene Surface-Enabled Lithium Ion-Exchanging Cells: Next-Generation High-Power Energy Storage Devices – http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/nl2018492
Reviving rechargeable lithium metal batteries: enabling next-generation high-energy and high-power cells – http://pubs.rsc.org/en/content/articlelanding/2012/ee/c2ee02911a
Visit Our Sister Websites:Collaboration and Partnerships
has established close relationships with multiple companies, universities, and research institutions over the years. We welcome collaborations and partnerships with almost any type of business or research institution.
Some of the ways we can work together include:
You can contact us and inquire how our technology can impact your business. We are happy to provide general information about the benefits of our platforms.
We sign Non-Disclosure Agreements with potential collaborators in order to transfer knowledge that may be mutually beneficial.
With development efforts that have the potential for groundbreaking or novel applications, we can negotiate a Joint Development Agreement to cover our shared inventions and contributions.
If you have other ideas about potential collaborations or partnerships, please contact us and we can discuss how to best work toward mutual success.
Visit Our Sister Websites: