is a medical device company pioneering a patient-centric use of nanomedicine for selective thermal ablation.
Company
Nanospectra’s proprietary ultra-focal technology platform has demonstrated its safety and efficacy in initial clinical trials and is viable for multiple applications including solid tumors, tissue and drug delivery. The company is implementing a multi-prong growth strategy including clinical advancement, exclusive partnering agreements and ongoing research and development.
Introducing the First Ultra-Focal Nanoshell Technology
Nanospectra’s proprietary AuroLase® Therapy utilizes ‘optical tunability’ for a new class of nanoparticles, called AuroShells®. These nanoshells convert light into heat and thermally destroy solid tumors without damaging adjacent healthy tissue.
AuroLase for the Ablation of Prostate Cancer Tissue
AuroLase is the first and only ultra-focal tissue ablation therapy designed to maximize treatment efficacy while minimizing side effects typically associated with surgery, radiation, and traditional focal therapies.
Tumor Ablation using AuroLase Therapyof Nanomedicine
is a medical device company pioneering a patient-centric use of namomedicine for selective thermal ablation. The company is bringing a new technology model to market for tissue ablation that maximizes patient benefits while minimizing side effects. In addition, is leveraging proprietary nanoshell technology for additional clinical applications and strategic partnerships. Based in Houston, Texas, the company was founded on intellectual property from Rice University and collaborative research with scientists at Anderson Cancer Center.
MANAGEMENT
and Director
Over 20 years’ executive management and investment experience in the life sciences field.
Glenn Goodrich, PhD
Extensive experience with fabrication and application of nanoparticles. Trained as a post-doctoral fellow under Dr. Naomi Halas at Rice University.
Jon Schwartz, PhD
Director, Clinical Research
Primary area of research in the development of minimally-invasive tumor ablation techniques using nanoparticles. Responsible for the conduct of Nanospectra’s clinical studies.
Michael Brawer, MD
Chief Medical Officer
DIRECTORS
Patrick Pace, MD
Chairman of the Board
Owner at Recently led a recapitalization of the company and a strategic change in focus.
Brad Nyberg
Co-founder of Scarlet Fire Private Investment, in Houston, Experience investing and growing development stage companies for successful exits.
David Jorden
and Director
Over 20 years’ executive management and investment experience in the life sciences field.
Blair Shamel
Thirty years’ sales, marketing and commercialization experience in the business of prostate cancer. Launched first commercial assay for Experience includes Hybritech, Ablation Technologies, DiagnoCure, Metabolon and Bio.
Brian Pryor, PhD
and Co-founder, LiteCure Developed and commercialized several lasers and light based technologies.
ADVISORS
Inventor of nanoparticles with tunable optical properties, controlled by their shape and structure. Authored over 200 referenced publications. Visit halas.rice.edu for more information.
Jennifer West, PhD
Co-founder; Professor, Duke University
Primary area of research in the development of minimally-invasive tumor ablation techniques using nanoparticles.
PARTNERS
Sebacia, Inc is an exclusive licensee of intellectual property for the use of proprietary microparticles in the treatment of moderate to severe acne. With a special coating and silica core, Sebacia microparticles are designed to be activated by the light from commonly used hair removal lasers. When exposed to a laser pulse, they create a focused photothermal effect in the sebaceous gland and follicle to reduce the activity level of the gland and the inflammation that causes acne.
Sebacia Microparticles received 510(k) clearance from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the second half of 2018.
The product is Marked in Europe and sold in select markets.
has an exclusive commercialization partnership with LiteCure, for the use of nanoshells in veterinary medicine, initially for the ablative treatment of solid tumors and surface lesions in dogs and cats. The treatment involves two phases, which mimic the approach in humans. First, the animal is infused with gold nanoparticles that concentrate around blood vessels associated with tumors. Next, a non-ablative laser is used to heat up the nanoparticles that kill the tumor cells without undue damage to the skin or normal tissue. Interest among specialists appears strong based on initial clinical study data presented at the 2017 Annual Conference of the Veterinary Cancer Society.
Commercial launch of the nanoshell treatment is expected in 2019.
INVESTORS
Nanospectra’s proprietary technology, addressing a market trend towards safer, less invasive therapies, has come of age with complementary MRI/ultrasound fusion imaging. The company has moved product into the clinic and demonstrated clinical safety and efficacy in patients. AuroLase Therapy for the ablation of prostate tissue may control the middle ground between active surveillance and radical therapy with its superior safety profile and cost-effective approach compared to surgery, radiation or traditional focal therapies. Further, the technology is extendable into other cancer conditions.
The company’s expertise in nanoparticle manufacturing creates competitive advantages (through barriers to entry at scale with reasonable cost under cGMP). In addition, established and potential exclusive license agreements provide near term royalties and strategic supply revenues.
Contact Us
If you would like to send us an email, please use the form below.
8285 El Rio St # 150, Houston, 77054