Photonic Curing
Photonic Curing is the high-temperature thermal processing of a thin film using pulsed light from a flashlamp. When this transient processing is done on a low-temperature substrate such as plastic, paper or glass it is possible to attain a significantly higher temperature than the substrate can ordinarily withstand under an equilibrium heating source such as an oven.
NovaCentrix Welcomes You to Austin, TX
Any time of year is a great time to come to Austin. Nestled at the edge of the Texas Hill Country, Austin is known for its vibrant live music scene, large swaths of green space in the middle of downtown, and tech-minded folks. Great food, including Tex Mex and barbeque, is one of the great attractions. Golf, cycling, jogging, and lake sports are popular in this outdoors-oriented city
We look forward to your visit.
DO
NovaCentrix offers industry leading photonic curing tools, conductive inks, material and expertise enabling development and production of next generation printed electronic devices – some already on the market. PulseForge® tools utilize photonic curing which is a cutting edge technology that dries, sinters, and anneals functional inks in milliseconds on low-temperature, flexible substrates such as paper and plastic. PulseForge tools can save time and money, and enable new types of products in applications like solar, RFID, display, packaging, and circuit. Our Metalon® conductive inks capitalize on advanced materials and formulation to provide conductivity options for additive manufacturing of printed electronics with stretchable, solderable, resistive, and magnetic qualities.
NovaCentrix partners with you to take ideas from inception to full production. Our PulseForge tools continue to revolutionize the printed electronics industry through photonic curing, enabling product innovators and manufacturers the option of flexible, low cost substrates and functionality not possible with conventional ovens and lasers.
CUSTOMERS
Our customer base includes consumer and military electronics manufacturers as well as academic and scientific research and development organizations. These manufacturers and organizations are scattered across the globe including Europe, Asia, India and the Our customer sales and support teams are located in China, South Korea, Germany, Netherlands and the NovaCentrix’s design and manufacturing center is located in Austin, Texas.
TEAM
NovaCentrix team develops, patents, and commercializes new technologies in printed electronics, nanoparticle manufacturing, pulsed power equipment, and related fields. Our science and engineering team has decades of cumulative experience. We strive to create class-leading technologies, such as the PulseForge® tools and the Metalon® inks . We work to enable every customer to succeed in their efforts. If we can add products or capabilities, or make improvements for our customers' benefit, we'd like to hear about it.
Dr. Dave Pope
Director of Printing Technologies
Joining NovaCentrix in 2008, Dave leads the inks development group and works with the applications and sales teams to provide customers with solutions for their printing projects.
Vice President, Engineering
Joining NovaCentrix in 2000, Doug Jackson is the Vice President of Engineering. Doug is a co-inventor of many of the company’s technologies related to the PulseForge and to nanopowder synthesis, and has nine patents.
Chief Executive Officer and President
Manager and President of NovaCentrix as of February 26, 2008. He has over 25 years’ experience in energy markets and technologies, including photovoltaics, and oil exploration and recovery.
Chief Marketing Officer
Joining NovaCentrix in 1999, Stan is Chief Marketing Officer. Stan is responsible for strategic and tactical global marketing and sales for all NovaCentrix products, including the company's PulseForge tools and Metalon and PChem inks for printed and flexible electronics.
Dr. Karl Martin
Vice President, Operations
Joining NovaCentrix in 2000, Dr. Karl Martin is the Vice President of Operations. Karl serves in a variety of engineering and manufacturing roles, centering primarily on the nanoparticle reactor. 
Dr. Kurt Schroder
Chief Technology Officer
Joining NovaCentrix in 2000, Dr. Kurt Schroder is Chief Technology Officer. Kurt is the inventor of the photonic curing process which is incorporated within all PulseForge tools as well as numerous supporting technologies.
Director of Printing Technologies
Joining NovaCentrix in 2008, Dave leads the inks development group and works with the applications and sales teams to provide customers with solutions for their printing projects.
Vice President, Engineering
Joining NovaCentrix in 2000, Doug Jackson is the Vice President of Engineering. Doug is a co-inventor of many of the company’s technologies related to the PulseForge and to nanopowder synthesis, and has nine patents.
Chief Executive Officer and President
Manager and President of NovaCentrix as of February 26, 2008. He has over 25 years’ experience in energy markets and technologies, including photovoltaics, and oil exploration and recovery.
Chief Marketing Officer
Joining NovaCentrix in 1999, Stan is Chief Marketing Officer. Stan is responsible for strategic and tactical global marketing and sales for all NovaCentrix products, including the company's PulseForge tools and Metalon and PChem inks for printed and flexible electronics.
Why work here? The chance to have a meaningful and recognizable impact on the company’s evolution. You will work in a collaborative, concurrent engineering environment to design, manufacture, support and integrate cutting edge technology on photonic curing systems that are changing printed electronics applications worldwide.
Location: North Austin-Round Rock, Texas
As the Marketing and Events Manager, you will report to the Chief Marketing Officer (CMO). Working closely with the CMO, you will utilize your creativity and problem solving skills to provide marketing and sales support to our efforts to grow current customers and attract new ones. You will work in a collaborative, friendly environment iteracting with multiple disciplines within the company. Our photonic curing systems are changing printed electronics applications worldwide. You will have a stake in crafting that change. To apply, please send your resume to: mike.webb@novacentrix.com
Headquartered in Austin, TX, NovaCentrix offers industry leading photonic curing tools, conductive inks, material and expertise enabling development and production of next generation printed electronic devices.
Get In Touch