The NeuMoDxSystems are a family of scalable platforms that fully integrate the entire diagnostic process from “sample to result”. The 288 and the 96 Systems are fully automated, continuous random-access analyzers that utilize our proprietary NeuDryreagent technology, which integrates magnetic particle affinity capture and real time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) chemistry in a multi-sample microfluidic cartridge. This technology, combined with a platform, uniquely incorporates robotics and microfluidics that result in higher throughput, improved performance and increased efficiency by eliminating the waste associated with technologies that required reconstitution of lyophilized reagents.
has recently received 510(k) clearance for its Assay for the detection of Group Streptococcus (GBS) in antepartum pregnant women and will continue development of tests to detect and monitor sexually transmitted and infectious diseases. Additionally, offers a broad range of general purpose reagents and consumables for use by laboratorians in developing qualitative and quantitative Laboratory Developed Tests (LDTs) for use with the Systems to detect and amplify and targets.
President/Sundu Brahmasandra introduces the 96 System at the European Society for Clinical Virology in Athens, Greece
Chairman and CEO, Jeff is the founding of Molecular. Previously, he had been President and of Accuri Cytometers, a life science instrument and clinical diagnostic company, from January 2010 until its sale to Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE: BDX) for $205in March 2011. During his tenure at Accuri, Jeff oversaw year-over-year revenue growth of 65%, the development of a clinical system, and the achievement of positive cash flow. Prior to Accuri, he had been President and of HandyLab, a diagnostic company, since 2004. At HandyLab, Jeff led the growth and venture financing of the company, ultimately resulting in its sale for $275in November 2009. Prior to HandyLab, Jeff was President and of Genomic Solutions Inc., a life science products company he co-founded in 1997. He led Genomic Solutions through a period of rapid growth culminating in an on in 2000 and merger with Harvard Biosciences, Inc. in late 2002. Prior to Genomic Solutions, Jeff held executive and management level positions in several bioscience companies, including and Boehringer Mannheim.
Jeff received a in Biology from Alma College and a from the University of Michigan.
Sundu Brahmasandra
President and COO, Sundu serves as the President of Molecular. Most recently, he served as the President of Life Magnetics, Inc. a spin-out from the University of Michigan developing a novel, non-microscope based platform for real-time monitoring of cell growth, death and other binding events. Prior to Life Magnetics, Sundu served as a of R&D/Assay Development in the Infectious Disease division at Diagnostics. Prior to BD, Sundu was Co-Founder and Product Development of HandyLab, Inc., where he led the development & validation of the Jaguar diagnostic platform as well as proprietary nucleic acid preparation technologies and a multitude of real-time assays spanning diagnostics, food-borne pathogen detection, testing and other applications. HandyLab was acquired by in Nov 2009 for more than $275 million.
Sundu received his from the Indian Institute of Technology, Chennai and a Phin Chemical Engineering from the University of Michigan in 2001.
Daniel Harma
Chief Commercial Officer, Dan serves as the Chief Commercial Officer at where he is responsible for building and leading the infrastructure to market and support the solutions. Previously, Dan was with Abbott Diagnostics for over 25 years serving in various commercial leadership roles including Sales, Marketing, Enterprise Account Management and International General Management. He has a proven track record of hiring, developing and leading top performing commercial organizations.
Chairman and CEO, Jeff is the founding of Molecular. Previously, he had been President and of Accuri Cytometers, a life science instrument and clinical diagnostic company, from January 2010 until its sale to Becton, Dickinson and Company (NYSE: BDX) for $205in March 2011. During his tenure at Accuri, Jeff oversaw year-over-year revenue growth of 65%, the development of a clinical system, and the achievement of positive cash flow. Prior to Accuri, he had been President and of HandyLab, a diagnostic company, since 2004. At HandyLab, Jeff led the growth and venture financing of the company, ultimately resulting in its sale for $275in November 2009. Prior to HandyLab, Jeff was President and of Genomic Solutions Inc., a life science products company he co-founded in 1997. He led Genomic Solutions through a period of rapid growth culminating in an on in 2000 and merger with Harvard Biosciences, Inc. in late 2002. Prior to Genomic Solutions, Jeff held executive and management level positions in several bioscience companies, including and Boehringer Mannheim.
Managing Partner, LionBird, and retired EVP, Diagnostic Products, Abbott
Founder & Managing Director, Arboretum Ventures
Jan Garfinkle specializes in medical technology investments, utilizing her educational background in biomedical engineering, extensive operating experience, and industry connections to select and nurture outstanding companies. Jan led Arboretum’s investment in HandyLab and served on the Board of Directors for five years until the company was acquired by Becton Dickinson. She presently serves as a director of Ebb Therapeutics, NXThera, NeuMoDx, and Strata Oncology, and as a board observer for nVision Medical. Prior to founding Arboretum in 2002, Jan spent 20 years in senior management positions and was Founder and President of Strategic Marketing Consultants. Earlier in her career, Jan was part of the senior management team for two successful medical device start-up companies, Advanced Cardiovascular Systems (ACS) and Devices for Vascular Intervention (DVI), both of which were acquired and became part of Guidant Corporation.
Director, Baird Capital
Executive Director, Pfizer Ventures