CART
<
>
We focus on market areas where our team’s experience, expertise, networks, and ability to add value provide distinct advantage and create leverage:
Cybersecurity, software, and healthcare information technology.
We carefully evaluate potential portfolio investments based on four key success factors.
Large Market Opportunities Addressing Significant Unmet Needs:  We seek to invest in and build companies commercializing technologies and technology-enabled services addressing major unmet needs in one or more large markets.
Risk Mitigation:  We look for solutions involving with a clear and efficient path to commercialization and value creation.  This generally involves a technological foundation of engineering and development that has been, or can be, proven readily.  We seek to minimize risks such as uncertain and open-ended scientific experimentation, as well as uncertain and attenuated regulatory obstacles.
Capital Efficiency:  We are passionate about investing in a highly efficient manner and believe this aligns the incentives and interests of the companies and teams we back, as well as the limited partners who back us.  We focus on opportunities where substantial value can be generated with rational amounts of capital, and where follow-on investment can support sustained revenue growth through exit.  This approach is intended to enable successful operation of portfolio companies resulting in outsized returns regardless of market conditions.
Team Relationships:  We are supportive and collaborative investors committed to adding value to our companies for the long-term throughout their life cycle.  We invest at the earliest stages, even launching companies ourselves, and continue investing as value is created and risk is reduced.  We have been founders and entrepreneurs ourselves and understand the need to determine the appropriate business model, strategy, team, and capital need for each individual company and stage, from inception to exit.  We also know from experience that success in formulating and executing a business plan requires teamwork at every level and we look to maximize this value in the teams and syndicates with whom we partner.
NTV’s strategy includes spinning-out, leveraging, and commercializing high potential developed technologies with clear market and exit opportunities.  As a team with investment and operating experience at all stages, we are comfortable creating enterprises, financing companies by ourselves, and building and leading syndicates of co-investors bringing complementary networks and aligned vision. Regardless of the size and stage of our initial investment, we expect to continue supporting successful portfolio companies through the entire financing lifecycle. In addition to capital, we are committed to doing what it takes to partner with great teams to build great companies.
Our investment and operating philosophy are based on the core belief that the best results are obtained by maintaining a clear commitment to collaborating with, and aligning incentives of, developers, entrepreneurs, management teams, and syndicate partners involved in the process of building a successful enterprise.
We are active and hands-on in formulating strategy and plans, building teams, and providing guidance, support and access to our network.  We strongly believe that each opportunity is unique, and that careful attention needs to be paid in each case to determining the right business model and plan, and building the right team to execute successfully.
© 2018 / Management, Inc.