Contact Us
Inquiry 
RSS
Worldwide(USA)
Products
Solutions
News
Support
Partners
About 台灣
中国
Italia
日本
UK
Industrial Fanless Computer
Atom™ Compact
Atom™ Power
Core™-i Performance
Front Access Core™-i
Machine Automation
Controller
EtherMotion Controller
EtherSlave Module
EtherCAT-based Robot Solutions
Machine Automation Controller
PC-based Factory Automation 
Fieldbus MiniPCIe Modules
Automation Industrial Computer
MiniPCIe Module Expansions - COM
MiniPCIe Module Expansions - LAN
Softlogic Controller
Tray Rackmount
Video
at TAi2017
Application Stories
Predictive Diagnostic Maintenance to Safeguard System in Semiconductor Factoriesy
PC-Based Controller Integrates Billing System for Car Washes in Dubai
NEXCOM's 1533Controller Attains Stability to Boost Cookie Packing Outcome
Panel PC
Applied Panel PC/ Monitor
Human Machine Interface
Industrial Panel PC/ Monitor
Teach Pendant
Software Solution 
IntervalZero - RTOS
Professional Software Service – BIOS, Bootloader, Kernel, eAPI, Driver & Embedded OS/BSP
Remote Management Tools - Xcare™ 3.0
SCADA, SoftImplementation
Industry Firewall Solution
Industrial Wireless Solutions
Industrial Wi-Fi
Outdoor Wi-Fi
Remote Network Management
IoSolutions
IoGateway
IoStudio
Gateway
Vehicle Telematics Computer
Vehicle Gateway
Fleet Management
Public Transit / Public Works
First Response Vehicles
Security
Vehicle Mount Computer
Port Management
Fleet Management
Warehouse Management 
Public Transit
Modular Vehicle Computer System
Public Transit / Public Works
First Response Vehicles
Security
Railway Computer
Security w/ software
Passenger Information System
Security
Mobile NVR
Vehicle w/ software
Train w/ software
Vehicle Mount Display
7"
8"
10"
In-Vehicle Networking
PoSwitch
Advanced Telematics Computer
Video
Transportation: All-In-One Vehicle Mount Computer for Port and Warehouse Logistics
In-vehicle Computers Deliver Emergency Healthcare with in the Netherlands
Application Stories
Passenger Information System Boosts Customer Satisfaction in European Buses
3Camera
Camera
Box Camera
Indoor Dome Camera
Bullet Camera
Mobile Camera
Outdoor Dome Camera
Hardware Platform
Tower NVR
Mobile NVR
Rack NVR
Panoramic Camera
180-degree Panoramic Camera
ANPR/LPR
High Speed
Mid Range
Short Range
Video
3Camera for Transportation Business Intelligence
Application Stories
NEXCOM's Cameras Augment Surveillance Accuracy and Coverage in Sydney Car Park
Turn Surveillance Video into Actionable Intelligence
Digital Signage Player
High-performance Player
Multi-display Player
Player
Value Player
Appliance Solutions
Central Management Appliance
Media Player Appliance
Video Wall Signage Solutions
Interactive Signage Solution Packs
Digital Signage Solution
Instant Digital Shelf Solution
Retail Analytics Solution
Interactive Gesture Controlled Solution
Video Analytics Solution
Kiosk Panel PC
16:9 Kiosk Panel PC
Intelligent Kiosk Solution
Open Frame Panel PC
4:3 Open Frame Panel PC
Passenger Information Panel PC
All-in-one Panel PC
Display
Marine Computer
Fanless Computer
Panel PC
POS
Mid-Range Terminal
High Performance Terminal
Touch Monitor
Box PC
Embedded Computing
3.5'' / 5.25'' SBC
Computer-on-Module
Mini-MB
Starter Kits
Industrial Rackmount Computer
Industrial Motherboard
Rackmount System
1.0/1.3 BackPlane
1.0/1.3 SBC
Accelerator
AIBooster-X8
Video
Smart Engine ‧ Smart City at 2019
Smart Retail Solution at 2018
Application Stories
Digital Signage Player Captivates Customers Facilitating Self-Shopping
Digital Signage Player Helps Bus Passengers Adjust Trips Timely
Cyber Security Solutions
Desktop
- Soc Based Appliance
- X86 Based Appliance
Rackmount
- SoBased Appliance
- X86 Based Entry Level Appliance
- X86 Based Mainstream Appliance
- X86 Based Performance Appliance
Module
Edge & Cloud Solutions
CPE/vAppliance
SD-Appliance
Datacenter Appliance
Industrial Gateway Solutions
SoC-Based Appliance
X86-Based Appliance
Network Peripheral Solutions
Switch
Storage
Video
Carrier Grade Open Network in 5G
Networking and Communication: Powerful Enterprise Networking Solution for Cybersecurity Application
IoGateway
101
NMCB101C
Video Conference System
Software Package
ToGazer
Download
White Papers
Open Innovation Platform Helps Shape the Landscape of IoApplications
WebPromotes Cross-Platform Video Messaging, Inspiring Creative IIoUses
HealthCare & Medical
Feb. 5-8, 2019
 Amsterdam, Netherlands
Aug. 29 - Sep. 1, 2018
Nangang, Taipei
Sep. 18-21, 2018
Berlin, Germany
Committed to Customer Success
Cookie
Privacy
SitemapSmart Engine ‧ Smart City at 2019
Reliable Partner for the Intelligent Solutions
Founded in 1992 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, is committed to being your trustworthy partner in building the intelligent solutions. To surpass customers' expectations, makes the difference by utilizing its decades of industrial computing experience, a highly talented R&team, and by providing exceptional levels of customer service. With these core strengths, has enabled its customers to win key projects in a diverse range of industries.
With its focus on delivering these core values to better serve customers, integrates its capabilities and operates six global businesses, which are IoAutomation Solutions (IAS), Intelligent Digital Security (IDS), Internet of Things (IoT), Intelligent Platform & Services (IPS), Mobile Computing Solutions (MCS), and Network and Communication Solutions (NCS). This strategic deployment enables to offer time-to-market, time-to-solution products and service without compromising cost.
In addition, the service-to-market business model gives core competence to build a strong world-class service network by providing customized service, global logistics, local access, and real-time support. Operating six subsidiaries, from China, Italy, Japan, Taiwan, the United States, to the United Kingdom, is able to better facilitate customers' requirements as well as closely work with global partners in different regions.
Partners should also be assured that NEXCOM's Taiwan based Headquarters and subsidiary offices in China, and have obtained 9001:2008 Certification.
Corporate Vision
To become the industrial leader in providing intelligent solutions, utilizes its industry leading technology, localized customer support and worldwide logistics services. This will be achieved by:
Great team work
quality partner in engineering, manufacturing and services
Business Strategy
Aim to better support the activities of all its partners, divides its sales force into six dedicated business units to target rapidly expanding vertical markets. This enhances each business unit concentrating on strategic channel accounts and on repeat order business. Moreover, NEXCOM's business units have been set up to serve the requirements of key project accounts, where product and project support are frequently required.
is working with embedded computing solution providers to envision new opportunities for growth. We'll help you deliver reliable vertical solutions, optimized for the next wave of Ioand Industry 4.0.
24/7 Production Line Optimal Manufacturing Efficiency
Over a decade ago, successfully launched the series of Single Board Computers onto the market, and in doing so, gained a solid reputation for product quality and innovation. In subsequent years, has enhanced its reputation for R&excellence with a multitude of high-end products, which has cemented as one of the industry leaders for R&and innovation.
The mission of R&team is to design exceptional products that meet the stringent requirements of today's global markets. In order to achieve this goal, we have recruited hundreds of talented engineers who have the knowledge and expertise to make NEXCOM's products stand out in this highly competitive market.
offers solutions for Iogateway, robot controller, connected cars, Industry 4.0, and industrial security applications. The team is encouraged to "Think with New Ideas" and "Know how to make it and do it right first time". In addition, 's R&team has been expanded to over 300 engineers with the ration of software engineers to hardware engineers coming to about 1:1, and remains as one of core competences of the company.
Versatile Design Capabilities
High availability network security platform, blade, and cPCI
Rugged tablet computer and car PC
Ultra small footprint computer-on-module
Quality Assurance
Committed to Customer Success©2011 International Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Cookie Privacy Sitemap
Take a minute and tell us what you think!Contact Us
Inquiry 
RSS
Worldwide(USA)
Products
Solutions
News
Support
Partners
About 台灣
中国
Italia
日本
UK
Home
Partners
Partners
IoAutomation Partners
Cyber Physical System Partners
Alliance Partners
Business Strategic Partners
Software Solution Partners
Channel Partners
Solutions Demo
see more
Video
see more
Partners
works closely with worldwide channel partners to deliver products and services with speed, quality and reliability. provides the latest information to our customers and meets channel partners' needs in turn.
IoAutomation Partners
and Automation Partners provide system integration and total vertical market solutions for industrial applications.
Cyber Physical System Partners
has worked with Cyber Physical System Partners to offer comprehensive solutions to accelerate the convergence of operational and information technology.
Alliance Partners
joins the industry alliances and allows our customers to enjoy the synergy.
Business Strategic Partners
In alliance with well-established companies across industries, and partners strive to fulfill customer expectations, and by doing so achieve mutual growth.
Software Solution Partners
and software partners provide total solutions designed with functions that best suit customer need.
Channel Partners
works closely with worldwide channel partners to deliver products and services with speed, quality and reliability. Find a nearby distributor right away.
Committed to Customer Success
Cookie
Privacy
Sitemap