NTI
Integration (NTI) was founded in 2009 under a different business name. President and CEO, Jonathan Lucky had been working in the software sales arena rounding out his skills as a technical expert. Holding tech and management positions in; Pharma, Healthcare and Software, he was ready to begin providing technical consulting to small businesses.
"always had a passion for and in some way helping others. My last job was as a technical consultant and the goal there was to understand how small businesses operate. Sure, knew how to set-up a server and network, but didn't necessarily know how to tie that to solving business problems".
During the time period Mr. Lucky worked as a sales consultant, he met with over 300 business owners and began to understand the problems all businesses face when it comes to technology.
"understood that businesses of course need and support but not necessarily all the overhead that comes with it. The cost of support staff, keeping up with security and updates along with a fast changing technical landscape were all issues small businesses face."
That's when was created.
"Between 2009-2012 we only did traditional services. Consulting and break/fix were it. There was no proactive management, no managed services and the cloud was just emerging."
is a family owned and operated S-Corp. In 2012, Harold Beof joined the business and brought 20+ years of security integration, electrical and low-voltage experience.
"This was a game changer for us. With electronic security starting to touch networks this was a perfect fit for us and a space we wanted to be in".
Over the years, has added services and continued to adapt to the cloud space and changing technical landscape.
 Q1/2012 – C10 Electrical Contractor’s License CA
 Q2/2012 – Entered cloud space and Saa(backups, virtual desktops, virtual servers, hosted applications, Office 365, Azure)
 Q3/2012 – Managed Services/Virtual (Proactive Management)
 Q1/2013 – Won 1st Gov Contract
 2014 – License
 Q2/2016 - Autotask Workplace Reseller (File Share and Synch) Cloud Server
 2016 - Won 3 mid-size government contracts for security integration
 Q4/2016 - Entered into Microsoft's Cloud Solution Provider Program
 is heavily committed to working with small business to leverage to maximize productivity and efficiency.
"We have gone out to find the best of breed products so that small businesses don't have to. We believe in the products and approach so much that we use them internally and recommend them to our friends and family."
Hours
Monday
*
*
*
*
San Diego, 92128