Home
About
Services
Fabrication
Contact
Welcome to As a staffing/and consulting firm that specializes in Engineering and cutting-edge technology, we are always looking for quality applicants that are hungry for a challenge...
Apply today
Providing excellence in Human Resources and Engineering, High Technology Projects and all aspects of Engineering
Learn More
We provide talent
Put our 20 years of experience to work for you
Engineering & High-Tech are our job
recruits only the experts
Projects with a global scope
clients supply next-level technology to the world
Direct Hire
provides complete direct hire placement services, using traditional and innovative Web- and social-networking techniques to recruit the most talented candidates.
Contract-to-Hire
This service can also be used as a trial period to test the fit of a candidate before that person becomes a full-time member of your staff.
Master Vendor
provides a single point of contact for all your staffing suppliers, ensure uniform terms and billing rates, and offer you the simplicity of a single invoice process, no matter how many departments or locations require staffing.
Outsourcing
provides you with elite technical professionals who get the job done, help your staff integrate the new system if needed, and then it\'s back to business for you and your team – no administrative hassles, just clean, professional high-tech projects completed on time and on budget.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. - Arthur Clarke 
helps build magic...
Thanks for visiting 
Whether you need technical staffing/assistance or you're looking to use your skills on an international scale, we are eager to be your trusted source.
Navigation
About
Services
Fabrication
Contact
AddressAt Inc., we are committed to establishing successful long-term relationships with our client companies and our candidates. We are dedicated to providing you with excellent service and high-quality options, matching the needs of our client companies with the skills of our candidates. Our motto is to lead the staffing industry by setting the standards for professional integrity and excellence!
offers qualified, engineering and high technology personnel in a full range of skills for your staffing needs. Whether you are an individual seeking a new job, or an employer looking for staffing solutions, is ready to meet your needs. is unique because we emphasize personal service in a fast-paced, highly competitive industry. In addition, as a firm that is totally committed to satisfying our customers, we take the time to understand your concerns. Helping our clients achieve their goals is our highest priority. Our dedicated recruiters are available to facilitate the coordination of effective staffing solutions that meet your specifications. We provide the right people at the right time with the right skills.
Our Commitment to Prospective Candidates
* To meet the needs of our talented professionals, we provide extremely competitive compensation.
* We understand that we are only as good as the staff we place and will only work with you if we have the right placement for your skills and current work situation.
* Our staffing experts offer nationwide opportunities and access to an extensive network of companies from our professional alliances.
* We are committed to working with you to ensure your experience is one that enhances your personal and professional growth and development.
Phone : 831-277-0043
Fax : 702-554-1906
Email : info@oasdesigngroup.com
Website : http://www.oasdesigngroup.com