Patent license permits Chem to utilize boehmite separators for lithium-ion batteries
WOBURN, Mass., April 18, 2016 — recently granted a license to Chem Ltd. under a patent portfolio controlled by covering batteries, cells, separators and electrolyte members comprising boehmite.
Organic solar cells offer lower cost materials compared to traditional inorganic solar cells. holds patents covering organic photovoltaic cells with new electron donor and hole transport materials.  These materials are strongly infrared absorbing and convert sunlight to electricity in the ultraviolet, visible, and infrared regions. Learn more >>
Optodot’s infrared (IR) optical materials have a variety of features that are desirable in multiple markets, ranging from Security Markings (security / identification, anti-counterfeiting / authentication, and financial transaction cards), to premium Energy-Conserving Window Film,  to Optical Communications, and beyond. Optodot’s optical films block/reflect 95% of the infrared spectrum despite their low visible color. Learn more >>
Lithium Ion Battery Technology
Conventional lithium ion battery separators reinforced with a ceramic coating have demonstrated significant improvements to the safety, cycle life, and performance of lithium ion batteries (LIBs), leading to widespread industry adoption in everything from smartphones to large-format lithium ion batteries for electric vehicles (xEVs) and other high-energy or high-power applications.  Learn more >>
W
has developed the world’s first flexible, free-standing all-ceramic nanoporous membrane separator, NPORE®, for lithium ion batteries. NPORE® separators provide superior functionality and outstanding heat resistance for current and next-generation lithium ion batteries.   Learn more >>
W
Electrode Coated Separators
Optodot’s Electrode Coated Separator technology, funded by the DOE, aims to reduce the cost of manufacturing lithium ion batteries and the cost of the inactive components by 20-40%, while improving their safety, lifetime, and energy and power density, by incorporating new, inactive components of separator, current collectors, and termination materials, and by utilizing a simpler and faster battery assembly process.  Learn more >>
is an intellectual property, specialty products, and contract services company specializing in advanced coatings for a variety of applications. Our unique materials platforms are covered by over sixty and international pending and issued patents.  Through strategic partnerships and licensing, our technologies have been used for products ranging from security labeling to energy-conserving window films. Product development is ongoing for the lithium ion battery separator markets. Since its founding in 2000, has worked both with private-sector companies (from startups to Global 100’s) and with federal agencies, such as the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy. continues to seek business partners and licensees to commercialize products for better energy, security, and communications solutions that benefit people and our planet.
To learn more about our company, our products, and technology licensing opportunities, please contact us.Steve Carlson
President & CEO
Dr. Steve Carlson is President, CEO, and Founder of Optodot, and has led for the 17 years since its founding in 2000.  He has over 40 years of experience as a chief technology officer or chief marketing officer for various high-technology companies in the battery, imaging, data storage media, coatings, and chemicals businesses. Steve’s inventions are protected by over 40 patents and patent applications, including 20 patents on ceramic separators for batteries.  He has been a registered patent agent since 1995.  Steve earned his Ph.in organic chemistry from MIT.
Dave Avison
Chief Technology Officer
Dave has over 30 years of industrial experience in the development of polymer-based solutions for continuous web coating applications.  He has led multiple commercially-successful new product development programs, several of which have required international technology transfer.  Prior to joining in October 2015, Dave was Director of New Technology at Madico, Inc., where he collaborated with and led the development, scale-up, and validation of thermally-stable separators for enhanced performance and safety in lithium ion batteries.  Mr. Avison holds numerous patents, and has 14 patents pending worldwide and 2 provisional patent filings for improved composite separators for lithium ion batteries.  Dave has a and in chemistry and polymer science from UMASS/Lowell and has Six Sigma Black Belt certification.
Ben Sloan
General Manager
Ben has been part of the team since 2004, contributing in a number of different roles during his 13+ years with Optodot.  Ben is Optodot’s General Manager, while also overseeing Sales and Business Development.  Ben has been instrumental in leading efforts to monetize Optodot’s technology and through strategic partnerships, licensing agreements, and product sales. He is a co-inventor on several issued, pending, and provisional patents at Optodot.  Ben has a in Economics from Wheaton College, Norton, MA.
Scott Swazey
Chief Strategy Officer
Scott has over 25 years of experience in hardware testing and development.  Scott has overseen multiple engineering and hardware development initiatives.  Prior to joining Optodot, Scott was Senior Manager, Hardware Test at Tesla where he was responsible for the development of production test hardware and software for the battery, motor, charger, and infotainment systems.  Prior to Joining Tesla, he spent 18 years of his career at Qualcomm, where he was Director of Engineering.  He holds numerous patents, and has a in Computer Engineering from San Diego State University.
Background
Thomas Edison said, “Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.” Edison’s credo has significant resonance for president Dr. Steve Carlson, who forged a friendship with the inventor’s son, Theodore Edison, in the 1980s. Edison’s inventions revolutionized life in the 20th century. Since its founding in 2000, has been matching its advanced materials technologies to the pressing needs of the 21st century world market.
continually seeks to innovate in the commercialization of next generation products based on nanoporous membranes and infrared (IR) organic coatings. Our discoveries in this field have produced a wide range of products for commercial, government, and military applications.
Since its founding in 2000, has worked both with private-sector companies (from startups to Global 100’s) and with federal agencies, such as the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy. continues to seek business partners and licensees to commercialize products for better energy, security, and communications solutions that benefit people and our planet.
Location
Our Devens, headquarters are strategically located near manufacturing partners for convenient production outsourcing and collaborative research and development, and in close proximity to major universities and technical centers of excellence.