Quality Statement
is committed to providing high-quality products that meet customer expectations and comply with regulations. We will achieve these goals by adhering to and maintaining an effective quality-management system designed to ensure product quality, performance, and safety.
X
Image Use Agreement
By downloading, copying, or making any use the images located on this website (“Site”) you acknowledge that you have read and understand, and agree to, the terms this Image Usage Agreement, as well as the terms provided on the Legal Notices webpage, which together govern your use the images as provided below. If you do not agree to such terms, do not download, copy or use the images in any way, unless you have written permission signed by an authorized representative.
Subject to the terms this Agreement and the terms provided on the Legal Notices  webpage (to the extent they do not conflict with the terms this Agreement), you may use the images on the Site solely for (a) editorial use by press and/or industry analysts, (b) in connection with a normal, peer-reviewed, scientific publication, book or presentation, or the like. You may not alter or modify any image, in whole or in part, for any reason. You may not use any image in a manner that misrepresents the associated product, service or technology or any associated characteristics, data, or properties thereof. You also may not use any image in a manner that denotes some representation or warranty (express, implied or statutory) from the product, service or technology. The rights granted by this Agreement are personal to you and are not transferable by you to another party.
You, and not Biosciences, are responsible for your use the images. You acknowledge and agree that any misuse the images or breach this Agreement will cause irreparable harm. is either an owner or licensee the image, and not an agent for the owner. You agree to give a credit line as follows: "Courtesy California, Inc., Menlo Park, CA, USA" and also include any other credits or acknowledgments noted by Biosciences. You must include any copyright notice originally included with the images on all copies.
"AS-IS" WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY, INCLUDING, TO, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OWNERSHIP, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, IMAGES.
You agree that may terminate your access to and use the images located on the PacificBiosciences.com website at any time and without prior notice, if it considers you to have violated any the terms this Image Use Agreement. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Biosciences, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third party information providers to the Site from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation by you the terms this Image Use Agreement or Biosciences' termination your access to or use the Site. Termination will not affect Biosciences' rights or your obligations which accrued before the termination.
have read and understand, and agree to, the Image Usage Agreement.
disagree and would like to return to the home page.
Your partner in life science exploration
Based in the heart Silicon Valley, provides sophisticated genomic analysis systems that deliver invaluable insights for scientists who strive to resolve complex genetic challenges.
In an effort to push the boundaries molecular biology, our founders invented a new way to study the synthesis and regulation DNA, RNA, and proteins. Harnessing advances in biochemistry, optics, nanofabrication, and more, we developed Single Molecule, Real-Time (SMRT) Sequencing technology . This powerful technology transforms the understanding biological systems by enabling real-time analysis biomolecules with single-molecule resolution.
PacBio sequencing  offers the most comprehensive view genomes, transcriptomes, and epigenomes — including the full spectrum genetic variation — by providing the longest average read lengths, highest consensus accuracy, and most uniform coverage any sequencing technology on the market today. Ideal for de novo genome assembly and genetic variation characterization humans , animals, plants , and microbes , this system features high-performance optics, automated liquid handling, and an intuitive, intelligent operating system.
Blog