Positive Patient Stories™
Overview
Learn More
Founders
Dr. Walter Gilbert
 Ph.D.
Dr. Stuart Levy
 M.D.
Executive Team
Michael Bigham
Evan Loh, M.D.
More >>
Management Team
Jason Burdette
Jeanne Jew
More >>
Board of Directors
Michael Bigham
Evan Loh, M.D.
More >>
NUZYRA™ (omadacycline)
100 mg for injection/150 mg tablets
Prescribing Information
Important Safety Information
Patent
Overview
Learn More
Presentations
Corporate Presentation
Download as PDF
Investor Day Presentation
Download as PDF
More >>
Medical Conferences
Bibliography
 Omadacycline
More >>
Manuscripts
Minimal inhibitory concentration of omadacycline and doxycycline against bacterial isolates with known tetracycline resistance determinants
Omadacycline gut microbiome exposure does not induce Clostridium difficile proliferation or toxin production in a model that simulates the proximal, medial and distal human colon
More >>
Overview
Learn More
The Team
Testimonials
More >>
Positions Available
Senior Manager, Commercial Analytics
Senior Director/Executive Director, Microbiology
Director, Sales Training and Development
More>>
Apply Now
Application Form
More >>
Overview
Learn More
Sign Up for Product Insights
Learn more about and its portfolio of innovative products
More >>
Medical Inquiries
Home
About
About
Positive outcomes. Positive patient stories.
At Paratek, we pursue solutions that enable positive outcomes and lead to positive patient stories. is a biopharmaceutical company that develops transformative solutions for patients, both in and out of the hospital, with diseases that are difficult to treat.
We focus on drugs that target infectious disease and other difficult to treat conditions.
Four core elements serve as the foundation upon which our brand is built.  They guide how we communicate, how we act and the experiences we create for our stakeholders.
is built on 4 values
Purposeful
We have a disciplined team with proven capabilities to develop and commercialize new treatment solutions for complex medical solutions.
Passionate
We have unwavering passion for bringing effective solutions to patients, persevering through obstacles and building momentum to help people, empower physicians, and generate returns for investors.
Resourceful
We use the highest caliber research and development processes to harness the power of tetracycline-based chemistry, innovating to develop new compounds for a multitude of indications.
Collaborative
We are advancing science, working together to develop new compounds, and partnering with others to bring high impact solutions to physicians and openly sharing our progress and perspectives.
Core Insight
Everybody has a story about their healthcare. Many are stories of healing – the kind of stories we work towards everyday. Yet some have unhappier endings, poor outcomes; whether it’s an unsuccessful treatment, a serious side effect or a life threatening complication, these might have been avoided. The smallest decisions tip the scales. With the right drugs, the right knowledge and the right people, we can transform those everyday decisions into everyday triumphs.
In the end, data isn’t remembered - stories are. Physicians want their patients to have the best stories possible.
Our Promise
To empower physicians with the tools they need to create better stories. We’re on a mission to help turn every day decisions into everyday triumphs for patients with diseases that are difficult to treat.
At Paratek, we pursue solutions that enable positive outcomes and lead to positive patient stories. Read what our employees have to say about working to keep this promise.
See what others have to say about working at >>
Our Staff
Paratek's team is made up of a variety of backgrounds within the pharmaceutical industry. The statistics below show the number of combined years of experience just within the Management and Executive teams.
253
Combined years working in the pharmaceutical industry
75
Late Stage (Phase 3 and beyond) programs worked on combined
47
Number of NDAs / MAAs worked on combined
51
Number of product launches worked on combined
52
Number of private / public companies worked for combined
Learn more about the 
Executive Team
, 
Management Team
, 
Board of Directors
, and 
Founders
 that make up the family and 
their experiences
.
Talk with the Team
Send us an inquiry by submitting a form directly on the site or give us a call.
Contact Us
Headquarters
75 Park Plaza
4th Floor
Boston, 02116
Philadelphia Office
1000 First Avenue
Suite 200
King of Prussia, 19406
Quick Links
Follow Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
You are now leaving the Corporate Website
Understand
Cancel