Paradigm Development Group is your complete prototype development studio from concept through production. We support individual aspects or will manage your entire program while offering the highest standards and the quickest turnaround time available. As an experienced service bureau we have developed a wide array of products and have worked with all kind of teams.
Our clients are large corporations, small companies, and independent entrepreneurs spanning many industries. In servicing such a broad range, we bring together a deep pool of varied disciplines, experience and skill to offer an extremely well rounded and diversified source for your prototype development needs. With state of the art equipment and processes, you can be assured of the finest in-house quality and expertise on your project. Since 1998, we have been dedicated to providing the highest standards and most dependable services available anywhere. Through quality service, hard work, and heavy reinvestment, our growth and accomplishments have mirrored the enthusiasm for the work we do.
Paradigm Development Group, is a full service prototyping & development studio. Paradigm is located in the Chicago suburb of Elk Grove Village minutes from O'Hare airport. As a full service rapid prototyping provider our dedicated & experienced staff of designers, model makers, & technicians offer value-added solutions every step of the way. We’ll bring your design into reality.
Paradigm Development offers a wide range of industrial rapid prototyping and protoype develop services including:
Objet 3printing - Polyjet Models
Stereolithography (SLA) models
Manufacturing consultation
Production management
Medical Prototyping
Invention & Design
& Shielding
Map Data Map data ©2018 Google
Map data ©2018 Google
SERVICESWe measure our success by your satisfaction, if you're happy, we're happy!
Our philosophy is to serve as an integral tool, easily implemented by you or your team of designers and engineers, to aid in the entire development process. When you come to us you get more than problem solving attention and turnkey prototyping service, we are dedicated to making your job easier and your products better.
When you need a quote or have questions on your project you will receive direct attention and prompt answers. Quotes are processed via proprietary software to ensure thoroughness and consistency in service and pricing as well as providing an expedient reply, we understand that timing can be everything.
PARTNERS
SERVICES