Corporate Overview
Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: PDFS) is the leading provider of yield improvement technologies and services for the manufacturing process life cycle. offers that are designed to enable clients to lower costs of design and manufacture, enhance time to market, and improve profitability by addressing design and manufacturing interactions from product design to initial process ramps to mature manufacturing operations. Solutions' Characterization Vehicle® (CV®) test chips provide the core modeling capabilities, and are used by more leading manufacturers than any other test chips in the industry. Exensio™, Solutions' industry leading yield management and fault detection and classification enterprise software platform, enhances yield improvement and production control activities at leading fabs around the world. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., operates worldwide with additional offices in China, Europe, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. For the company's latest news and information, visit http://www.pdf.com/ .
Investor PresentationsCorporate Overview
Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: PDFS) is the leading provider of yield improvement technologies and services for the manufacturing process life cycle. offers that are designed to enable clients to lower costs of design and manufacture, enhance time to market, and improve profitability by addressing design and manufacturing interactions from product design to initial process ramps to mature manufacturing operations. Solutions' Characterization Vehicle® (CV®) test chips provide the core modeling capabilities, and are used by more leading manufacturers than any other test chips in the industry. Exensio™, Solutions' industry leading yield management and fault detection and classification enterprise software platform, enhances yield improvement and production control activities at leading fabs around the world. Headquartered in San Jose, Calif., operates worldwide with additional offices in China, Europe, Japan, Korea and Taiwan. For the company's latest news and information, visit http://www.pdf.com/ .
Investor Presentations