Meeting the needs of our customers is at the core of the nVent mission. For over 50 years, we have recognized that innovation and customer satisfaction are the keys to our success.
That is why we place a heavy emphasis on knowing our customers and anticipating the needs of the marketplace. With over 300 patents to our name, you could say we are very committed to this end. We know that by investing in research and development, we can help our customers stay ahead of the curve and at the top of their respective industries.
As a full service designer and integrator of optimized heat systems, nVent is a unique company. We work directly with our customers to understand their challenges and needs in order to design and construct heat trace systems which ensure success. By pairing the industry leading technologies of product brands such as nVent and nVent with our nVent brand of services, we can deliver the highest quality electric heat tracing systems found anywhere.
We also offer quality products and service solutions for floor heating, fire and performance wiring, leak detection, sensing, and snow melting & de-icing for industrial, commercial and residential applications.
But nVent is more than products and services. Our employees are among the most dedicated in the world and our dedication doesn’t stop with customer service. We are committed to making a difference not only for our customers and in our industries, but in the world. Whether working to design more energy-efficient products and solutions that lessen impact on the environment or giving back to the community by participating in charitable events, the people of nVent strive to make a positive difference.
Connection and Protection
Ask a question
Need help finding a product or full solution for your home, business or customer?
Send us a note or give us a call.
your message
Call Us
- New Opportunity to Spark Innovation
Your trusted brands RAYCHEM, TRACER, NUHEAT, and TraceTek are now part of nVent Management.
The new company website is in development and will be launched in January 2019. Until then, we are happy to serve your information needs through our current website.
For more information on nVent: