Get to know us
Who We Are We were built to build a smarter city.
Petra Systems delivers remotely managed networks for Smart City infrastructure, leveraging core expertise in power electronics, controls and communications. With over 250,000 installed systems worldwide, Petra combines technology innovation and competitive financing to help municipalities, utilities and transportation authorities transform streetlights into valuable and forward-looking assets.
Our Leadership
Smart technology demands even smarter leadership. Our executive team represents some of the great minds in business and technology.
Steve Rhoades Chief Executive Officer
Marcelo Figueira Chief Operating Officer,
Executive Vice President
Executive Vice President of R&and Product Management
Michael Levi Vice President of Marketing and Business Development
Michael Feeley Vice President of
Caribbean Sales
Join our team.
If you want to do well while doing good, Petra is always looking for smart, creative problem solvers who are passionate about using technology to enhance people’s lives.
Five Reasons to Join Us
You possess a combination of strong technical knowledge and business acumen.
You are passionate about smart energy-efficient solutions and developing the technologies that enable the next generation of intelligent, highly efficient cities and businesses.
You are looking to be a part of a proven technology innovator in a rapidly growing market
You thrive in a start-up environment that will both challenge and reward you.
You are passionate about your work.
Current Job Openings
The primary responsibility of the Director of Managed Services is to leverage the resources available to her/him to manage the external and internal customers' requirements surrounding Petra's Smart City solutions and services. Petra's is responsible for maintaining operation of over 200,000 devices distributed around the world.
Other duties include the management of the NOC, IT, DevOps, and Field Support operational staff, collaborate with project managers, engineers, and analytical staff on the deployment of new projects and being responsible for the post sale client facing activities such as monthly reviews, quarterly business reviews, and performance escalations.  Additionally, this position is responsible for the NOCs operational excellence, Service Level Agreements (SLA's) and Operational Level Agreements (OLA's), and customer satisfaction.
We are looking for an Embedded Systems Engineer to design and develop embedded software and firmware for our Smart City solution.  This position will be a key contributor in helping to bring to market high-quality and innovative embedded systems that will be an integral part of the Petra Systems Smart City Solution.
Any candidate for this position must be knowledgeable in all aspects of embedded systems and have a proven track record of bringing products all the way from conception to manufacturing.  This role will entail working with a wide-range of technologies including firmware for microcontroller based designs, Linux kernel and device driver development, wireless networking, and host applications in multiple programming languages.
If you already have an application in progress you can retrieve and edit it by clicking here
Steve Rhoades CEO
Steve Rhoades is the of Petra Systems, a leading global technology provider for the renewable energy, energy efficiency, and distributed power generation markets.
Prior to joining Petra, Mr. Rhoades was of Satcon Technology. From 2008 through 2011, Mr. Rhoades led Satcon's strategy to focus on the utility-scale solar market. During this period, he divest- ed three non-core divisions, raised more than $95in debt and equity capital, grew annual revenue from $24in 2008 to $188in 2011, and led the company to #1 market share in North America and #2 global market share for commercial and utility-scale photovoltaic inverters.
Prior to Satcon, Mr. Rhoades was of Advanced Energy, where he led a significant turnaround of operations. Prior to AE, Mr. Rhoades held executive roles in corporate development, general manage- ment, marketing, engineering and operations at several leading semiconductor and semiconductor equipment companies, including Lam Research, Trikon, Applied Materials, Rockwell International and Hughes Aircraft.
Mr. Rhoades' education includes a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Science in Physics from the University of Illinois.
Marcelo Figueira Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice President
Marcelo Figueira serves as EVP/of Petra Systems. In this position, Mr. Figueira is responsible for the overall operation of the company including manufacturing, supply chain, project management, customer programs, and HR.
Prior to joining Petra Systems, Mr. Figueira served as the of Greenstar Managed Services Prior to Greenstar Managed Services, Mr. Figueira was the Interim and at Stirling Energy Systems, Inc., of Tessera Solar North America, Inc., and was responsible for leading the Engineering, Construction, Operation and Asset Management, Vice President, Asset Management of Inc., the Executive Vice President of Asset Management for Econergy and General Manager Joint Venture Operations for Global, the unregulated business unit of PSEG, New Jersey.
During his 25-year career, he has earned vast experience in the power industry, ranging from Electrical Engineering to Executive and Board positions at power companies around the globe. At Global, he spent 10 years as of in Argentina and General Manager of Global Investments in South America, India and Italy.
Mr. Figueira holds a in Electrical Engineering from Rosario University in Argentina and an from Texas A&University.
Dr. Juan José González Chief Technology Officer, Executive Vice President of R&and Product Management
Dr. Juan José González is Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of R&and Product Management at Petra Systems and is responsible for designing and delivering Petra Systems core technologies.
Prior to joining Petra Systems, Dr. González served as the Vice President of Engineering at Satcon Technology Corp. Prior to Satcon, Dr. González was the Director of Project Management for Hach Company, a subsidiary of Danaher Corporation. Dr. González also served at Advanced Energy Inc., where he was promoted into several positions of increasing responsibility including Engineering Business Director and Director of Worldwide Applications and Technology.
Dr. González holds a MSc. degree in Electrical Engineering and a Ph.in Plasma Physics from Colorado State University. Dr. González also received an degree from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Michael Levi Vice President of Marketing and Business Development
Michael Levi is the Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Petra Systems and has over 18 years experience launching advanced technologies and companies across the Renewable Energy, Smart City, Water Generation, EV, and Supply Chain Management industries.
Prior to joining Petra Systems, Mr. Levi founded L1CG, a consultancy specializing in marketing, sales and business development strategy and execution services. Prior to L1CG, Mr. Levi was the Vice President of Product Management, Applications Engineering and Worldwide Marketing for Satcon Technology Corporation. Prior to Satcon, Mr. Levi was the Director of Solution Strategy at i2 Technologies, a Global Supply Chain Software and Services Solutions Provider.
Mr. Levi received his Masters Degree in Business Administration from Pepperdine University and Bachelor of Arts Degrees in History and Anthropology from Lake Forest College.
Michael Feeley Vice President of Caribbean Sales
Michael Feeley is the Vice President of Caribbean Sales for Petra Systems and has over 29 years experience across next generation technology companies both in the regulated and deregulated market space.
Prior to joining Petra Systems, Mr. Feeley was the Sr. Director of Utility Sales for Satcon Technology Corporation, growing that segment of the business to over $53 million in annual revenue. Prior to Satcon, Mr. Feeley was the Sr. Director of Utility Sales at EnerNOC, a leading demand side management company, where he managed the commercial development of utility specific demand response programs and services. Prior to EnerNOC, Mr. Feeley has held management positions with Usource, Energy, Green Mountain Energy, Green Mountain Power, and Florida Power Corporation.
Mr. Feeley received his Bachelor of Science Degree in Economics from the University of South Florida.
Dr. Issa Batarseh Co-Founder, Board Member and Technical Consultant
Dr. Issa Batarseh serves as a technical consultant and board member of Petra Systems. As one of the co-founders, Dr. Batarseh helped launch the company in 2007 with patented technology from the University of Central Florida where he serves as professor of Electrical Engineering.  Prior to starting Petra Systems, Dr. Batarseh established the Florida Power Electronics Center and is currently serving as the Director of the Energy System Integration Division at the Florida Power Electronics Center (FSEC). His major research interest is solar energy conversion and smart-grid applications.
During his 25 years in the academic and industrial sectors, Dr. Batarseh has supervised 35 doctoral students, published more than 400 journal and conference papers and he holds 32 patents. He is a Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors (NAI), AAAS, and In April 2017, Dr. Batarseh was inducted to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame for his efforts in inventing and developing low cost, high efficiency micro-inverters for photovoltaic (PV) applications that led to the first commercialization of compact single panel from academia. The technology developed by Dr. Batarseh and his team at has made significant contributions to smart solar energy conversion.