About is a licensed retail electricity provider to customers for their homes and small businesses. has a talented team of industry experts behind it to create powerful electricity solutions for customers.
With more than 25 years of industry experience, it is our goal to use our management and technical expertise to provide unbeatable electricity savings and solutions. We believe that our customers can benefit from our electricity services. Let us show you why we are the premier electricity choice for Texas. should be simple and we're doing our part to make sure it is simple for our customers.
President/CEO
Shaheen founded after building expertise in the industry. As the President and of Energy, Shaheen will create and implement strategy to ensure the versatility and adaptability of the company. He will also impart his knowledge of the competitive landscape to promote the best opportunities for customer satisfaction and value positioning.
Before joining Energy, Shaheen had founded and led multiple companies gaining a strong business acumen in numerous industries. His industry background includes the industry, international logistics, renewable and environmental services.
Shaheen has developed a keen entrepreneurial sense along with his experience in investing and energy. This experience makes him acutely aware of the risks and benefits of the industry to make choice competitive for Energy.
Ahmed Malik
Vice President/COO
Ahmed is the Chief Operations Officer for Energy. Ahmed has more than 15 years of experience in the retail electricity industry as an executive. In his role as COO, Ahmed will oversee the operations and efficiency of programs for Energy. He will use his skills and expertise to adjust company operations to promote success of procedures and policies. Ahmed will ensure Energy’s practices create convenient user experience while generating competitive value for customers.
Before joining Energy, Ahmed acted as the & Commodity Consultant for Whitewater Financials and a Director at Tara Energy. His industry background includes natural gas and electricity, commodity trend analysis, A/R, and customer service.
Ahmed has accumulated an array of industry knowledge and experience for the commodities market. Acting in diverse fundamental roles throughout his tenure he brings a holistic skillset to the team.
Welcome
We are a licensed retail electricity provider to customers for their homes and small businesses. At we have a mission to provide customers with great electricity savings. We believe that deregulation gives customers the power to choose a retail provider with options – and we definitely have those.
should be simple and we’re doing our part to make sure it is simple for our customers. Enroll with one of our great competitive rates today!
Customer Power
TIPS
Use small electric pans, toaster ovens, or convection ovens for small meals as opposed to your large stove or oven.
| # 10219