until now.
The next breakthrough in innovation is here…
Our proprietary Glass Protected Li Metal Batteries feature a solid-state lithium anode laminate that doubles the energy density of current rechargeable batteries. Our advantage lies in the ability to integrate the novel anode into existing technology.
Introducing
Glass
Protected
Market Applications
The demand for smaller, lighter batteries is large and growing rapidly. Flight times for drones are limited by weight, robotic applications are negatively impacted by both the weight and size of the battery, and designers of consumer electronics have a difficult choice between runtime and device features imposed by the limited energy density of present day Li-ion cells. These limitations are addressed by the step-change technology of PolyPlus’ glass protected Li metal battery.is among the world leaders in the development of next-generation technology.
The invention of the by scientists allowed the to pioneer a number of ultra-high energy density chemistries that were previously considered to be impractical or impossible, including Li-Air, Li-Seawater, and aqueous Li-batteries. The invention of the solid-state lithium glass laminate represents an even larger step by enabling a new generation of rechargeable lithium batteries with twice the energy density of Li-ion batteries.
History
1991
is founded upon the invention of the lithium/organosulfur at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
2000
2011
develops the first water-activated lithium battery. Magazine names it a 50 Best Inventions of 2011.
2017
introduces glass protected Li metal batteries. major innovation in lithium anodes.
Founded upon the invention of a lithium/organosulfur at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, has been in continuous operation since 1991. PolyPlus’ early business model was focused on development and licensing. These roots yielded a culture that combines scientific creativity with disciplined execution, as well as a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio. Over the years, has been supported by a combination of funding from licensing, private investment, industry, and government contracts from the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense.
invented and patented the protected lithium electrode (PLE™), a core technology that enables the use of ultra-light metallic lithium anodes in batteries. has used the concept to develop both primary and rechargeable batteries with lithium metal anodes. PolyPlus’ inventions include non-aqueous lithium/sulfur batteries, primary lithium-water, primary and rechargeable lithium-air, and rechargeable aqueous lithium-sulfur batteries.
currently has 18 employees (14 technical and 4 administrative/facilities). has a well-equipped R&facility in a 13,000 ft2 building in Berkeley, In 2013, installed a semi-automated pilot line to produce PLEs.
Management Team
Read Bio
Intellectual Property
PolyPlus’ extensive patent portfolio includes fundamental claims on the subject of protected lithium electrodes (PLEs). The PLE™ is a core element of the portfolio because it represents a major advancement in technology: the PLE™ enables the safe use of high energy density lithium metal anodes in batteries.
PolyPlus’ portfolio also covers key aspects of various liquid and solid electrolytes, and advanced chemistries including Lithium Air, Lithium Seawater, and Lithium Sulfur systems. In addition to discovery phase research, develops structures, seals and associated hardware necessary to maximize the performance of its unique chemistries. Currently, holds more than 200 issued patents and pending patent applications.
Facilities
The facilities, located in Berkeley, CA, have state of the art equipment and capabilities for research and development, including:
Semi-automated pilot line for the fabrication of its PLEs.  This one of a kind multi-station pilot line was designed by engineers and built by a premiere lithium ion equipment manufacturer.
Dry room facility for lithium handling, electrode fabrication and assembly.  The dry room facility is interconnected to a network of state of the art argon filled gloveboxes.
State of the art electrochemical and cell testing equipment, including several 100-channel Maccor testers, as well as potentiostat/galvanostat systems with impedance spectroscopy channels for electrochemical analysis.
network of double and triple workstation gloveboxes operating at below 1 ppm moisture and 1 ppm oxygen levels.
Scanning electron microscope equipped with and optical microscopy, including a digital 3-surface profiling high magnification Keyence microscope.
Automated porosimetry apparatus that non-destructively measures pore-size distribution in materials and engineered structures over a very wide range of pore sizes (1 nanometer to 300 microns).
For more information