Our Values
Our History
PRG’s growth as a company has paralleled the development of modern technology in the live entertainment industry. Founded in 1982 by Jere Harris as Jeremiah Harris Associates, and later renamed Harris Services, the company was joined two years later by Scenic Technologies, founded to develop new scenic fabrication and automation techniques for the live entertainment market. Landmarks of those early years include the long-running musical The Phantom of the Opera (1988), which featured the debut of the patented Stage Command® motion control system, and (1995) at the Grand Hotel in Las Vegas, which was produced by Harris, and with a budget of $45 million, was one of the largest theatrical shows at the time.
Responding to growing customer requests for a one-stop solution, Group, L.L.C., (PRG) was established in 1995. increased its capabilities over the next several years through a number of strategic acquisitions, including lighting and audio companies such as Vanco and Cinema Services (1996); Bash (1997); along with Arts Lighting and Promix (1998). The acquisitions of Light & Sound Design (1998) and VLPS® Lighting Services (2004) brought the teams responsible for many of the pioneering innovations in our industry, setting the stage for a series of industry-leading proprietary products that continue to set apart today.
In 2009, took a giant step forward into the global marketplace with the acquisition of PROCON, an entertainment technology company headquartered in Germany with offices in Belgium, France, Switzerland, China, and South Africa. This move has solidified PRG’s position as the premier in the entertainment and event technology industry, with a unique global brand and a strong presence and customer base in major markets and geographic locations worldwide.
The 2011 acquisition of First Events BVBA, expanded PRG’s European presence into new territories, including the Netherlands and Spain, as well as significantly reinforced their existing activities in Belgium. major Europe-based entertainment technology company, First Event’s holdings included Productions in Belgium, Productions Holland in The Netherlands, and Sound and Light Productions in Spain. 
In 2014, expanded into the Middle East when it acquired Dubai-based Gearhouse, L.L.C., the largest provider of turnkey event services across the Gulf Region. 2015 kicked off with the acquisition of Chaos Visual Productions, which expanded the reach of Nocturne and their expertise with live video into more markets.
Today, continues to lead the industry with the comprehensive integration of entertainment technology as represented by our work on productions such as Broadway’s Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark (2011). For this groundbreaking production, provided the lighting, audio, video, and automation systems, as well as the construction of the massive scenery.  Spider-Man set a new standard for the total integration of technology, which we continue to apply to every project. In 2013, brought their technical expertise, especially in the area of scenic automation, when we collaborated closely with Global Creatures to bring King Kong to the stage in Australia. PRG, in 2014, partnered with Hero Ventures, when we brought our technical expertise to bear on The Marvel Experience, an unprecedented audience engagement that is a fully immersive experience that brings guests into Marvel's world of superheroes and villains. has a legacy and a future of bringing the impossible to reality.
Mission Statement
Our Mission Statement: To deliver world-class solutions for live entertainment and events.
is a leader in entertainment and event specializing in wide-ranging solutions that help bring the world’s greatest creative visions to life. From our early innovations in theatre, our expertise is now sought out the world over to solve the unique challenges for a broad range of markets including live music, corporate events, film & television, theatre and scenic installations.
As your partner, we always aim to provide you with personalized, one-on-one service—but each is also supported by an incredible behind-the-scenes network of highly skilled technicians, engineers, and innovators. Come to for a reliable production—every time.
Global Leadership Team
Jeremiah “Jere” Harris
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Jeremiah Harris is the Founder, Chairman and of Group, (PRG), a leader in entertainment and event solutions that helps bring the world’s greatest creative visions to life.
After founding Harris Services in 1982 and Scenic Technologies in 1984, Harris saw the potential for a comprehensive solution company. He redefined the business model of the live event and entertainment technology industry when he founded Group, (PRG) in 1995. Through strategic acquisitions Harris has guided the growth of to bring together lighting, audio, video, automation, scenic and labor solutions. Additionally, is known for its preeminent R&team which boasts 172 patents (and counting) and continues to contribute to PRG’s global industry leadership.
Named on more than 33 patents in 13 patent product families, Harris has never lost sight of the benefit of directly driving the industry by not only supplying but redefining ‘state-of-the-art’ by developing the next generation of technology solutions. In 2006, Harris was honored for his commitment and contributions to the industry when he was awarded the prestigious Parnelli Lifetime Achievement Award. This was a milestone of personal pride for him as he had begun working in a Broadway scenic shop at age 16.
Harris’ love of theatre is perhaps most evident in Harris Services, the first company he founded. Since its inception in 1982, the management company has been involved in over 600 major entertainment and event productions, including over 70 Broadway shows; numerous large-scale corporate events, special events, and automotive shows.
Harris himself has numerous producing credits including many Broadway productions. In 2017, “Dear Evan Hansen” was honored with nine nominations and six Tony Awards®, including Best New Musical. His of “Beautiful: The Carole King Musical” won two Tony Awards® along with its Tony nomination for the 2014 Best Musical and the 2014 Drama Desk Outstanding Musical Award. As a producer, Harris has also presented two of the most technically groundbreaking theatrical productions ever staged: “EFX”, starring Michael Crawford, which opened at the Las Vegas Grand Hotel in 1995, was a significant entertainment landmark that ran for nearly eight years, and again in 2010 with Broadway’s “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark”, the most technically complex ever mounted on a Broadway stage.
Stephan Paridaen
President & Chief Operating Officer, Stephan Paridaen heads and supervises the daily operations and strategy of the entire of companies. In addition, he is responsible for developing the markets and range of services in the fields of Corporate Events, Automotive and Global Sports & Special Events.
Prior to joining PRG, Mr. Paridaen worked at Barco, a leading provider of professional video systems. As President of its Media & Entertainment division, he was responsible for the digitization of cinema theaters and founded the display department, as well as significantly influencing the convergence of video and lighting technology
Mr. Paridaen holds a Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, a Master’s in Economics and an  He also successfully completed the Advanced Management Program (162) at the Harvard Business School.
Joseph Cirillo
Chief Financial Officer
Joseph Cirillo is Chief Financial Officer for (PRG). As CFO, Cirillo oversees all the company's financial affairs and works closely with Jere Harris and the other members of PRG's Senior Leadership Team directing the company's strategic growth and assisting in the Company's capital market transactions.
Prior to joining PRG, Cirillo was Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at Blyth, Inc., a multi-national consumer products company, where he was instrumental in the company’s growth and managed a variety of mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and IPOs. Previously he held the role of Vice President, Reporting & Planning at Blyth, Inc. 
graduate of Fordham University, Joe is a Certified Public Accountant and resides in New York where he has lived and worked throughout his career. Joe is based out of PRG’s New Windsor, office.
Scott Hansen
Chief Asset Officer
Since joining in May 1997, Scott has been involved in both financial and operational management of the company.
In his role as Chief of Asset Strategy, Scott is responsible for the global annual capital expenditure plan, PRG’s R&teams, and the development and implementation of asset strategy initiatives.
Scott received a in Accounting from the University at Albany in New York and is a Certified Public Accountant. He joined from the professional services firm Ernst & Young.
Nicole Scano-Schwiebert
Executive Vice President, CAO
Nicole joined in 1992 and has held many positions during her tenure, including Director of Administrative Operations, Vice President of Asset Management, and Vice President of Human Resources. In her role as Chief Administrative Officer, she works with the executive team to lead operations around the globe. In addition, she continues to be responsible for Human Resources..
Nicole holds a bachelor of science degree in Economics and Statistics from Rutgers University, and a Masters Certificate in Human Resources Management.
Robert Manners
Executive Vice President & General Counsel
As PRG’s Executive Vice President of Business Affairs and General Counsel, Bob oversees all of the company’s legal affairs and has had an active role in all of the company’s acquisitions and capital transactions.
Prior to joining in 1997, Bob served as a partner at the law firm of Pepe & Hazard in Hartford, Connecticut, and as an attorney at Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher in New York City.
Bob received his from Columbia University Law School, an in Taxation from New York University School of Law, and a from the University of Pennsylvania.
Darren DeVerna
Chief Executive Officer, Global Theatre
Darren DeVerna, of Global Theater for (PRG), is responsible for the company’s global theatrical division, which includes Broadway, the West End and touring theatrical productions.
Darren has over 40 years’ experience in the theatre and has been a member of Local 1 since he first worked as a stagehand in 1977 on Broadway. He is the fourth generation of DeVernas to work in the theatrical industry and prior to joining in 2001, he served as President of Four Star Lighting.
In recent years, DeVerna has been involved as a producer of numerous theatrical productions, both on Broadway and in London’s West End. These productions include, 2017 Tony Award® winning Dear Evan Hansen, Sunday In the Park with George, Escape to Margaritaville, SpongeBob the Musical, and Bandstand as well as the London productions of Rock of Ages and An American In Paris. He is also an investor in London’s Charing Cross Theatre as well as a number of Broadway shows.
Chief Executive Officer, Corporate Event Services
As of Corporate and Events for (PRG), Matthew Carson leads event and solutions services for tradeshow organizers and exhibitors, corporate events, conventions and special events. Carson joined in 2009 as an account executive specializing in creative agency sales and four years later was asked to lead the channel sales team that services PRG's agency customers. Carson was promoted to chief executive officer of the in 2018..
Carson brings a deep background in technical production, sales and operations to his role and has the experience to leverage PRG's entertainment technology product suite to evolve the events industry. Prior to joining PRG, Carson was director of operations and then president of The Group, an Emmy award-winning scenic design and fabrication company, specializing in the corporate meeting and broadcast markets. Before that, Carson was co-owner of Odyssey Creative, a company focused on meetings and digital media. Additionally, he has experience as a freelance technical director and producer for the corporate meeting market.
Carson studied theater at the University of Wisconsin, as well as at Florida State University where he received a Master of Fine Arts in Technical Production. After receiving his graduate degree, he spent two years teaching theater at The University of Central Florida in Orlando.
Tom Van Hemelryck
Central Europe & Vice President, Global Sports and Special Events
Tom is PRG’s Chief Executive Officer for Belgium, the Netherlands, France and Spain. In parallel, he is also Vice President Global Special Events and responsible for all business development and PRG’s strategic positioning in Sports and Special Events on a global scale, with all companies.
It is in 1994 that Tom began his career in the entertainment industry during his Bachelor studies Marketing in Belgium. 
In the last 20+ years he has been working in the industry in several positions both on local and european level, as well as on a global level for the Group.
Tom successfully finished a Global program in 2009 at Manchester Business School. program that in collaboration with the World Academy of Sports linked the to the Sports and Major/Special Events industry.
John Swain
Chief Executive Officer, APAC
As CEO, Asia Pacific and Australia, John is responsible for PRG's activities in Asia-Pacific, throughout the region including key locations in Japan, Shanghai and Australia.
John began his career in 1984 as a founding partner in a successful design and fabrication studio serving the film and television industry. He also worked in a variety of roles in regional and North American touring theater productions. In the 1990's, John worked for NBC's Studio 8as an electrics stagehand for Saturday Night Live and managed shop operations for a New York-based visual merchandising studio focused on retail, corporate events and themed environments.
John joined PRG's Scenic Technologies division in 1998 where he was responsible for a number of major projects including the construction of the Kyoto, Umi and Jiyuu theaters in Japan; The Rose Theater and The Allen Room for Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York; and Korea's first-ever musical theater, the Charlotte Theater in Seoul.  John also led teams responsible for scenic and motion control elements for a number of live productions internationally, including Aladdin and Steps in Time for Disney and The Phantom of the Opera and Cats for Shiki Theatre Company in Japan, as well as projects in Barcelona, Seoul, Berlin and many other cities worldwide.
Our Values
Passion for Results: Enthusiasm for the outcome of our actions...
We make things happen, for our customers, our audiences and ourselves.
Intrepid: Resolutely fearless; dauntless ...
We embrace challenge and complexity with a sense of adventure and enthusiasm.
Accountability: The obligation to be responsible for something …
We act with integrity, and take personal responsibility for our actions and results, expecting others to do the same.
Commitment: Pledge or promise …
We are personally committed to the success of our clients, our teammates and the company, and don’t stop until you say, “WOW!”
Teamwork: Coordinated effort on the part of a of persons acting together as a team, in the interests of a common cause or goal …
We will work together to exceed expectations through competence, collaboration, creativity, and communication.