Helpdesk ticket submitted! We will be in touch soon.
Sending... Please wait.
*This is not a valid name. *This field is required.
*This is not a valid name. *This field is required.
*This is not a valid email address. *This field is required.
*This is not a valid phone number. *This field is required.
Message
Ph: 866-799-1600  |  Fx: 708-588-1377
Contact form submitted! We will be in touch soon.
Sending... Please wait.
*This is not a valid name. *This field is required.
*This is not a valid name. *This field is required.
*This is not a valid email address. *This field is required.
*This is not a valid phone number. *This field is required.
Message
and all Managed Services
from a single provider
of your network infrastructure
Data
Reach far beyond the traditional 10/100 framework with the most robust solutions now available from “Ruckus Wireless” and “Procurve”.  24/7 Network Monitoring means maximum uptime for your customers and staff.
Voice
provides and legacy services specializing in lodging, multi-tenant and healthcare enviroments.  As a “Mitel Hospitality Partner”, we provide outstanding Mitel sales and service.
Video
Next generation video security with server-based Video Management System utilizing megapixel (HD) cameras on converged networks.  As a “Milestone Systems” authorized dealer, we provide superior solutions for our customers.
Enhanced Data Networks
Gigabit Ethernet Networks for Wireless and Wireline Applications
Our network solutions reach far beyond the traditional 10/100 framework to supply our clients with the most robust offerings now available from Procurve and Ruckus Wireless.
These all-gigabit networks have no internal bottlenecks and, our headend and gateway server solutions measure 95+% pass through from the bandwidth provider to the client networks.
These best-of-breed solutions deliver guest satifaction scores of over 90% for on a recurring basis. Please ask for references.
24/7 Guest Helpdesk Support
Our in-house tier 2 and tier 3 helpdesk support is available 24 hours a day and comes with an average answer period of less than 30 seconds. No lengthy waiting periods for your guest support and, being connected to an in house support specialist means no guessing about the configuration or particular components of your specific network. We get your guest logged on and provide continued check in support for the duration of their stay with you.  Satisfaction always sells more rooms.
Network Monitoring and Content Filtering
Our network monitoring and content filtering provisions allow us to provide the proactive support that has become well known for throughout the industry. No calls from your threatening to take down your bandwidth due to peer-to-peer music and video file sharing. provides email relay and spam filtering which prevents the from possibly blacklisting your property.  These are just a few of the tremendous value added features you receive when you bring your data needs to Redwood.
RSG.nets Custom Server and Portal Solutions
VOIP/Voice
full service Mitel partner since May 2002, we install and maintain the telecom assets of management companies, ownership and brands as a “Mitel Hospitality Partner” on a nationwide basis. provides intensive support for a multitude of from the original Mitel SX-200 through today's latest clustered, multi-site offerings.
Group has years of experience with sales and service of the following:
Mitel
TeleMatrix
Teledex
Cetis
Bittel
AES
Aastra
Polycom
Video Security
Video Security is a core competency as both a vendor and integrator.
Security for your property and for the well-being of your guest and employees is increasingly important.           has the ability to work for your property in several different ways to provide you with the most cost efficient solution while maintaining the goals for system renovation/replacement.
We provide the following:
Custom Video Server solutions both for storage and viewing capabilities
Best of Breed video software applications allowing for facial recognition, license plate capture, or general monitoring of key inside and outside locations.
Camera solutions by system design experts that match security needs with camera performance
Low voltage infrastructure with emphasis on modern standards
You call, we answer...
Group is on call 24/7/365 for your critical maintenance and repair.  Fast moving projects with minimal leadtime?  No problem, we specialize in fast turnaround for last minute projects.
Hospitality Solutions
Case Study
Although on a larger scale, The Allerton Hotel Chicago is a typical example of how can benefit an ownership group by supplying Voice, HSIA, and These three critical technology functions are all supplied by a single vendor who has direct responsibility and answers for all 3 when called 24x7x365.  The property loves the streamlined vendor quotient, the outstanding service and the cost savings of having a single vendor solution.
Corporate properties
We work with Corporately owned and managed properties and our biggest achievements are often when existing properties have been under the management of a “national provider”. As we walk in the door we see Band-Aids hanging everywhere. If you need a nationwide vendor who  does competently deliver successful technology solutions look to us.
Boutique properties
Our start with many of our clients was as a result of the growth of the Boutique Hotel Industry. From the Chicago by Ian Schrager to the WhiteHall Hotel Chicago we definitely have the solid experience to work with you on your independent hotel project.
Resort properties
Our resort clients love our multiple core competencies because many of them are somewhat remote and a single vendor who can refresh and manage both voice, data and video is a big time plus for them. they get back to guest and managing a resort and we love helping clients achieve their goals.
Group; a single vendor solution
Customers appreciate the value and convenience of having a single vendor such as Group to manage critical Voice, and across all properties and markets.  Such a broad range of competencies is rarely found.
Future Proof Your Property
We all now know after years of trying to make the smartest investments and most well thought out strategies that it is just not possible to future proof a property.
However, it is possible with a proven winner like to secure an solutions provider that gives you as good a shot as any out there.  Our sheer strength from years of experience in technology applications suitable for lodging institutions of all types make us a sure footed partner in times of technology’s rapid moves forward. We’ve seen it all from the single computer kiosk that will do it all to the single Cat5 totally converged network back to multiple non converged networks.
Ph: 866-799-1600  |  Fx: 708-588-1377