is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of late-stage medicines in the iron deficiency, nephrology and cardio-renal therapeutic areas. We are committed to delivering innovative therapies that will change treatment paradigms and improve patients’ lives.
has a rich legacy in polymer technology and is headquartered in Redwood City, Calif. was founded in 2007 and, in September 2016, became a Vifor Pharma Group company. Today, we have nearly 400 employees united by a passion for improving patients’ lives.
Learn more about Vifor Pharma here .
Community Partnerships
Part of our work at involves supporting the communities who benefit from our medicines. We support a variety of organizations including the American Association of Kidney Patients (AAKP), the American Kidney Fund (AKF) and the National Kidney Foundation (NKF).
Leaving the website
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .1994
Symyx Technologies was founded to discover new materials for the chemical, electronics and life science industries
Symyx put its screening technology to use for pharmaceutical research. With its proprietary technology, Symyx was able to generate hundreds to thousands of unique materials at a time and screen them rapidly and automatically for desired properties. In addition to producing catalysts for the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, chemicals and plastics, it created polymers that could be used as medicines.
2003
Symyx Technologies spun out its proprietary polymer drug discovery and development platform into a separate privately-held company called Ilypsa
Ilypsa was focused on developing non-absorbed polymer medicines for kidney disease. Its lead investigational medicine was for hyperphosphatemia, or abnormally high levels of phosphate in the blood, which is common in people receiving kidney dialysis for chronic kidney disease (CKD). 
2007
Amgen focused on developing the lead investigational polymer medicine for hyperphosphatemia. Astellas, which had licensed rights to the medicine, currently markets it in Japan.
2007
became a Vifor Pharma company 
Today, is focused on the development and commercialization of late-stage medicines in the iron deficiency, nephrology and cardio-renal therapeutic areas. We are committed to delivering innovative therapies that will change treatment paradigms and improve patients’ lives.
All product names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners, which are in no way associated or affiliated with Relypsa, Inc.
Leaving the website
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .  E
We strive to help patients around the world with severe and chronic diseases lead better, healthier lives.
S
Entrepreneurship
We are agile, resourceful and open to new ideas to do things better.
We are focused on our customer’s needs and act decisively - even if we do not have all the answers - to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us.
We accept that by being fast we can fail along the way, but we learn the right lessons from these experiences and apply them in the future.
We deliver on our promises and take accountability for our actions.
We delegate appropriately and empower our people to make sound and timely decisions.
Teamwork
We are humble and create a collaborative environment where all voices can be heard.
We communicate in an open and direct way and we ask for and listen to feedback without slowing down decision making.
We share best practices, resources and information and remove unnecessary complexities.
We have fun at work and want a safe and positive atmosphere in all our locations.
We recognize people for doing what is best for Vifor Pharma and our patients.
Respect
We create an atmosphere of trust and assume positive intent.
We always respect other people and opinions.
We value diversity in people and the strength a diverse team creates.
We put the patient is in the center of our mind. We aim to change patients’ lives.
We demonstrate a commitment to integrity and ethics.
Leaving the website
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .