skip to Main Content
Home
About
Careers
Projects
Contact Us
(985) 252-3400
search
Search
Open Mobile Menu
Mechanical Services 
Shop Fabrication Services
Turnaround Services
Maintenance Services
Facility Expansions and Revamps
Civil Construction 
Heavy Construction
Site Preparation
Electrical & Instrumentation 
Electrical Services
Instrumentation
Safety Record
Request a Quote
Search
Search
Submit
We’re hiring qualified Electrical & Instrumentation (E&I) supervisors, coordinators, electricians and instrument techs who are willing to work using the best safety practices available to the industry. offers excellent pay and benefits!
Click here to apply!
Our Mission at Contractors, LLC, is to continually provide value-added construction services to our customers by creating a successful partnership with them throughout the construction process.  


Our Mission at Contractors, LLC, is to continually provide value-added construction services to our customers by creating a successful partnership with them throughout the construction process. 
Contact Us
QUALITY
At Contractors, our commitment to quality is the cornerstone of our success. Quality gives our company…
Learn More
& WORKS
Contractors, was established in 2002, with a focus on providing services in the areas of General Contracting, Instrumentation & Electrical…
Learn More
INDUSTRIAL
Contractors specializes in instrumentation and electrical throughout the Gulf Southeastern United States. Our personnel have the ability to provide…
Learn More
PROJECTS
Industries
Urea 3 Mitigation
Praxair
Unit #6 Control Systems Upgrade
Honeywell
1234yf Purification Debottleneck Project
PROJECTS
ORGANIZATIONS
At Contractors, safety is not just a goal, it’s our first priority. Our culture of safety comes from a conviction that has defined our entire way of doing business.
Our Safety Record
Contractors 2019
 - All Rights Reserved | Powered by 
Bizzuka
Home
Mechanical Services
Civil Construction
Electrical & Instrumentation
Back To Top
×The Mission
Our mission at Contractors, is to provide value-added construction services to our customers by creating a successful partnership throughout the construction process. We strive to develop and maintain long-term relationships with our Clients by delivering safe & quality services that save the clients time and money. Contractors provides a variety of services including: Civil, Deep Foundations, Electrical & Instrumentation, Heavy Construction, Mechanical Installation, Shop Fabrication and Structural Steel. At RES, we are committed to meeting and exceeding our customers’ expectations.
Our History and Core Values
Contractors, was established in 2002 and is strategically located in the heart of South Louisiana’s industrial corridor. has successfully performed a wide range of small and large projects for clients in the industrial, federal, state and government sectors. Our teams work in refineries, petrochemical plants, gas plants, chemical plants and other production facilities throughout the Gulf Coast Region.
At RES, excellence is achieved by adhering to our core values:
Safety
Quality
Commitment to quality is the cornerstone of our success at RES.
Initiative
prides itself in elevating the client’s experience and improving client satisfaction. This is achieved by taking a proactive approach to customer feedback.
Communication
At RES, we promote open communication throughout our company which makes for the best organization. Innovation – At RES, we pride ourselves in formulating creative solutions to overcome obstacles.
is a proud member of the following organizations:
Greater Baton Rouge Industry Alliance
Louisiana Chemical Industry Alliance
Avetta – Formally Auditing
– American Concrete Institute
– American Petroleum Institute
– Louisiana Association of Business and Industry