An independent nonprofit dedicated to improving the human condition
International is an independent, nonprofit dedicated to improving the human condition. Clients rely on us to answer questions that demand an objective and multidisciplinary approach—one that integrates expertise across the social and laboratory sciences, engineering, and international development.
Combining scientific rigor and technical proficiency, we deliver reliable data, thorough analysis, innovative methods, novel technologies, and sustainable programs that help clients inform public policy and ground practice in evidence. We scale our approach to fit the demands of each project, delivering the power of a global leader and the passion of a local partner.
We believe in the promise of science, and we push ourselves every day to deliver on that promise for the good of people, communities, and businesses around the world.
Our experts hold degrees in more than 250 scientific, technical, and professional disciplines across the social and laboratory sciences, engineering, and international development fields. Our staff of more than 5,000 works in more than 75 countries—tackling hundreds of projects  each year to address complex social and scientific challenges on behalf of governments, businesses, foundations, universities, and other clients and partners. And our separate business operations— Health Solutions , Syntegrity , and attego —serve commercial clients across a wide range of industries around the world
We maintain offices on four continents , with our headquarters in Park, North Carolina, reflecting our roots in the area’s distinguished universities. Founded in 1958 with support from North Carolina government, education, and business leaders, we maintain close ties with North Carolina State University, Duke University, North Carolina Central University, and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Our dedication to innovative, objective and technical services makes an outstanding partner for clients around the world whose greatest challenges demand rigorous approaches and science-based solutions. It also makes a great working environment for people who share our mission to improve the human condition. 
Test
Facts and figures about our worldwide presence, financial strength, diverse global workforce, and scientific stature.
Watch: Delivering the Promise of Science for Global Good
Learn More
Partner With Us: