What We Do
In today’s world, digital performance defines business success. But performance in the digital age is about more than speed. That’s why provides a fully unified and integrated platform that eliminates tradeoffs and helps customers rethink possible. We help enhance digital performance across every aspect of a customer’s business—whether that’s gaining insight into new customers and industries, improving time to market, increasing productivity, or simply delivering fast, secure digital experiences today’s users demand.
The Digital Performance Platform helps transform the way customers run the powerful network- and cloud-based apps that connect people, businesses, and experiences in our digital world.
Rubber meets the road with end-to-end application visibility
gives Michelin end-to-end application and network visibility. With SteelCentral solutions, Michelin can now quickly resolve all types of faults to reduce risk of disruption to the business. As a result, the company has reduced application rollout time by 30% and better targets spending for improved return on investment.
Jean-Noël Simonnet, Chief Infrastructure Architect, Michelin
Accelerating contract process for better customer experience
Hilton Grand Vacations Club owns and operates over 3,700 timeshare vacation ownership resorts for more than 100,000 members globally. With branch offices around the world sending large amounts of data to headquarters in Orlando, the company turned to to improve application performance, and efficiently manage and troubleshoot network and application performance from a central location.
Rich Jackson, Sr. Director of Technical Operations, Hilton Grand Vacations
Reducing time spent on application performance troubleshooting by 90%
National Instruments’ public-facing website, ni.com, gets three-quarters of a million page requests daily. The web systems team used to spend thousands of hours annually troubleshooting issues caused by newly released apps. National Instruments now relies on for end-to-end application visibility, which has reduced application troubleshooting time by 90%. helped make this business-critical website more stable for a better customer experience.
Eric McCraw, Global Web Systems Manager, National Instruments
Ensuring peak performance of business critical applications
is a global leader in power and automation technologies, with about 30,000 people in North America alone. When key applications don’t work it can cost the company as much as $1 million per day. uses to track key web-application performance metrics, analyze web-application behavior, and detect problems early.
Michael Kerkau, Network Infrastructure and Operations Manager, ABB
Clear visibility into all the colors of the network
Crayola was founded in 1885 when cousins Edwin Binney and Harold Smith took over Edwin’s father’s pigment business. Today, Crayola employs 1,200 people and sells crayons and related products in 80+ countries. The company’s networks are critical for running its global operations.  “Network (and application) performance directly affects employee productivity,” says Oren Woodruff, LAN/Integrator for Crayola. “When someone complains that the network is slow, we need answers right away. There are too many network components involved to manually diagnose problems, and too often the problems went away before we could figure out what was happening, and couldn’t be re-created.”
Oren Woodruff, LAN/Integrator, Crayola
Fast, reliable Internet access to cloud apps
Schneider Electric is a global specialist in energy management, with networks connecting 110,000 people and 1,000 remote sites in 100 countries with four data centers.
Lionel Marie, Network Architect, Schneider Electric
Provisioning branch offices 4x faster
Tecan, a leader in advanced automation and detection solutions for life science laboratories, has 1,200 employees at its Swiss HQ, R&and production sites in North America and Europe, and a 52-country sales-and-service network. sprawl of remote servers, storage, and apps has expanded across these sites with little standardization and data security.  “We wanted a single point solution rather than the cumbersome and complex multi-point situation we had been using,” says Marc Ehinger, Tecan’s Head of Global Infrastructure. “We were looking for much more flexibility and to centralize as much as possible in our data center in Zurich. Our goal is for to be a fluid resource that we can flex and assign as we need.”
Marc Ehinger, Head of Global Infrastructure, Tecan
Fast apps for the world’s leading commercial real estate company
has more than 230 corporate offices and a global workforce of 58,000 providing services in 80 countries for a property portfolio of 3.4 billion square feet.  JLL’s network is going hybrid as the company moves apps and services to the cloud and replaces its network with dual high-speed Internet links at each office for more bandwidth at a better price. “Even with 100 mbps connections, without SteelHead, people would be screaming about poor application performance,” says Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, for  “Delivering business-critical apps over the Internet saves us millions without sacrificing performance. makes it possible,” says Edward Wagoner, Chief Information Officer, Americas, for JLL.
Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, JLL
Resolving app performance issues 50% faster
Allianz, with more than 148,000 employees in 70+ countries, is the 31st largest company in the world, offering insurance and other services to 83 million clients.  “Long page load times and slow application speeds affected our productivity,” says Neval Bircaner, Governance Supervisor for Allianz Turkey. “Whenever an application performance issue occurred, it was often difficult to pinpoint the root cause. It was hard to determine whether the application performance issues were due to the applications, the network, or our database. We were also interested in ensuring that our external partners were satisfied with our systems.”
Neval Bircaner, Governance Supervisor, Allianz
Saves $1 million/year on network costs
Carilion Clinic is a non-profit providing health care to nearly one million patients in southwest Virginia. Core apps centralized in Roanoke support radiological services, electronic medical records, etc. To ensure the needed performance for patient care, Carilion had originally purchased OC3 network circuits. “An OC3 to one hospital was costing us $12,000 per month,” says Ed Eades, a Network Engineer. “When we put it down to a DS3, it costs about $4,000 per month and that’s just one site."  Carilion did a proof-of-concept with SteelHead, and are now seeing in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 times the throughput. replication that took nearly 24 hours now took less than four.
Mike Smith, Director, Carilion Clinic
Maximize Digital Performance To Drive Growth And The Human Experience
Maximize Digital Performance To Drive Growth And The Human Experience
Maximize Digital Performance To Drive Growth And The Human Experience
FRANCISCO'UP?
Join the fun and help us shape the future of how the New Net Works .
Undergoing An Infrastructure Makeover? Three Solutions To Anchor Your Refresh Strategy
2019
Events feed is down
Tel: 415.247.8800   |    Fax: 415.247.8801
By using this website you agree to our use of cookies. Read Riverbed's cookie policy
Please verify your email address
Please enter valid email addressSee the latest awards. Find more specific awards by filtering by the product you're interested in, language and year.
REFINE
recognized as leader in Network Performance Monitoring and Diagnostics (NPMD) Magic Quadrant
has been named the 2017 Fierce Telecom Innovation Award Winner for software-defined networking/network virtualization function (SDN/NFV).  was selected as a winner for its innovative, industry leading, software-defined (SD-WAN) and cloud networking product, SteelConnect.
TELEPHONY’s SD-Excellence Awards have been bestowed upon companies that demonstrate the innovation, vision, and execution to deliver software-based networking tools to support different and unique communities of interest.
Riverbed's SD-(software-defined wide area network) solution, SteelConnect, received a “Best in Show Award” - Grand Prize in the SDN/(software defined infrastructure/network function infrastructure) category - at Interop Tokyo 2017, highlighting the company's ground-breaking innovation in the rapidly emerging SD-market.
Enterprise-level businesses are turning to Riverbed’s Application Performance Platform to boost network efficiencies, increase productivity, and keep applications running. The company allows remote teams to stay reliably and securely connected through hybrid networks, which is why is our choice for optimization.
The award recognizes technologies that have built solutions that allow organizations to remain active and productive even under the most challenging conditions (data loss, natural or man-made disaster, service interruptions), minimizing lost business opportunities.
9/24/2015
Like F5, is the king of its particular hill – in this case, optimization. And although continues to try and branch (get it) out, in the wake of a 2014 go-private deal, the company’s core business remains optimization, for which it’s been recognized as a Gartner Magic Quadrant leader for eight straight years. The company “rebooted, reorganized and refocused,” Paul O’Farrell (and General Manager of the SteelHead and SteelFusion business unit) told Network World recently, and its diversification saw it showing off solutions – provided in part by its 2012 acquisition of Opnet Technologies – at this year’s VMworld conference.
9/1/2015
Global Services, a global business process outsourcing company and customer, won the “Special Awards” category at the CIO100 Awards. These awards honor the significant contributions of Indian CIOs in particular domains.
6/25/2015
Aternity Inc. is a Gold Winner in the 10th Annual 2015 Network Products Guide World Awards as the Customer Service Team of the Year. These industry and peer awards from Network Products Guide are the world’s premier information awards honoring achievements in every facet of the industry.
wins for Network Traffic Monitoring & Management in the NetworkWorld Asia Information Management Awards that recognizes Asia's leaders in Information Security, Storage and Data Management for the huge advances made in these fields over the last few years.
6/2/2015
honors 440 women whose channel expertise and vision are deserving of recognition. Executives at top the list for CRN's 2015 Women of the Channel.
3/17/2015
is proud to be recognized a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Optimization for seven consecutive years.
2/23/2015
Channel Chiefs, the really good ones, are crucial to the success of the tech industry, and often don't get the credit they deserve. Executives at top the list as CRN's 2015 Channel Chiefs.
1/1/2015
Aternity has been named to Top 20 Most Promising Citrix Solution Providers by Review for its End User monitoring tools that fulfill the needs of the Citrix landscape — both from a provider and consumer perspective. Aternity was selected from over a thousand entries by a distinguished panel comprising of CEOs, CIOs, CMOs, VCs, analysts and the Review editorial board.
9/18/2014
Aternity mfor App Developers is the Bronze Winner in the New Products or Services category of the Golden Bridge Awards. This is an annual industry and peer recognition program honoring the best companies in every major industry across the world. More than 40 judges from a broad spectrum of industry voices participated and voted to determine the award winners.
6/3/2014
was awarded the 2014 Network Management Vendor of the year.
1/15/2014
Servers and storage in remote and branch offices can be a challenge to back up and administer. Granite brings these resources back to the corporate data center while still providing 'like local' accessibility.
Granite has been selected as a finalist in the Storage magazine/SearchStorage.com 2013 Product of the Year
has been honored for a Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award, recognizing the 50 Best Places to Work in 2014.
10/23/2013
named one of the 10 most powerful firms in the world of network management.
For a third consecutive year, has achieved certification under the Power Certified Service and Support Program
9/17/2013
The 2013 American Business Awards, also known as The Stevies, has ranked Aternity for Mobile as a Finalist in the Best New Product or Service – Business-to-Business Products category.
5/16/2013
Frost & Sullivan hosted the 11th edition of its India Information & Communications (ICT) Awards banquet, held at the Le Meridien in New Delhi on May 16th, 2013.
1/1/2012
5/23/2011
Aternity has been recognized by Everything Channel in CRN’s new Virtualization 100 list. Featuring the top 100 vendors in the virtualization space as identified by the editorial staff of CRN, the list serves as the de facto resource by which VARs can begin to evaluate the best virtualization products for their business. Aternity was named to the Virtualization 100 list for its unique ability to pinpoint the contributing components of poor application performance from the Desktop Vantage Point for any transaction within any Windows application in physical and virtual desktop (VDI) environments.
6/1/2010
5/1/2010
9/1/2006
By using this website you agree to our use of cookies. Read Riverbed's cookie policy
Please verify your email address
Please enter valid email addressHow Maximizes Performance
Michelin rolls out apps 30% faster. Hilton Grand Vacations processes contracts in a minute that used to take 30. Northwest Pipe slashed $1 million off upgrade costs. Over 30,000 customers like these use solutions to improve business performance.
SteelConnect SD-lets OpenEye quickly expand its network while connecting team members to its cloud-based pharmaceutical design platform in minutes, compared to months required previously. SteelConnect also provides the scalability needed to expand Saaofferings.
OpenEye Scientific is a privately held company headquartered in Santa Fe, NM, with offices in Boston, Cologne, and Tokyo. It was founded in 1997 to develop large-scale molecular modeling applications and toolkits that are primarily used for pharmaceutical discovery and design, reducing time to market for new pharmaceuticals.
Craig Bruce , Scientific Software Developer, OpenEye
Rubber meets the road with end-to-end application visibility
gives Michelin end-to-end application and network visibility. With SteelCentral solutions, Michelin can now quickly resolve all types of faults to reduce risk of disruption to the business. As a result, the company has reduced application rollout time by 30% and better targets spending for improved return on investment.
Jean-Noël Simonnet, Chief Infrastructure Architect, Michelin
Accelerating contract process for better customer experience
Hilton Grand Vacations Club owns and operates over 3,700 timeshare vacation ownership resorts for more than 100,000 members globally. With branch offices around the world sending large amounts of data to headquarters in Orlando, the company turned to to improve application performance, and efficiently manage and troubleshoot network and application performance from a central location.
Rich Jackson, Sr. Director of Technical Operations, Hilton Grand Vacations
Ensuring peak performance of business critical applications
is a global leader in power and automation technologies, with about 30,000 people in North America alone. When key applications don’t work it can cost the company as much as $1 million per day. uses to track key web-application performance metrics, analyze web-application behavior, and detect problems early.
Michael Kerkau, Network Infrastructure and Operations Manager, ABB
Fast apps for the world’s leading commercial real estate company
has more than 230 corporate offices and a global workforce of 58,000 providing services in 80 countries for a property portfolio of 3.4 billion square feet.  JLL’s network is going hybrid as the company moves apps and services to the cloud and replaces its network with dual high-speed Internet links at each office for more bandwidth at a better price. “Even with 100 mbps connections, without SteelHead, people would be screaming about poor application performance,” says Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, for  “Delivering business-critical apps over the Internet saves us millions without sacrificing performance. makes it possible,” says Edward Wagoner, Chief Information Officer, Americas, for JLL.
Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, JLL
Fast, reliable Internet access to cloud apps
Schneider Electric is a global specialist in energy management, with networks connecting 110,000 people and 1,000 remote sites in 100 countries with four data centers.
Lionel Marie, Network Architect, Schneider Electric
Provisioning branch offices 4x faster
Tecan, a leader in advanced automation and detection solutions for life science laboratories, has 1,200 employees at its Swiss HQ, R&and production sites in North America and Europe, and a 52-country sales-and-service network. sprawl of remote servers, storage, and apps has expanded across these sites with little standardization and data security.  “We wanted a single point solution rather than the cumbersome and complex multi-point situation we had been using,” says Marc Ehinger, Tecan’s Head of Global Infrastructure. “We were looking for much more flexibility and to centralize as much as possible in our data center in Zurich. Our goal is for to be a fluid resource that we can flex and assign as we need.”
Marc Ehinger, Head of Global Infrastructure, Tecan
Saves $1 million/year on network costs
Carilion Clinic is a non-profit providing health care to nearly one million patients in southwest Virginia. Core apps centralized in Roanoke support radiological services, electronic medical records, etc. To ensure the needed performance for patient care, Carilion had originally purchased OC3 network circuits. “An OC3 to one hospital was costing us $12,000 per month,” says Ed Eades, a Network Engineer. “When we put it down to a DS3, it costs about $4,000 per month and that’s just one site."  Carilion did a proof-of-concept with SteelHead, and are now seeing in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 times the throughput. replication that took nearly 24 hours now took less than four.
Mike Smith, Director, Carilion Clinic
Reduces Office 365 traffic by 63%
CenterPoint Properties acquires, develops, and manages industrial property and transportation infrastructure, with a portfolio of 50.5 million sq.ft. and 5,500 acres. The company decided to transition its environment to the public cloud, starting with Microsoft Office 365 for email and office apps, Microsoft OneDrive for Business, and Microsoft Azure.  CenterPoint deployed SteelHead Saato accelerate the delivery of its cloud and Saaapplications and deliver superior application performance for customers.
Beverly Maestas, of Operations, CenterPoint Properties
Application Performance Platform accelerates Office 365 and other application performance and delivers network visibility for a successful consolidation at Sub-Zero
Sub-Zero Group, Inc. is the leading manufacturer of luxury appliances, including the Sub-Zero line of refrigerators and freezers and the Wolf line of cooking products. The third-generation, family-owned company recently celebrated its 70th anniversary. It is based in Madison, Wis. where it was originally founded.
Eric Niebuhr, supervisor and network engineer, Sub-Zero Group, Inc.
needed a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of 50 new sites.
When global professional services company merged with North American engineering consultancy Conestoga-Rovers and Associates (CRA), it added more than 3,000 employees in 100 offices, including 50 small sites. They needed a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of those new sites onto the company’s network. SteelConnect has helped achieve this, fueling stronger collaboration amongst its project teams spread across the globe, business agility and cost savings of an anticipated 1 million a year.
Elizabeth Harper, CIO, GHD
Application, network and end user performance monitoring sets a solid foundation for Maersk Line’s digitalization strategy
Maersk Line, part of the Maersk Group and the world’s largest container shipping operator, is using SteelCentral to monitor business-critical applications and services and provide the ability to troubleshoot performance bottlenecks across the company. The five-year contract with will support Maersk Line’s strategy to become the digital leader within the shipping sector.
Andy Laurence, Head of Production Services, Maersk Group
opportunities for customers
“We simply don’t have as close of a relationship with other vendors as we do with Riverbed,” says Gerry Holmes, Director of Information Technology, Canadian Cancer Society. “The Customer Network is a big part of the reason why we’ve been able to maintain that connection.”
The forum for users
Get connected with user communities for advice, ideas, tips, special information on upcoming products, and answers to your toughest technical questions.
Beta test the latest before it’s released
Be the first to try the hottest new technologies, and evaluate them in your environment.
Contact Tel: 415 247 8800 | Fax: 415 247 8801
By using this website you agree to our use of cookies. Read Riverbed's cookie policy
Please verify your email address
Please enter valid email address