to Contentsaria
to footer
Global
Global Site
RELATIONS
NEWS
RESPONSIBILITY
INNOVATION
& DRIVERS
Home
 About SiteMap
About Facts and figures about the Company
© Thorsten Milse / Courtesy Awards
Management Message 
The Way 
Corporate Vision 
Leadership Team 
At a Glance 
Global Network 
Corporate History 
& Sports 
Name
Founded
May 18, 1942
Head office
3-3-5 Owa, Suwa, Nagano
google map 
President
Minoru Usui
Paid-in capital
53,204 million yen
Number of employees
Group (Consolidated): 81,393, Parent Company: 12,825 (as of September 30, 2018)
Main businesses
Printing Solutions Business 
(Home printers, Business printers, Scanners, SIDM, Commercial printers, Industrial inkjet printing systems, Commercial compact printers, Office papermaking system)
Visual communications Business (Projectors, Smart Eyewear)
Wearable Products Business (Wearable products for sports and personal healthcare, Watches, Sensing systems)
Robotics Solutions Business (Robot systems, handlers)
Microdevices, Other Business (Crystal devices, Semiconductors, Powdered metals, Surface processing)
Revenue
1,102,116 million yen (fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Group companies
85 (Japan: 17, Overseas: 68) (as of September 30, 2018)
products and drivers
Corporate YouTube Channel
reports
Corporate Profile 2018 / 2019
 (9.3MB) 
Annual Report 2018
 (1.8MB) 
Integrated Report 2018
Sustainability Report 2018
Management Message
The Way
Corporate Vision
Leadership Team
At a Glance
Global Network
Corporate History
& Sports
RELATIONS
News
Calendar
Financial Results
Library
Shareholder Information
FAQ
NEWS
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
News Release Photos
RESPONSIBILITY
Message from Management
Epson's and SDGs
Sustainability Report
Customer Commitment
and the Environment
Our People
Organizational Governance
Supply Chain CSR
Corporate Citizenship
Communication
INNOVATION
Technology Vision
Technologies Supporting Innovation
Research & Development
Intellectual Property
Microdevices Supporting Innovation
Innovative Manufacturing Technology Supporting Vertical Integration
PaperLab
& DRIVERS
Printing Solutions
Visual Communications
Wearable Products & Industrial Solutions
Sensing System
Semiconductors
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Web Sites
Japanese
Copyright© 2018 Corporation. All rights reserved.Want to Genuinely Contribute to Society with the World's Most Advanced Technology
Minoru Usui, President
Technological aspirations are embedded in Epson's DNA
Since its founding, has always sought to create value where none previously existed by pursuing technological innovation.
We created the world's first compact, lightweight digital printer, the world's first quartz watch, and the world's first photo-quality inkjet printer, whose successors are a cornerstone of the of today. The technology behind these products did not exist before they were developed.
Each of these products was developed from the ground up by engineers who aspired to bring certain value to the world or to create products that would benefit people's lifestyles. Over the years, this approach has become deeply embedded in Epson's DNA.
We have found that we have greater insights and a clearer overall picture of the technologies that we worked so hard to develop and advance. And this, in turn, allows us to maximize the potential of these technologies.
Vertical Integration
Creating value that exceeds customer expectations
believe that Epson's strength derives from a vertically integrated business model, wherein we personally develop, manufacture, and sell products that are based on core technologies and core devices that we ourselves have developed and manufactured.
Many manufacturers procure the core devices for their products and outsource manufacturing to other companies. has chosen a different path because we believe that if we were to buy the same parts as our competitors and produce similar products, then we would never be able to achieve our goal of creating products that exceed customer expectations.
is researching and developing technologies and products that will surprise you
The idea underpinning Epson's strategies is to generate value that exceeds the vision of our customers by using a vertically integrated business model to leverage our unique core devices, which emerged from core technologies that we have developed for many years.
For a company like Epson, whose businesses revolve around its core technologies, research and development projects are crucial, but it is also extremely important to strategically use the intellectual property that emerges from the R&process. R&has to be conducted from both a near-term and a long-term perspective. The outcomes have to support our businesses of today and our businesses 10 or 20 years down the road.
Our ongoing R&efforts will yield products and technologies that are sure to bring you positive surprises.
Becoming an Indispensable Company
Committed to changing the world
We at aim to contribute to society and become an indispensable company by continuing to exploit our powerful original technologies to create one-of-a-kind products that others cannot replicate.
With a thorough knowledge of technology and unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities, we are committed to creating products that aim to change the world for the better and genuinely contribute to peoples' lives.
Toward that end, we want to be the ultimate developer and manufacturer with world-class technology that exceeds your vision.