has been known as a pioneer and leader among manufacturers. Today, many of the treating furnaces designed and manufactured throughout many decades are still in use throughout the world.
world of combustion solutions for over a century.
Company: An Industry Innovator Since 1896.
Recognized as one of the true pioneers in the industry, has a combustion heritage that is approaching 120 years. Passionate about combustion, began with gas lamps then expanded its innovations into a full offering of combustion components and eventually transitioned itself into a leader of processing furnaces. With this growth, built up its team of talent to invent and engineer many proprietary burners and other technologies, including our press and fired ceramics burners. Throughout its history and with its acquired brands, has gathered one of the richest collections of patents in the industry.
Today, is primarily an industrial burner manufacturer and continues serving the industrial thermal processing industry with a comprehensive range of innovative and reliable gas burners, combustion systems and thermal components to support many different types and brands of ovens, furnaces and thermal processing applications. Our proven approach to combustion blends rugged products with the best technologies to provide clean, safe, and efficient heat. All burners and combustion components are engineered to provide maximum fuel efficiency, dependable operation, and to help make your thermal process more profitable and successful. We also offer strong customer service and start-up assistance.
Our proven approach to combustion blends rugged products with the best technologies to provide clean, safe, and efficient Revitalized To Serve Today’s Thermal Processing Market Better
Selas, a worldwide manufacturer with facilities in the United States, Germany and Japan, was purchased in 2005 by Lionheart Industrial Group. Backed by strong financial resources, solid leadership and a continuing commitment to designing the very best burners and components, has been repositioned to deliver a comprehensive line of combustion products and excellent customer support.
Soon after acquiring Selas, the Lionheart team began searching for complementary technologies to provide a more well-rounded suite of products to offer its customers. The first acquisition was Pyronics, a well-respected manufacturer of pre-mix and nozzle-mix burners, combustion controls and accessories. In 2012 and 2013, the Red-Ray infrared line and the Ensign ribbon burner products were added to the growing family. And, in 2013, Webster Combustion, a leader in commercial boiler burners, was acquired.