About SEL
We look for research topics pertaining to forthcoming needs of society, find new principles by thorough research and development, and invent technologies that would solve problems (sowing). We concurrently obtain patents for those inventions to protect our intellectual property (cultivation), and receive recognition that our technology and inventions are indeed valuable, when our technology and inventions are used all over the world (fruition), thereby contributing to the industrial development and leading to our profits (harvest). The obtained profits are further invested into other R&fields to create new technologies (re-sowing).
This creation cycle which we are pursuing is an "agricultural" business model.
In contrast, a "hunting" business model is to purchase patents and sue a manufacturer for patent infringement in order to obtain high royalties, without manufacturing or researching. This model merely focuses on making profits and prevents active development and production as well as industrial growth.
With this “agricultural” business model, has been submitting patent applications all over the world, including the US, EU, and various other countries throughout Asia in addition to Japan, with the underlying hope of contributing to technological development.
About SELMain Building and Center
Main Building: 398 Hase, Atsugi-shi, Kanagawa, 243-0036, Japan   View the Map
Center: 260-25 Hase, Atsugi-shi, Kanagawa, 243-0036, Japan   View the Map
The following are the means of transportation from Odakyu Odawara Line “Aiko-Ishida” Sta. North Exit to our company.
●Bus: Take the Route 20 bus bound for Moridai Danchi at Bus Stand 2, and ride about 10 min.
   - To Main Building
   - To Center
●Taxi : about a 10 min. ride
●Walk : about a 30 min. walk
Public Transportation
Tochigi Office
Transportation Guide
■ By Train：
- Tobu Nikko Line or Ryomo Line: Tochigi Station, 15 min by taxi
- Tobu Nikko Line: Shin-Tochigi Station, 10 min by taxi
- Tobu Nikko Line: Kassemba Station, 15-min walk
- Tohoku Main Line or  Tohoku Shinkansen: Oyama Station, 50 min by taxi
■ By Car：
About SEL