Inc. is a Boston-based M2supply chain technology company providing advanced Saa(Solution as a Service) cloud-based asset tracking solutions that utilize sensor, cellular, and other wireless communication technologies.
MANAGEMENT
LEE, OFFICER
Brian is co-founder and of Senaya. Prior to Senaya, Brian was Executive Director at Seagate Technologies and headed the next generation technology and product development. Prior to that, he was the Managing Director at Cypress Semiconductor where he led and image sensor technology development. Brian began his career as Assistant Professor in the Physics Department at Stevens Institute of Technology. Brian holds over 300 fundamental research patents, has had his work featured in more than 100 publications, and is a frequent speaker at global technology conferences. Brian earned his Phin Physics from Stevens Institute of Technology.
DUBASH, OFFICER
Jamshed is co-founder and of Senaya. Jamshed has extensive experience in the wireless, semiconductor and supply chain industries. One of the most respected thought leaders in the IoT/M2world today, Jamshed is credited with leading one of the earliest and most comprehensive implementations in the industry as the Director of at Gillette and then Director of at Procter & Gamble. Besides making an impact in Fortune 500 organizations, Jamshed also built technology startups as of Business Development at Mojix and COO/Founder of Idealogix. Jamshed began his career with various engineering and management positions at Digital and Intel. Jamshed holds an from Northeastern University and a in Microelectronic Engineering from Rochester Institute of Technology.
PETTINELLA, OFFICER
Nick has over 25 years of experience working in financial management, financial reporting, and financial processes and controls. Nick began his career as a with Coopers & Lybrand (now PricewaterhouseCoopers), and has served as the for several public and private companies. Nick’s experience includes public equity, private debt and equity financings, IPOs, leveraged buyouts, and the purchase, sale, and divestiture of several companies. Nick has worked in the software and software services, fuel cell, wireless information systems, and telecommunications industries. Nick holds an from Babson College, a from Bentley University and has completed Corporate Financial Management programs at Stanford and Harvard Universities.
MEMBERS
ALVAREZ, CHAIRMAN
Tony is a semiconductor industry veteran with over 30 years of technical and management experience. He has served as President & of Leadis Technology, of the Memory Products Division and of R&at Cypress Semiconductor, and currently serves as of Aptina Imaging and as board member at Electronic Materials. In addition, Tony holds the position of Venture Partner at Acero Capital. Tony earned his and degrees in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology. As a member of IEEE, he served as Chairman of the 2000 Symposium on Technology. He is a member of the Georgia Institute of Technology Electrical Engineering Department’s Advisory Board, and serves on the Board of ChipTechnologies.
SARMA
Sanjay is Professor of Mechanical Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Director of MIT/Singapore University of Technology and Design Collaboration Office. As former Chairman of Research and co-founder of the Auto-Center at MIT, Sanjay headed the organization that took from the laboratory to the field and is globally recognized as the technology visionary credited with developing many standards and technologies that form the foundation of the commercial industry. He serves on the Board of Governors of EPCglobal and was invited to be a permanent guest of the management board of the parent organization GS1. In 2010, he was awarded the Journal Special Achievement Award. Sanjay earned a Ph.from University of California, Berkeley, an from Carnegie Mellon University and a B.Tech degree from the Indian Institute of Technology, at Kanpur.
NAM-PYO
Suh began his career at in 1970, where he was the Ralph & Eloise Cross Professor, Director of the Park Center for Complex Systems (formerly the Manufacturing Institute), and the Head of the Department of Mechanical Engineering for ten years. He was also the Founding Director of the Laboratory for Manufacturing and Productivity, the Founder and Director of the MIT-Industry Polymer Processing Program, Head of the Mechanics and Material Division of the Mechanical Engineering Department, and a member of the Engineering Council of In 1984, President Ronald Reagan appointed him to the National Science Foundation, where he was in charge of engineering. Suh was named president of in 2006, where he has he provided framework for two large-scale systems, On-Line Electric Vehicle (OLEV) and Mobile Harbor.
LEE
DUBASH
PARTNERS