The web page information you have requested is for healthcare professionals only. Please select to confirm you are a healthcare professional and proceed.
OK
Cancel
North America
Europe
Africa
North America
Europe
Africa
At Healthineers, our purpose is to enable healthcare providers to increase value by empowering them on their journey towards expanding precision medicine, transforming care delivery, and improving patient experience, all enabled by digitalizing healthcare.
An estimated five million patients globally everyday benefit from our innovative technologies and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise services.
We are a leading technology company with over 170 years of experience and 18,000 patents globally. With more than 48,000 dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries, we will continue to innovate and shape the future of healthcare.
Our portfolio
We are at the center of clinical decision making across the full healthcare spectrum
Our innovation history
We have a 120-year track record of industry firsts. View our Global History.
First industrially manufactured X-ray unit
Wilhelm Conrad Röntgen discovers X-rays in November 1895. Both our legacy companies & Halske and Reiniger, Gebbert & Schall recognize the potential of this new technology for the field of medicine and start producing the first industrially manufactured X-ray systems. The one pictured above is the Röntgeneinrichtung (X-ray unit) by & Halske from 1896.
1956
– first ever dry chemistry testing for glucose in urine
Our predecessor company Miles launches the first ever test strips called The new method proves to be simpler, more reliable, and faster than previous ways of testing for diabetes: results are available in 10 seconds. Soon the dip-and-read method becomes the preferred way for rapid testing and expands use to other conditions. Today, it is still the standard way to gain an overview when a patient presents with many symptoms.
With the help of their team, chemist Helen Murray and biochemist Alfred Free develop Their invention heavily impacts the further development of both laboratory diagnostics and point-of-care testing.
Image courtesy
1957
AutoAnalyzer – fully automated discrete chemistry analyzer for whole blood or serum
The AutoAnalyzer accomplishes in one night what took lab technicians days. It consists of mechanical appliances, dialysis and analysis devices  − and a key innovation: The blood samples flow through the system continuously because they are separated by air bubbles. Deemed the prototype of all large central lab analysis systems, the AutoAnalyzer remains one of the most used automatic lab systems throughout the 1980s.
When biochemist Leonard Tucker Skeggs watches colleagues analyze blood samples by hand, he wonders: Can this be faster? Skeggs develops the first AutoAnalyzer prototype working at night in his home workshop. He creates one of the largest milestones in lab automatization.
Image courtesies
1967
Vidoson – world’s first real-time ultrasound scanner
Having passed clinical tests in 1965/66, the world’s first real-time ultrasound imaging system comes to the market in 1967 under the name Vidoson. From this time on, ultrasound makes its way into hospitals and private practices as a diagnostic imaging method.
German engineer Richard Soldner (shown in the picture) and physicist Heinz Kresse begin developing this ultrasound system in the early 1960s.
1975
– our first scanner
1974, we exhibit our first tomographic image of a human head at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America in Chicago. year later, we introduce SIRETOM, our first computed tomography (CT) scanner for the brain. typical examination takes less than six minutes. The X-ray tube and a detector unit scan the skull from various directions, and an image of absorption distribution in the brain is generated in the computer.
In 1972, we set up a dedicated development department in Germany. Its founding fathers Friedrich Gudden, Gerhard Linke, Karlheinz Pauli, Benedikt Steinle, and Reiner Lieberuth develop the first scanner and grow the department steadily over the coming years.
1983
– first scanner
After years of R&work, we present MAGNETOM, our first commercial magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) system. That summer, the system is installed for the first time in the and Germany. With the aid of powerful magnetic fields, scanners produce high-quality cross-sectional images without exposing patients to radiation. The sectional images display tissues and organs more clearly than ever before.
From 1978 on, a team led by Alexander Ganssen (r.) and Arnulf Oppelt develops the scanner. The left picture shows Oppelt in front of the 0.1 Tesla prototype. The unit Tesla measures the magnetic field strength. Today, our MRIs in clinical use have of up to seven Tesla.
1986
Stable acridinium ester based chemiluminescence immunoassays
We invent the first stable acridinium ester based chemiluminescence molecule. Our acridinium ester is non-radioactive, stable, highly-sensitive. It is first used in commercial immunoassays in 1986. The acridinium ester molecule is very versatile, mainly because of its small size. Today, we hold about 40 patents on innovative acridinium ester molecules for advanced diagnostics of heart, liver, and thyroid disease.
1998
Our first track-based laboratory automation system ADVIA® Automation connects multiple laboratory analyzers in a single, consolidated, high-volume workstation. The fully automated system allows for multiple testing disciplines like clinical chemistry, immunoassay, hematology, hemostasis, coagulation and urinalysis and requires less sample tubes for analysis.
In 1997, the development team begins to apply the principle of CentraLink® Data Management System, which consolidates data from multiple analyzers, to sample management on track-based automation. The system is first installed in Regensburg, Germany in late 1998.
1999
syngo – first intuitive platform from Developed in 1999, the image processing software syngo facilitates examinations by providing a single user interface for a large number of imaging systems, like X-ray devices or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanners. The software is used in hospitals and practices to generate and post-process images. It integrates patient-specific physiological and imaging data into clinical workflows.
From 1994 onwards, a dedicated team works on the development of a completely new platform for imaging. Computer scientist Karlheinz Dorn is the chief architect of syngo.
2001
In our innovative hybrid system Biograph, we combine positron emission tomography (PET) with computed tomography (CT): scanner visualizes biological processes of life while an integrated system provides millimeter-precise anatomical images of tissues and organs. When they come together they reveal the complete picture: detailed anatomy and biological function at the molecular level.
Engineer Andres Sommer develops Biograph in collaboration with the team in Knoxville, TN, USA.
2005
Definition – world’s first Dual Source scanner
Two X-ray sources and detectors in one system: With twice the scanning power, we set new standards in image quality, scan speed, and spectral imaging. Dual Source technology enables the validation of coronary angiography with the potential to reduce the need to artificially lower the heart rate. Clinicians can now image the heart without motion artifacts at high heart rates or in cases of arrhythmia.
The “birth” of our Dual Source technology involves a team of dedicated physicists and engineers: Thomas Flohr, Herbert Bruder, Jürgen Simon, Stefan Schaller, Bernd Ohnesorge, and Bruno Dörrfuß, who is project lead for this system.
2006
Dimension Vista® 1500 system – first diagnostic analyzer integrating four technologies in one system
Our Dimension Vista® 1500 Intelligent Lab System launches as the industry's first ultra-integrated analyzer for high-volume clinical laboratories. Using four advanced detection technologies, the system provides laboratory personnel with the ability to efficiently perform a broad range of high-quality chemistry and immunochemistry tests on one analyzer.
2008
Artis zeego – robotic-assisted angiography system
We design Artis zeego to support surgical and interventional procedures. The flexible robotic stand allows for imaging in all surgical positions and brings faster workflows to the The unique robotic technology enables 3images for larger volumes to visualize large organs or long spines. Since 2008, minimally invasive treatments are on the rise and fixed C-arm systems like Artis zeego become more common in the Hybrid OR.
Typically, industry robots are separated by a fence to protect the operator. For the Artis zeego however, the robot had to work openly in a clinical environment. To master this challenging task, we closely work with Siemens’ robot-experienced Corporate Technology team.
2008
Ysio® – digital radiography, wireless flat panel detector
Our Ysio® can fully be customized; it’s a digital X-ray system for all clinical demands. highlight is the wireless detector, wi-Detectors convert X-rays to digital image information. At that time, they are usually firmly integrated in the examination table. Ysio’s wi-can be removed and placed directly underneath or next to the patient. Exposures that are difficult or impossible with an integrated detector can now be taken easily.
2009
syngo.via – multi-modality 3imaging network
With syngo.via, our imaging software for reading of clinical cases across different modalities, we place special focus on reading efficiency. When calling up a cardiac case, for example, the software automatically removes the blood pool and ribs, selects an appropriate cardiac phase, and displays the images in the correct layout. The physician can immediately start reading the case.
To develop syngo.via, we use our in-depth knowledge of disease-specific reading processes and AI-powered post processing algorithms. Our team built a technology that offers the broadest portfolio of clinical applications for routine and advanced reading and reporting.
2011
Biograph m– the world’s first integrated, simultaneous whole-body and PET
Our Biograph mis the first scanner to acquire and data at the same time. Doctors can now see the position of organs, their functioning, and metabolic processes in a single image. This enables more accurate diagnosis and can allow for the early detection of many diseases accompanied by changes in cell metabolism. The hybrid system is especially useful in cancer diagnosis and for examinations of the nervous system and heart.
Biograph mis developed as part of a community project by our units for molecular imaging in the and magnetic resonance in Germany. To bring this modality to market, we join forces with and research institutions around the world.
Image courtesy
2012
As the world’s first wireless ultrasound system, our Freestyle™ facilitates the use in interventional radiology, anesthesiology, critical care, cath lab, or emergency care. It helps expand ultrasound into new applications, such as improving ultrasound-guided target localization in therapeutic interventions and biopsies.
To transmit the acquired ultrasound data directly to the screen, our team develops a new radio transmission protocol that’s able to simultaneously transmit data equivalent to ten of the – at that time – latest generation (4G) smart phones.
2014
Force – “Free breathing” scanning with dual X-ray sources & detectors
Force allows access to state-of-the-art computed tomography (CT) to the most sensitive patient groups such as small children or people with renal failure. Its scan speed of up to 74 centimeters per second is so high that it supports free breathing CT.
With Force, the third generation of our dual source scanners, the 600 people strong development team set new standards in computed tomography. Force is currently being used in a number of leading university hospitals across the globe.
2014
teamplay – cloud-based network
teamplay connects institutions and their imaging devices. The cloud-based solution with its apps monitors quantities such as imaging throughput or dose levels, utilization of staff, rooms and resources of the whole department down to every device and procedure, showing our customers where workflows need adjustments. And it links them to other users and their data to offer comparable benchmarks and exchange of images and reports.
teamplay started as a prototype at 2014 and has been constantly growing since. Today, clinical institutions in more than 45 countries transform their big data into smart data with teamplay.
2015
Mammomat Inspiration edition – wide-angle image acquisition breast tomosynthesis
Mammography screening means examining healthy women, so low dose and high image quality are key. Our Mammomat Inspiration edition delivers on that. And it comes with a special technology: Its tomosynthesis algorithm reconstructs multiple 2images of the breast into an approximation of a 3image. With that, doctors can better diagnose tumors that are hidden by overlapping breast tissue than with standard 2digital mammography.
Thomas Mertelmeier (left) and his team develop both the (Progressive Reconstruction, Intelligently Minimizing Exposure) technology and tomosynthesis for our systems over years of research and in close collaboration with clinical partners.
2015
Multitom Rax – first Twin Robotic X-ray scanner for enhanced patient care and productivity
Our Multitom Rax enables the widest range of X-ray examinations with a single scanner in one room: 2radiography, fluoroscopy, angiography, interventions, and 3bone imaging. This is enabled by the two ceiling-mounted robotic arms, which ensure high-quality imaging. They automatically move around the patient, making examinations safer and more convenient; patient repositioning and transfers to other imaging rooms become obsolete.
2016
Liquid biopsy
liquid biopsy is the sampling and analysis of non-solid biological tissue, primarily blood. It is mainly used as a diagnostic and monitoring tool for diseases such as cancer, with the added benefit of being largely non-invasive. With NEOliquid1 we offer a minimally-invasive cancer diagnostics blood test that can help doctors provide a precise diagnosis to guide individualized therapy.
1 The product (here mentioned) is not available in the for any use.  NEOliquid is CE-Marked for sale in the Availability varies from country to country. Please contact New Oncology Gmbfor further details.
2017
The Atellica® Solution addresses common laboratory challenges like growing testing needs and space constraints. Atellica Solution integrates immunoassay and clinical chemistry analyzers and can be combined into more than 300 customizable configurations. With our bidirectional magnetic sample-transport technology, samples are transported ten times faster than conventional conveyors.
We developed the Atellica Solution through years of intense collaboration – both within our company and with lab professionals around the world. The Atellica Solution is a major part of a comprehensive portfolio of Atellica® diagnostic for the clinical laboratory.
Do you want to learn more about our history? Check out the Healthineers MedMuseum
Our locations
1
2AdvaMedDX, “Policy Primer on Diagnostics”, June 2011, p. 3.
Be the first to know about our events, trainings and news
Would you like to provide detailed feedback?
Note: to get a direct personal response, please contact us via our email form.
0 / 125The web page information you have requested is for healthcare professionals only. Please select to confirm you are a healthcare professional and proceed.
OK
Cancel
North America
Europe
Africa
North America
Europe
Africa
Prepare your clinical laboratory workflow for lower Medicare lab reimbursement rates
1
Discover how Covenant Health, one of the largest laboratory service providers in the southwestern U.S., improved clinical laboratory workflow in preparation for lower Medicare reimbursement rates.  Reduced costs and enhanced efficiency are just some of the benefits Covenant Health is experiencing as they prepare for the impact of (Protecting Access to Medicare Act) that mandates lower laboratory reimbursement.
Watch a short, 3-minute video to learn how the organization is mitigating the impact of this new legislation.
Complete the form to access the video!
Because of some maintenance activities, this service is not available currently.
Please try again later.
An issue occurred on this form. Either, one or more missing and/or incorrect entries are in the form. Each is underlined in red. Or, the data inserted by you seems to be invalid. Please check if you filled in all form fields as expected according to the field names (e.g. ‘First Name’, ‘Last Name’ etc.). Please correct and re-submit your request again. Thank you!
An issue occurred on this form. The data inserted by you seems to be invalid. Please check if you filled in all form fields as expected according to the field names (e.g. ‘First Name’, ‘Last Name’ etc.). Please correct and re-submit your request again. Thank you!
First Name
Last Name
Not Sure
Do you feel your facility is prepared for the changes associated with the Protecting Access to Medicare Act (PAMA)?
would like to be contacted by a Healthineers representative.
Phone Number
would like to receive emails from Healthineers on related issues.
hereby consent to the processing of my above given personal data by the Healthineers company referred to under Corporate Information and for the purpose described above. Further information concerning the processing of your data can be found in the Data Privacy Policy .
am aware that can partially or completely revoke this consent at any time for the future. Please declare your revocation to the contact address given in the Corporate Information and send it to us via the following e-mail address: dataprivacy.func@siemens-healthineers.com .
Please enter the letters below
* Required
Submit
Here is the information you requested. To access the video and download, click on the title below.
Due to technical reasons your request cannot be completed. Please try again or contact us. We apologize for the inconvenience caused.
Try again
Be the first to know about our events, trainings and news
Would you like to provide detailed feedback?
Note: to get a direct personal response, please contact us via our email form.
0 / 125
Dear Visitor,
We invite you to participate in a short survey about your experience with the website. After your visit, we will ask you some questions about your online experience. We appreciate your feedback! It will take about 5 minutes to complete.
Would you like to participate?
✔  Yes
✕  No
  Later