Online s2001, STANDS4 is a leading provider of free online reference & educational resources — serving millions of unique visitors worldwide with genuine and useful content through its globally collaborative network of reference websites and content partners.
Symbols.com contains everything about symbols, signs, flags and glyphes by culture, country, religion, and more.
Abbreviations.com is the world's largest and most comprehensive directory and search engine for acronyms, abbreviations and initialisms on the Internet. Abbreviations.com holds hundreds of thousands of entries organized by a large variety of categories from computing and the Web to governmental, medicine and business and it is expanding daily.
Anagrams.net is a fast and complete website to help you solve anagrams for word games or puzzles. It can be used for games like Scrabble®, Words With Friends®, Trivia and other crossword based board games and apps.
Biographies.net is a huge collection of biographies about famous and not-so-famous individuals, including a large amount of facts, birthday information, life story, profession, family and more.
Convert.net is an online conversions calculator for a variety of unit measurements featuring natural language queries.
Definitions.net is an online multilingual dictionary that provides instant lookup and translations of word and phrase definitions from many sources, and in more than 20 different languages.
Grammar.com : All the Grammar You Need to Succeed™ - explore our world of Grammar with grammar & spell checker, articles, tutorials, vocabulary games and more.
Kamus.net is the world's largest and most popular English-Indonesian dictionary on the web.
Literature.com is a large collection of books from famous and not-so-famous authors from around the world — collaboratively published by amateur book authors and contributing editors.
Lyrics.com is a comprehensive online lyrics resource, and a vibrant music fans community, featuring hundred of thousands lyrics and albums information from endless artists.
Math @ STANDS4 All the math you need to succeed — Explore our world of mathematics with a math problem solver, calculators, articles, exercises, worksheets and more!
Phrases.net is a large collection of common phrases, casual expressions and idioms that can be browsed, searched, rated, heard and translated to several languages.
Poetry.net : the leading poetry community site on the web - poems from all over the world, famous poets biographies and lots of amateur poets contributions.
Quotes.net provides tens of thousands of famous and movie quotations from many authors that can be browsed, searched, rated, heard and translated to several languages.
References.net is a multidisciplinary web directory of reference resources that can be searched and browsed alphabetically and by category.
Rhymes.net is a unique online rhyming dictionary that contains a huge collection of rhyme entries for almost any given word in English divided by senses.
Scripts.com is a large collection of movie scripts, screenplays and transcripts which runs by a community of amateur and professional writers.
Synonyms.com is an online thesaurus reference resource that provides instant synonyms and antonyms definitions in several languages, along with visual diagrams of their associated semantic relationships
USZip.com is an instant code lookup service featuring geographic and demographic data, crime rates, business information, educational institutes, weather and maps that can be explored by code or city name.
What's a symbol?
Function:
noun
an arbitrary sign (written or printed) that has acquired a conventional significance
What's a sign?
Pronunciation:
saɪn
Function:
noun
any symbol or emblem which prefigures, typifles, or represents, an idea; a type; hence, sometimes, a picture
What's a flag?
Pronunciation:
flæg/dd>
Function:
noun
a typically rectangular piece of cloth marked with distinctive colors or designs and used as a symbol as of a nation or organization or as a means of signaling
Source: Definitions.net
Symbols, Signs & Flags