MENU
Team
Products
News
Contact
Freedom
At 500 Wh/kg, 
Licerion
®
 exceeds all expectations for a rechargeable battery.

DOWN
MISproduces the highest energy batteries,
Applications
and Propuland PropulHigher specific energy and energy density than any lithium-ion cell available today
Higher gravimetric and volumetric energy means longer driving distances on a single charge
Cell design easily incorporated into battery packs
Manufacturing process leverages existing equipment
UAV, UGV, and UMV
UAV, UGV, and UMV
Cell-level specific energy of up to 650 Wh/kg enables longer operations and more air/ground/sea covered for high altitude applications
Meets market cycle life requirements*
Reduced battery weight allows for less energy consumption; greater payloads
Battery pack design ideally suited for mid-to-large applications
*Cycle life dependent on application and 
Supply
Supply
Excellent supply for military applications, high-energy and light weight means improved ease of mobility
For aviation applications, every gram counts, with Licerion energy isn’t compromised for weight reductions
Team
High energy battery systems
With more than 20 years in research and development, is the leading developer of high-energy rechargeable, lithium metal battery technology.
Learn about Products
Licerion
®
 is the future of batteries
High performance
 – big energy, small package
Patented technology
 – proprietary anode and electrolyte coupled with high-energy cathode
Safety
 – Internal and third-party validation
Application diversity
 – Unmanned vehicles, propulsystems, and portable supply
Read More
Market Overview
Unmanned Vehicle Systems
Whether the system is by land, sea, or air is providing the portable rechargeable energy to go further.
Learn More
Auxiliary Supply
Licerion battery technology offers the safety and dependability for auxiliary requirements in aviation and land-based applications.
PropulSystems
With over 500 Wh/kg, Licerion technology exceeds most manufacturers’ expectations without compromising safety or battery weight.
Custom Solutions
has the engineering expertise to create custom, application-specific cells and robust battery pack designs. Licensing opportunities available.
Recent Innovations
ZL201510662121.7
CELLS
Granted — 12/22/17
China
10-1807911
ELECTRODE
Granted — 12/5/17
Korea
6228915
ELECTRODE
Granted — 10/20/17
Japan
ZL201280035665.5
ELECTRODE
Granted — 9/26/17
China
201180051093.5
CELLS
Granted — 7/11/17
China
10-1736013
CERAMIC/CELLS, BATTERIES
Granted — 5/8/17
Korea
6118805
SAME
Granted — 3/31/17
Japan
6116715
CERAMIC/CELLS, BATTERIES
Granted — 3/31/17
Japan
602011035976.2
CELLS
Granted — 3/15/17
Germany
2609647
CELLS
Granted — 3/15/18
France / Germany
2936594
SAME
Granted — 2/22/17
France / Germany / Italy / UK
Extensive Portfolio
172
Patents Granted
152
Patent Applications
Global patent coverage of Licerion technology.
ADDRESS
Phone
520-799-7500
Contact
Name
*
First
Last
Email
*
Company
*
Industry
*
Country
*
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, Democratic Republic of the
Congo, Republic of the
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Saint Martin
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Sudan, South
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Application Type
*
—
UAV
UGV
UMV
EV
Military-specific
Stationary Supply
Other
Please Specify Other Type
Comments
Newsletter
Sign me up for your newsletter
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
Team
Products
News
Contact
© 2019 Corporation. Website by 
Creative SliceAbout Us
is a privately owned company which began as a spin-off from Brookhaven National Laboratory in 1989 as Moltech. Since then, the company has grown attracting an impressive group of scientists, engineers, and partners who relentlessly developed the technology needed to reach the next generation of rechargeable battery technology.
Today the company consists of more than 60 employees, many of which have Ph.D.’s. This impressive group of individuals has acquired 172 patents with 152 pending. The company’s 67,000 square foot production and R&facility include a dry room for fabrication as well as test, analytical/materials, and electronic assembly labs.
Years of research and development has yielded the Licerion® lithium metal technology which is poised to dramatically change the lithium battery landscape, delivering the highest combination of energy density and specific energy available.
Leadership
Dr. Yuriy Mikhaylik
Dr. Chariclea Scordilis-Kelley
Joseph Lamarre
Angela Kliever
Director of Marketing
Tracy Kelley was assigned Chief Executive Officer July 10, 2017 with over 17 years of battery experience in lithium based battery systems. Tracy previous served as a research scientist at Valence Technology, a developer of lithium polymer batteries for portable applications, heading their failure analysis department. Tracy holds several patents in the area of active cathode materials and battery processing. He attended the University of Alabama majoring in Chemistry and Philosophy.
Prior to joining Britt served as Chief Executive Officer of Global Solar in Tucson, Arizona. Jeff has over 30 years’ experience in the thin-film photovoltaic (PV) industry, with a concentrated focus on Copper Indium Gallium diSelenide (CIGS). During his professional career, Jeff has held several leadership positions focusing on technology development to manufacturing, product development, and cost roadmaps.
Britt earned his Ph.in Electrical Engineering from the University of South Florida, where he also obtained his Master of Science. Britt also holds a Bachelor of Science in Physics from the University of Florida.
Dr. Urs Schoop is Vice President of Research and Engineering and has more than 20 years of thin film process, R&D, and equipment experience.Prior to Power, Dr. Schoop was Chief Technology Officer of Global Solar Energy developing commercial flexible PhotoVoltaic (PV) modules. Responsibilities included efficiency roadmap, cost reductions, product development, as well as engineering oversight for current and future production sites. Before that Dr. Schoop was with American Superconductor in Devens, scaling up process and equipment from the R&stage to production for thin film superconducting wire. Since earning his Ph.in Applied Physics from the University of Cologne, Germany he is researching flexible thin-film devices with an emphasis on commercializing products manufactured by utilizing low-cost roll-to-roll processing.
Dr. Yuriy Mikhaylik is Technical Fellow and Senior Director of Materials Development at Power. Dr. Mikhaylik has 30 years experience in research and development of lithium batteries and is a recognized expert in Li-rechargeable battery chemistry. Dr. Mikhaylik holds over 125 and foreign patents and patent applications. Prior to joining Mikhaylik held various management and research positions at the Ukrainian National Academy of Science, Kiev, Ukraine where he was a principal investigator on programs relating to lithium primary and rechargeable batteries for Ukrainian and Russian National Space Agency. Mikhaylik received his Masters of Science in Chemistry and Ph.in Electrochemistry from Moscow State University, Moscow, Russia.
Dr. Chariclea Scordilis-Kelley is Director of Analytical Chemistry with over 18 years of experience in developing lithium-based battery systems. Dr. Scordilis-Kelley previously served as Manager of Chemical Analysis at Valence Technology, a producer of lithium polymer batteries and holds numerous patents in various areas of lithium batteries and several publications in electro-analysis. She received her in Chemistry and Biology from Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina and her Ph.in Analytical Chemistry from the University of Alabama specializing in electrochemistry. She also studied electro-analysis under Janet Osteryoung at as a Post-doctoral research associate.
Michael Laramie is Director of Engineering. An alumnus of the University of Arizona with a major in electrical engineering, Michael has over 16 years experience in the thin film coating field with a focus on the design and development of vacuum deposition systems, and specialty coating packages. His efforts in this area have taken him from Europe to Asia where he has worked with small R&organizations, and well known production companies to satisfy their coating requirements and equipment concerns.
Robert has over 20 years of experience in intellectual property at both law firms and industry.  After having trained at law firms to draft and prosecute patent applications, he made the transition to in-house management at companies ranging from manufacturers of industrial drilling machines to computer hardware to advanced batteries.  Robert has been with since 2006 and has been instrumental in securing valuable patents and numerous license agreements.  He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.  Robert is a member of the Licensing Executives Society and volunteers much time and effort for the benefit of the organization.
Joseph Lamarre is Director of Finance. He has more than 35 years of experience in accounting and finance in a variety of industries including property development, medical devices and electronics. Joseph’s career responsibilities include overseeing accounting, finance, risk management, administration, acquisitions and property management.
He received his Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Bentley University and a Master of Business Administration from Southern New Hampshire University.
Ms. Kliever recently joined bringing with her more than 20 years of business-to-business marketing experience in technology industries. Previous to joining Power, Ms. Kliever was with Schletter, Inc. as Director of Marketing and Communications where she established a strong brand, successfully positioning of the company to become the dominant brand in the solar mounting system industry while capturing market leadership year-over-year. Her professional career has focused entirely on technology companies including semiconductor and composites. Ms. Kliever has a Bachelor of Science degree in Marketing.
Board of Directors
Board Member
Tracy Kelley
Board Member
Dr. James Simons is President of Renaissance Technologies Corp., a private investment firm dedicated to the use of mathematical methods. Previously he was chairman of the Mathematics Department at the State University of New York at Stony Brook. Earlier in his career he was a cryptanalyst at the Institute of Defense Analyses in Princeton, and taught mathematics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University.
Dr. Simons holds a in mathematics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Ph.in mathematics from the University of California at Berkeley. His scientific research was in the area of geometry and topology. He received the American Mathematical Society Veblen Prize in Geometry in 1975 for work that involved a recasting of the subject of area minimizing multi-dimensional surfaces. consequence was the settling of two classical questions, the Bernstein Conjecture and the Plateau Problem. Dr. Simons’ most influential research involved the discovery and application of certain measurements, now called the Chern – Simons Invarients, which have wide use, particularly in theoretical physics.
Dr. Simons is the founder and Chairman of Math for America, a nonprofit organization with a misto significantly improve math education in our nation’s public schools. He serves as Trustee of Brookhaven National Laboratory, The Institute for Advanced Study, The Rockefeller University, and the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute in Berkeley. He is also a member of the Board of the Corporation. Together with his wife, Marilyn, Dr. Simons manages the Simons Foundation, a charitable organization devoted to scientific research.
Leo Guthart founded Topspin in 2000. Prior to Topspin, he served as Vice Chairman of Pittway and Chief Executive Officer of its Security Group of companies, including Ademco, up until it was sold to Honeywell in 2000. After Pittway’s sale to Honeywell, he served as Chairman of the Security and Fire Solutions Group of Honeywell International. He was also Chairman of publicly-held Cylink Corporation, a leading supplier of encryption equipment that was sold to SafeNet Inc. Leo currently serves as a Director of AptarGroup, Inc. (NYSE:ATR), an international producer of dispensing valves, pumps and closures for pharmaceuticals and perfumes.
Leo is a graduate of Harvard College where he received a degree in Physics in 1958, and of Harvard Business School where he was a George Baker Scholar and received both an in 1960 and a Doctorate in Business Administration with a specialty in Corporate Finance in 1966.
Mark Heising is a Managing Director of Medley Partners in Palo Alto, He founded the firm in 2004. Previously he was the President of Cores, which designs and licenses cryptographic integrated circuits. Mark held various positions at Quickturn Design Systems, Cylink and Proximity Designs. Mark currently serves on the Board of Directors of C-Quest Capital and the Bipartisan Policy Center Advocacy Network. He also serves on the Advisory Board to Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Mark earned a in physics and a in electrical engineering and computer sciences from the University of California at Berkeley.
Dr. Melvin Miller founded in 1983 and served as and Chairman from inception through going public and subsequent sale to Halliburton for $500 million in 1997. under Miller’s technical leadership developed the world’s first commercially successful openhole logging tool for oil and gas exploration based on Magnetic Resonance technology. Miller also founded Geometric Data and under his direction developed for clinical pathology laboratory use the world’s first Automated White Blood Cell Differential Analyzer. The system utilized proprietary pattern recognition technology. He sold the company to Glaxo SmithKline and as President directed its worldwide operation for 11 years where it achieved and maintained market leadership and profitability. He has ten patents in applications of pattern recognition and magnetic resonance. Miller has a from Cornell University and a and a Doctorate in Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
Kenneth Lane is President of BASF’s Catalysts diviheadquartered in Iselin, New Jersey. Lane holds a bachelor’s degree in civil engineering from Clemson University and a master’s degree in management from the University of Alabama. He joined in 2006.
Dr. Peter Schuhmacher is President of the Process Research & Chemical Engineering. Schuhmacher studied chemistry at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Germany, and at the University of Amherst, Massachusetts. He earned his doctorate in 1995 at the University of Mainz, following a research fellowship at Scripps Research Institute in San Diego, California. Schumacher has been with since 1995.
Dr. Mangino is Senior Adviser to Power.  Formerly, he was Chief Executive Officer of Power. Prior to joining Power, Dr. Mangino served as President and of International, a global leader in testing, product certification, ISO-9000 registration and standards development. Under his leadership, experienced a fivefold growth in revenue while broadening services provided to companies operating in 85 countries.  Earlier, Dr. Mangino held executive positions with America, Inc., Weirton Steel Corp., industries and EniChem America, Inc. where his responsibilities included strategic planning, mergers and acquisitions, quality systems management and general management of both commodity and high technology based businesses. He has extensive international experience in the areas of technology licensing and business partner development. Dr. Mangino received his and Ph.degrees in ceramic engineering and ceramic science, respectively, from Rutgers University. He also completed the Program for Management Development at the Harvard Business School.
Tracy Kelley was assigned Chief Executive Officer July 10, 2017 with over 17 years of battery experience in lithium based battery systems. Tracy previous served as a research scientist at Valence Technology, a developer of lithium polymer batteries for portable applications, heading their failure analysis department. Tracy holds several patents in the area of active cathode materials and battery processing. He attended the University of Alabama majoring in Chemistry and Philosophy.
Career Opportunities
is a rapidly growing company with technology that will revolutionize the rechargeable battery industry. We offer competitive compensation, benefits and exciting career opportunities.
Email
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.