Materials, Inc. produces Gallium Nitride (GaN) crystals, a key material for energy, informational, and defense technology, with its proprietary (Near-Equilibrium AmmonoThermal) method. SixPoint's Gawafer "GANKIBAN" has a lower dislocation density than those produced by the conventional hydride vapor phase epitaxy. enables a GaN-on-Gaplatform for  high-power devices used in power electronics, devices used in informational and defense applications, laser diodes used in informational technologies, and light emitting diodes (LEDs) for energy-saving solid-state lighting (SSL).
Last modified February 21, 2018
Copyright (C) Materials, Inc.Tadao Hashimoto, Ph.D
Tadao Hashimoto joined Professor Matsunami's laboratory at Kyoto University in 1990. His research covered plasma-assisted chemical vapor deposition (CVD) of amorphous silicon carbide for solar cells and photo-assisted metalorganic molecular beam epitaxy (MOMBE) of gallium phosphide. He was awarded bachelor of electrical engineering in 1991 and master of electrical engineering in 1993 from Kyoto University. In 1993, he joined Panasonic and worked for 6 years as a research engineer of semiconductor lasers and metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD) of GaAs-based alloys and GaN-based alloys. From 1997 to 1999, he stayed at Stanford University as a visiting researcher working on hydride vapor phase epitaxy (HVPE) of GaIn 1999 he left Panasonic and in 2000 he started his Ph.study at the University of California, Santa Barbara. He joined the Nakamura Inhomogeneous Crystal Project and started research on the ammonothermal growth of GaIn 2005, he was awarded Ph.in science from and continued his research on the ammonothermal growth at In 2007, he received Outstanding Research Achievement Award form Solid State Lighting and Display Center at He is the founder of Materials, Inc.
Vice President in Technology
Edward Letts, Ph.D
Edward Letts joined Professor Pierre Petroff's laboratory in as an undergraduate from 1997-2001.  He studied InAs quantum dot layers grown on GaAs using molecular beam epitaxy. In 2001 he graduated with honors and was awarded a bachelor of Physics from the College of Creative Studies at Later that year he started his Ph.study at under the guidance of Professor Shuji Nakamura. He researched the bulk crystal growth of Alusing a sublimation technique.  In 2007 he was awarded his Ph.in material science from He is the cofounder Materials.
Last modified February 21, 2018
Copyright (C) Materials, Inc.HISTORY
Materials, Inc. was founded on September 29th, 2006, as a spin-off from the Nitrides' group in the department at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) . The company's core technology is the ammonothermal growth of bulk Gacrystal, which was developed at under Nakamura Inhomogeneous Crystal Project in the Exploratory Research for Advanced Technology (ERATO) Program , led by Professor Nakamura the pioneer of GaN-based LEDs and laser diodes. Ammonothermal technology will provide higher quality, lower cost Gawafers than the conventional Gawafers produced only by hydride vapor phase epitaxy (HVPE). This revolutionary technology will expand the usage of Gawafers to many new applications such as low-cost lightings and blue/green laser diodes for compact projectors.
Last modified February 21, 2018
Copyright (C) Materials, Inc.