Product
About Us
Contact Us
Product
About Us
Contact Us
®
 Introduces: The SMU
The Next Direction in Solar™
- for powerful facades -
huge thanks to everyone that came out to our open house! It was a huge success and we're excited to move forward. If you missed the event or just want a refresher, check out the video below of Pat & Jay's presentation. 
Find more details about the company, our products, and how to get involved through the navigation links above! 
Back to Top
SolaBlock, LLC, 116 Pleasant Street, Easthampton, MA, 01027, United States
339-230-4600
Copyright © 2018. All rights reserved.Featured
Patrick Quinlan  is the of SolaBlock, and has been actively involved in renewable energy since 1982. He worked on solar at Southern California Edison and the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL). He was also a Congressional fellow for the Ranking Member of the House of Science Committee, and a Technology Fellow supporting the Presidential Science Advisor at the Office of Technology Policy.
Jason Laverty is the and is a veteran mason. He is a co-inventor of technology and a former instructor for both the International Masonry Institute and Job Corps. Jason is a member of Local Union No. 3 of the Boston International Union of Bricklayers, and is a recognized troubleshooting mason, involved in several large scale projects restoring historic buildings.
Mark Stetz has been working the previous twelve years as an electrician in film and television in Prior to that he studied film at Emerson College. At SolaBlock, Mark manages electrical system design, inventory, and customer applications.
Richard Hicks is our of Engineering at SolaBlock. He graduated in 2017 from the University of Massachusetts Amherst with a degree in Building and Construction Technology. Rich specializes in design drawing, prototyping, tooling and other engineering related tasks at SolaBlock.
Shannon Carleton is of Sales and Marketing for SolaBlock. She focuses on developing sales and investment opportunities as well as protecting the brand. Previously, she worked for Apple as a retail manager where she was able to focus on leading the team to be a top revenue producing store for the company. She obtained an undergraduate degree of Communication and Journalism from the University of St Thomas in 2013 and a masters degree in Intercultural Communication from Lesley University in 2017. 
Abraham Ekajulo  is involved with Research and Development at SolaBlock. He holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. At he is focused on the design, manufacturing, and implementation of the photovoltaic block and tile systems, and works closely with the the product's developers towards improving them. 
Bill Pennington is a non-traditional civil engineering student at Holyoke Community College. He is still shopping for the right four year school to complete his bachelor's degree. In the years between high school and returning to college he made his living as a chef, tree planter, stage hand, department store Santa Claus, pedicab operator, bolt polisher, and construction worker to name just a few. He plans to focus on sustainable construction and development upon graduation.
Cooper Lerner is a senior mechanical engineering student at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He has a passion for renewable energy systems, and hopes to stay in the industry for the foreseeable future. Before SolaBlock, Cooper has worked as a chef, pro shop manager, and as a pga professional. He plans to focus on Aerospace systems or renewable systems after graduation.
Former Interns & Employees
Anthony Masi served as a Production Engineer at SolaBlock. He graduated in 2016 from the University of Massachusetts Amherst with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. He worked closely with Lead Engineer Richard Hicks developing manufacturing processes for optimally producing kits on a mass scale.
David Morais was our Project Engineering Intern. He studies Building and Construction Technology at the University of Massachusetts, with a minor in Economics. At he was involved with production and manufacturing of our latest product line. 
Jackson Rhine was our Electrical Engineering Intern, currently at UMass Amherst to continue a degree in Electrical Engineering. At Jackson built and tested Solar kits and components. 
Brendan Corrigan  was our Block and Building intern. senior in the Building & Construction Technology program at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, he focued on green building and renewable energy, and applied his knowledge of green building requirements and study to our product here at SolaBlock.
Rachael Yaseen  was the Office Manager for SolaBlock, responsible for all office duties including contract management, human resources, bookkeeping, and safety programs. 
Sam Stettiner  was a Business Development Intern here at SolaBlock. Sam graduated from the University of Massachusetts in 2016 with a in Natural Resource Conservation with additional focus in Public Policy and Administration. Working previously in fields of sustainability, education, administration and research, Sam applied these skills to SolaBlock.
Ariana Andrewes was interning as our Marketing and Research Coordinator. She graduated from the University of Massachusetts in 2016 with degrees in both Environmental Science and Natural Resource Conservation. At she focused on marketing materials, PR, research and analysis. 
Misty Althizer  was a Business Development Intern at SolaBlock. She holds a bachelors degree from Clark University specializing in International Studies. Currently she is pursuing a Masters in Environmental Management. At SolaBlock, Misty was in charge of our Business Plan, and is also involved in Strategy and Investor Relations. 
Zach Becker was our Marketing Intern here at SolaBlock. He graduated in 2017 from the University of Massachusetts Amherst studying environmental conservation with a concentration in renewable energy, economics, and public policy. He has a background in sales and management, spending time as an independent sales rep and manager. Zach worked to prepare all the marketing materials for SolaBlock.
Bechtel was our Clean Energy Intern at SolaBlock. They currently hold a Bachelors in Health and Human Services as well as a Certificate in Clean Energy. Pursuing a in Resilient and Sustainable Communities, worked in the lab as well as researching to develop our product to the next level. 
Alina Davledzarova  was our Sustainability and Marketing Intern at SolaBlock. She attended Holyoke Community College and planned to pursue Sustainable Studies. Alina focused on marketing at SolaBlock. 
Megan Desplaines  served as an Architecture Intern at SolaBlock. As a senior at the University of Massachusetts Amherst she is pursued a Bachelor of Fine Arts Architecture. At SolaBlock, Megan worked as a designer for architecture based tasks. 
Else Schlerman  was our Research and Development Intern at SolaBlock.  Recently returned from a year at the University of Oxford, she will finish her degree in Physics and German at Wellesley College in Spring 2017.  She was involved in the design and creation of SolaBlock’s new block and tile prototypes.
Stephen Hicks  served as an Engineering Intern at SolaBlock. He is a mechanical engineering graduate from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Stephen was SolaBlock's specialist, and previously worked for Black Island Wind power as a Mechanical Engineering Intern.
Julie Kenney  was our Marketing Intern at SolaBlock. She graduated from the University of Massachusetts with her Bachelor of Science in Resource Economics. Julie worked as a content developer and designer for social media and the website as well as work in research and analysis. 
Alexa Morgan  was our Marketing and Sales Intern at SolaBlock. She graduated from the University of Massachusetts from Isenberg School of Management with a Bachelor's in Hospitality and Tourism Management. Alexa illustrated the company's vision through servers and applications.
Copyright © 2018. All rights reserved.Partner with Partnering with The value chain involves solar cell manufacturers, materials suppliers, electrical parts sources, and automation specialists.  We are constantly looking for improved solutions to help provide a better value to our customers.
We encourage inquiries from suppliers to help improve the cost-effectiveness, performance, quality, and content of our products.  We’re especially interested in partnering with regional concrete block manufacturers for local custom molding of our masonry components.  We are piloting our first partnership agreement with a local wholesale block manufacturer and we’re looking for more partners around the and the world.
Copyright © 2018. All rights reserved.