Ultra small & bright
LaserLight is enabling a breakthrough in ultra-small projectors that are highly portable, brighter than ever, and always in focus.
Style meets safety
Driving new trends in style with the brightest, smallest light source that delivers the longest range headlights commercially available.
See every detail
SLD’s LaserLight technology is leading the way to new opportunities in lighting innovations with a laser-based lighting platform.
Superior visibility
LaserLight enables the incredible ability to see beyond a kilometer, that’s ten times farther than with the portability of a flashlight.
LaserLight is enabling a breakthrough in ultra-small pico-projectors that are highly portable, brighter than ever, and always in focus.
Style meets safety
Driving new trends in style with the brightest, smallest light source that delivers the longest range headlights commercially available.
See every detail
SLD’s laserlight technology is leading the way to new opportunities in product innovations with a laser-based lighting platform.
Superior visibility
LaserLight enables the incredible ability to see up to a kilometer, that’s three times farther than with the portability of a flashlight.
SMD
The world's first high luminance, white LaserLight source delivers 100 times the luminance of LEDS, for ultra-long beam distance, narrow beam angles and small optic sizes.
LaserLight Fiber features safe, high efficiency fiber delivery of incoherent, broad spectrum white light for remote lighting architectures.
Blue
revolutionary Gablue with a miniature form factor that is ideal for single emitter packages or integration into multi-chip modules.
See what’s next for in high-speed communications, sensing, AR/VR, and everything in between.
© 2018 Laser. All Rights Reserved.Why LaserLight
Bright Solutions
Lighting
Automotive
Display
Beyond Lighting
Products
LaserLight SMD
LaserLight Fiber
LaserLight Blue
Company
About
News
Careers
Contact Us
LaserLight delivered
Our Mission
is where the future of lighting is being built. New ideas are being harnessed to realize tomorrow’s product innovations. We are pioneering new ways to generate light that weren’t thought possible – until now. 
LaserLight, the world’s brightest and most innovative light source.
Upcoming events
 Meetings by appointment, please call 1-800-SLD-LASE
San Francisco, CA
Feb 2-7 2019
Photonics West 2019
Rochester, MI
Jan 15-16, 2019
- Driving Vision News Workshop
The next generation in lighting has arrived, shining brighter and farther than ever before. In the last decade, enabled a new generation of lighting that changed everything. Now, LaserLight outshines the limits of to deliver safe, high luminance white light from an incredibly small point source. LaserLight doesn’t just offer superior technology, it’s enabling entirely new opportunities.
We are commercializing revolutionary semi-polar GaLaserLight for the next generation of display, automotive, and specialty applications.  LaserLight sources are used directly in single color and R-G-applications, or integrated into pumped phosphor architectures.
As an independent spin-off from Inc, was founded in 2013 by several leading global pioneers in solid state lighting, including Dr. Shuji Nakamura, a 2014 Nobel Laureate in Physics for his groundbreaking work with LEDs, Dr. Steve Denbaars, Dr. James Raring, and Dr. Paul Rudy. Our technology incorporates a robust intellectual property portfolio of over 500 patents
History
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2013
established as a spin-out independent company with world renowned financial and strategic shareholders and >500 patents.
2014
wins Nobel Prize in Physics for inventing the blue LED, demonstrates high power Semi-polar Gadiode.
2015
demonstrates LaserLight technology as next generation solid state lighting technology for Auto and Lighting.
2016
achieves product performance and initiates sample shipments for auto and lighting, establishes long term development and supply agreements.
2017
achieves automotive quality certifications 16949 and 9001, Pre-production deliveries commence.
2018
achieves safety certifications and for production launch into auto and commercial lighting. High volume LaserLight production lines established.
Our leadership
Shuji Nakamura
CTO, Co-Founder
Cofounder LED
Founder of Nitres
(Sold to Cree, $200M)
Bio
Steven DenBaars presently is Chief Executive Officer & Co-Founder at Inc. Dr. DenBaars is also a director of Soraa, Inc. and Akoustis Technologies, Inc. and Co-Director-Solid State Lighting and Energy Electronics Center at the University of California, Santa Barbara.  Dr. DenBaars has been in the compound semiconductor business for over 30 years starting with his prior work at Hewlett-Packard Optoelectronics division in 1988 and has co-founded 3 semiconductor startups. Prof. DenBaars joined in 1991 and holds the Mitsubishi Chemical Chair in Solid State Lighting and Displays.  Dr. DenBaars specific research interests include fabrication of wide-band gap semiconductors (Gabased), and their application to Blue LEDs, diodes and energy efficient solid-state lighting. He has over 840 peer reviewed scientific publications and over 179 patents on electronic materials and devices. He has been honored with an Young Investigator award, Fellow Award and the Aron Kressel Award. He has been a Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors since 2014 and was elected to the National Academy of Engineering in 2012.
Nobel Prize Laureate
1st Ga& LED
Emmy winner
Millennium Prize
Inventor of the Year
Bio
Professor Shuji Nakamura is co-founder and of Laser, a leader in the commercialization of light sources for display, lighting, sensing, and automotive applications.  Professor Nakamura is the 2014 Nobel Laureate in Physics for the invention of efficient blue light-emitting diodes, which have enabled bright and energy-saving white light sources, as well as the invention of the violet Gadiode, used widely for Blu-ray data storage.  Since 2000, he has been a professor of Materials and Electrical & Computer Engineering at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Professor Nakamura obtained B.E., M.S., and Ph.degrees in Electrical Engineering from the University of Tokushima, Japan in 1977, 1979, and 1994, respectively. Throughout his career, Professor Nakamura has received a myriad of recognitions, including the Global Energy Prize, Inventor of the Year USA, Harvey Prize by Technion, Prince of Asturias Award for Technical Scientific Research, Czochralski Award, Finland's Millennium Technology Prize, and the Global Innovation Leader Award.  He has over authored or co-authored over 500 scientific publications and 500 patents.
Steve DenBaars
CEO, Co-Founder
James Raring
President and COO, Co-Founder
20 years, industry corporate development
Specialty Illumination
Product Mktg, Strategy
Bio
Dr. Paul Rudy is a Co-Founder, CMO, and of Business Development at Laser, a leader in the commercialization of Gabased light sources.  Paul has worked in the field of photonics for more than 20 years, and has extensive experience in photonics general management, technical product marketing, business development, and product management.  Prior to SLD, Paul worked as Director of Marketing at Coherent, the world's largest commercial manufacturer, specifically working to commercialize devices based on gallium arsenide.  Dr. Rudy received his doctoral degree in physics from the University of Rochester, from USC, and undergraduate physics from Duke University.  He has over 50 patents and has authored more than 40 technical marketing papers and conference talks.
10 years, Photonics & Operations leadership 
>200 patents in lasers
1st true green LD
Bio
Dr. Raring is President and Chief Operating Officer of Laser, and a Co-Founder.  As President and COO, he leads the development and commercialization of LaserLight, based on state-of-the-art blue and green InGaN-based diodes fabricated on nonpolar/semi-polar GaDr. Raring helped lead the spin-off of in July of 2013.  Prior to SLD, Dr. Raring worked at Inc. as of Engineering and a founding employee where he helped grow the company and establish key infrastructure such as the epitaxial growth and fabrication capabilities.  Earlier in his career, Dr. Raring worked at Sandia National Laboratories as a Senior Member of Technical Staff in the photonic integrated circuit (PIC) group where he developed high-functionality InP-based devices. Dr Raring received his Ph.in Materials Science from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 2006 where he developed an advanced InP-based photonic integration scheme by combining regrowth with quantum well intermixing.  Leveraging this novel monolithic integration platform, he demonstrated the first single-chip 40 Gb/s optical transceiver. Dr. Raring has authored or co-authored over 100 technical papers and conference presentations.
Paul Rudy
BD, Co-Founder, CMO
Dietmar Zapf
of Global Operations
25 yrs in finance
Intel, Vitesse
Crocus, Cypress
Bio
Rafael is responsible for the financial management of Laser. 
He brings over 25 years of corporate and operational finance experience to the business, having worked in corporations such as Intel, Johnson & Johnson and Procter & Gamble. He has over 20 years of semiconductor manufacturing and R&finance experience and has successfully led as Finance Director for a fabless semiconductor company in a turnaround mode. is his second startup.
‍
Raised in Mexico, Rafael brings relevant international experience to our corporation. He holds an from Carnegie Mellon University and a in Business Administration from the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de Mexico (ITAM), with a focus on Finance and Entrepreneurship.
20 yrs in supply chain
Coherent, Kaiam, Santur
& Semiconductors
Bio
Dietmar Zapf brings 20+ years of Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Operations management experience to Laser. He has held senior positions in both startups and large publicly traded companies in the telecommunications, and Semiconductor industries. Prior to joining Laser, he was managing operations at Kaiam, Coherent, and at Santur. As Senior Supply Chain Manager at JDSU, he was responsible for transferring multiple product lines to offshore manufacturing sites. He is passionate about leading manufacturing organizations both domestically and internationally as well as transitioning startups into revenue generating companies. 
Mr. Zapf was born and raised in Germany, but has lived in the Bay Area for 30 years, he graduated from Berkeley where he was a member of the Crew team.
Rafael Alva
Finance
careers
culture of innovation
No revolutionary idea wins on value alone.  It takes many ideas and bright people working together to create a seismic shift toward a new technology solution.  Pioneer the realm of possible, and join 100+ employees from 17 countries to be a part of the future of lighting.
We're hiring
Worldwide locations
Santa Barbara
Shenzhen
Silicon Valley
Los Angeles
Munich
Tokyo
Shanghai
Tucson
Contact us
SLD is 9001 certified and automotive compliant to 16949, and operates facilities in Santa Barbara, and in Fremont, CA.
NEWS
January 17, 2019
Headlights are passé: Luxury cars of the future will be illuminated with lasers
Most people don’t turn on their car’s headlights and think, wish they were brighter. Shuji Nakamura is not most people. The Nobel Prize-winning illumination scientist has spent the past five years developing a laser-based lighting system.
January 15, 2019
The Headlight of the Future Is a Ten times brighter than an LED, but won’t blind oncoming traffic.
January 14, 2019
demos bright, beautiful white headlights in the deep, dark desert
quick ride in a desert racing pre-runner demos technology Baja racers can use but the rest of us can’t get, at least not yet
See all news
1-866-SLD-| 
© 2018 Laser. All Rights Reserved.