History Movie
Since the Company’s founding in 1897, Industries, Ltd. has continued to take on challenges to achieve a prosperous and dream-filled future. In late 19th century, Japan was still heavily dependent on expensive imported cables. decided to break ground with the wire business for the benefit of the nation. Starting with the production of copper and silicon copper wires, the Company played an important role in supporting the development of Japanese industries, succeeding in the first domestic production of high-voltage underground cables and the production and installation of the world's longest submarine cables.
120 years have passed since then. With its belief in the great potential of "innovation," the Group will continue to contribute to the development of Japan and the world, both today and in the future.
The year 2017 marks the 120th anniversary of the founding of Electric. From an wire and cable manufacturer in Osaka 120 years ago, we have grown into a global leading company in automotive, infocommunications, electronics, energy and industrial materials industry. Take a journey through time and find out more about the defining moments in our history.
HISTORY
Copper Rolling Works founded
Copper Rolling Works, which formed the basis of Wire and Cable Works, the predecessor to Industries, Ltd., was established in 1897.
The nation was experiencing a severe recession as a reaction to an entrepreneurial boom following the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895). In the wake of Sumitomo's acquisition of Japan Copper Manufacturing Co., Ltd. in March of this year,  Copper Rolling Works was established.
1911
Wire and Cable Works established
Despite the remarkable development of the power business, the nation was still relied on imports for high-grade goods, and its technologies were immature. Lamenting the situation, Kankichi Yukawa, Director and Manager of Head Office, decided to further accelerate the electrical wire business to benefit both and the nation. In the fall of that year, succeeded in the practical application of lead-coated power cables for the first time in Japan, demonstrating a further leap in technology. These cables were used for power transmission from Kyoto Dento's thermal power plant in Fushimi to Kyoto City.
1914
Developed trolley wire
In 1914, we developed trolley wires. The first delivery was made to Tokyo City (present-day Tokyo metropolis) in 1916. Since then, these trolley wires have been used in various railways in Japan (in recent years, in the Keihan Nakanoshima Line, Tokyo Metropolitan Nippori-Toneri Liner), as well as overseas in the Taiwan High Speed Rail, also known as Taiwan's bullet train.
1922
Manufactured and installed 21 km of submarine power cable, the world’s longest at that time
1922
Manufactured and installed 21 km of submarine power cable, the world’s longest at that time
Manufactured and installed 21 km of submarine power cable, the world’s longest at that time
This major project started when Sumitomo’s copper mine refinery was relocated to the uninhabited island of Shisakajima in 1905. Much time and expense was incurred since coal used as fuel had to be transported by ship from Niihama each time, making it less economical to continue with thermal power generation on the island. hydropower plant was located on the opposite shore of Besshi, where there was an abundance of power. However, it was a remote spot located more than 20 km away, and required underwater power transmission lines that were considered impossible with the technology of that time.
held repeated negotiations on the installation of submarine cables with German and British wire companies but none of them guaranteed the outcomes of the construction because there were no such long-distance submarine transmission lines anywhere in the world (the only well-known long-distance lines at that time were submarine cables in San Francisco that were 7 km short and a submarine cable between Sweden and Denmark that was about 5 km).
This project required a 21-km line connecting Niihama in Ehime Prefecture to Shisakajima, and was the world's longest submarine transmission line at the time. After a series of hardships, including  severe storms and degradation of  cable insulation resistance, underwater installation work was carried out over 20 days.
1927
1929
Delivery of Japan's first cable capacitator to Nippon Power Company, Limited.
1932
1940
Successful domestic production of piano wire for valve springs of aircraft engines
1941
Successful production and stringing of the world's first 250ktransmission cable with Furukawa Co., Ltd. (between Kurobe and Sasazu)
1943
1945
Experienced four aerial bombings in WWII
Although the war had ended, plants had been hit hard by air strikes and were in a desperate situation. After expressing appreciation to the employees for all their past efforts, then-President Sadao Bekku said that Japan must now rebuild itself as a cultural nation, and that Electric's products are essential to achieving this, and therefore, the company must strive to manufacture products for achieving its mission in whatever form the company would take. In addition to wires, also manufactured daily necessities, such as rubber boots, heaters, wire mesh, and hoes and other agricultural tools, using materials on hand.
1948
1949
1950
Typhoon Jane strikes Japan
Typhoon Jane was a large typhoon that hit Osaka in September 1950, inflicting damage with 336 people dead, 500,000 victims, and 15,000 houses collapsing mainly in the Kansai region. The western plant of Osaka Works was flooded by water.  Aluminum overhead transmission cables bound for India were submerged by floodwaters. Although the products could have been made usable by washing them, management decided to re-make them all, with no thought of gain. This clearly shows our traditional spirit of devoting ourselves wholeheartedly to supplying quality products and placing prime importance on reliability.
1951
Delivery of piano wire to Chosei Bridge (Nanao City, Ishikawa Prefecture), Japan's first bridge
Delivery of piano wire to Chosei Bridge (Nanao City, Ishikawa Prefecture), Japan's first bridge
The Chosei Bridge over the Misogi River, which flows through Nanao City in Ishikawa Prefecture, is Japan's first prestressed concrete (PC) bridge and was installed by Nanao Shipyard of East Japan Heavy Industries, the predecessor to Mitsubishi Construction Co., Ltd., in December 1951. Piano wire was supplied by Electric. The bridge was removed in flood control works carried out in 2001 and partially relocated to Kibo-no-Oka Park (Hope Park) on the outskirts of Nanao City. The bridge still continues to contribute to the community.
1954
1957
Succeeded in achieving domestic production Television broadcasting antennas
Trial broadcasting in Japan began in Tokyo in 1952. The following year, Tokyo and Nippon Television Network Corporation launched stations in succession. However, facilities used in these early stations, including antennas and power cables, had all been imported.
had been manufacturing antennas and electrical supply cables for the National Police Agency and Defense Agency. Based on these technologies, the Company began developing antennas and electrical supply cables for broadcasting with the cooperation of Science & Technology Research Laboratories. In 1954, we delivered a copper pipe co-axial electrical supply cable to the Nagoya Bureau, and in 1957, we successfully manufactured and put the entire antenna system at Kokura Bureau into operation.
1962
Dywidag railway sleepers and air suspension for railway ties
Regular tracks are often visualized with wooden railway sleepers, but in the case of Dywidag sleepers adopted in the Tokaido Shinkansen, materials assumed this role in place of wood. Electric's Dywidag sleepers were adopted for use in the Tokaido Shinkansen in 1961, with full-fledged delivery starting in the following year.
For details about the Dywidag method, please refer to http://global-sei.com/company/sei-world/2015/09/feature.html
Since the start of research in 1955, we have developed air springs mainly for railway cars. In 1962, we developed a diaphragm air spring in cooperation with Metal Industries, Ltd. and supplied to private rail cars and bullet train cars. Later on, new air springs "Sumiride" were developed and delivered to many customers both inside and outside of Japan.
1964
●Started production of Sumitube™
●Parabolic antenna for syncom satellite, used to transmit live broadcasts of the Tokyo Olympic games
1964
Parabolic antenna for syncom satellite, used to transmit live broadcasts of the Tokyo Olympic games
Parabolic antenna for syncom satellite, used to transmit live broadcasts of the Tokyo Olympic games
Electric's parabolic antennas for syncom satellites were used at the 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games, enabling the world's first satellite broadcasting of the Olympics. Broadcasting the games in real time to the world was one of the dreams of the people around the world at that time.
1969
●Start of production
●EXPO' 70
Provide power cables, steel cords for moving walkways and traffic game
EXPO' 70
Provide power cables, steel cords for moving walkways and traffic game
EXPO' 70
Provide power cables, steel cords for moving walkways and traffic game
"Traffic Game," the main feature of the Automobile Pavilion at the Japan World Expo held in Osaka in 1970, was a one-of-a kind exhibition at the Expo venue, where visitors could enjoy taking part. In the game, colorful miniature cars ran on a grid-shaped track constructed in the circular square. The cars need to enter their opposite base and continues to cross back to their original base. If this circuit is successfully completed three times within two minutes, the driver received a souvenir gift. With 250,000 participants, the success rate was about 3%. The royal family, including the Crown Prince, also visited during that time.
In addition to this, our power cables and steel cords (used for moving walkways) played an important role at the Osaka Expo. Moving walkways spread across the country after the Expo.
1973
Joint experiments on bus location systems, a first in Japan
Joint experiments on bus location systems, a first in Japan
Joint experiments on bus location systems, a first in Japan
In addition to traffic control systems, we also developed a bus location system from the middle of 1970s to 1980s.
Road congestion was already a significant issue, and the poor punctuality of city buses had resulted in a visible decrease in users. The bus location system was examined as a countermeasure to address this issue and was introduced for the first time in Japan. Under the guidance of the Ministry of Transport, joint experiments were conducted with in charge of the development of equipment, and Tokyu Corporation in charge of operations. demonstration plan was decided in 1971 and design and production began in June 1972. Demonstrations for each function were carried out from August 1973 to January 1974.
1974
●Completed the Tokyo Traffic Control Center, one of world's largest
●Started production of optical fiber cables
1976
1980
Started manufacture of parallel wire
Parallel wires are giant-sized suspension materials used for large suspension bridges and cable-stayed bridges. With manufacturing starting in 1980 for Onaruto Bridge, these wires were also produced for the Kita and Minami Bisan Seto Bridges, Akashi Kaikyo Bridge, and Kurushima-Kaikyo Bridge.
1982
●Started experimental production of intelligent robot with advanced awareness and judgment functions
●Produced one of the world's largest synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
Produced one of the world's largest synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
Produced one of the world's largest synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
In 1970, we began research on synthetic diamonds. As a manufacturer of cemented carbide, we had numerous requests to produce ultra-high-pressure products, such as diamonds, but we had no technical basis with which to do so. Two-axis machining equipment was not available anywhere in Japan and  equipment from overseas was every expensive. Therefore, we started to research ultra-high-pressure technology from zero by ourselves.
In 1982, we succeeded in manufacturing a 1.2-carat, single crystal diamond, which was included in the 1984 version of the Guinness Book of World Records as the world's largest synthetic diamond at that time. Crystals had a yellow hue due to the influence of impurities, but now clear and colorless high-quality crystals of about 10 carats are available.
Sumicrystal, synthetic single crystal diamond
Opening of Kansai International Airport (provide comprehensive communications network system, contact power cable support and prestressed steel for paving)
Construction work on Kansai International Airport began in January 1987. was responsible for the construction of roads and railways, electrical power supply to the airport, paved steel materials for parking lots, information infrastructure, and integrated communication systems. Specifically, our steel products are used in airport roads, including the Japan Highway Public Corporation's Kansai International Airport Line and Hanwa Expressway, as well as the Hanshin Expressway Wangan Route, in addition to elevated bridges and orbital concrete sleepers for the Kansai International Airport Line on the and Nankai Railway.
We also supplied systems to connect individual information management systems for parking lots, facilities, and refueling, as well as systems installed in the airport island, thereby centralizing information and resources. Our products have also been adopted in cables and accessories for trunk power cables to the island and power distribution cables in control towers and employee accommodations.
1992
Started experiments on InGaAs crystal growth for the Space Shuttle Endeavour
Started experiments on InGaAs crystal growth for the Space Shuttle Endeavour
NASA's Space Shuttle Endeavor enabled a number of experiments that were difficult to conduct on the ground ("Fuwatto '92" project). One experiment tried to produce new ambitious materials by taking advantage of the features in outer space where substances with poor compatibility like oil and water will mix uniformly.
1998
2006
Started power transmission via superconducting cable in actual power transmission lines
high-temperature superconducting cable manufactured by was used for the practical application of underground power transmission cables for the first time in the world. In a superconducting cable project in Albany, SuperPower Inc. was the main contractor, National Grid supplied power cables, (now Linde) conducted cooling, and oversaw the manufacturing, installation, and operation of superconducting cables. 350-m superconducting cable was constructed over 3.2 km between two substations in Albany City, and long-term power distribution demonstration was carried out using a real system.
Long-term power transmission demonstrations using actual grids were completed successfully in April 2008.
2010
Developed aluminum wiring harnesses
For wiring harnesses, copper wires are commonly used for the excellent electrical conductivity. However, in order to contribute to the reduction of vehicle weight, the Group developed aluminum alloy wires that have a current conductivity equivalent to that of copper wires with half the weight of copper wires. Aluminum wiring harnesses using these wires have been sold since 2010.
Of the cars in the world, one in four uses Group wiring harnesses.
●Started sales of the world's highest fiber count  optical cables
●Construction of a 1 power generation plant in Morocco and start of performance evaluation
2016
Construction of a 1 power generation plant in Morocco and start of performance evaluation
Construction of a 1 power generation plant in Morocco and start of performance evaluation
Based on a demonstration contract with the Moroccan Agency for Sustainable Energy (MASEN), a megawatt-class power plant using our 1-concentrator photovoltaic system was built in Ouarzazate, Morocco. We are carrying out five-year field demonstration from November 2016 to May 2021.
2017
400kcable installation project in the and Belgium
400kcable installation project in the and Belgium
This project built an interconnecting transmission line between the and Belgium over a total length of 141.5 km including 130 km long under sea connection. and its subsidiary, J-Power Systems, will oversee the design, manufacture, installation, and maintenance of the transmission cable system. Please take a look at this project in our e-magazine "id".Basic Policy of Management
The Group, in accordance with the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles, shall strive to be a group of companies worthy of society's trust by conducting the business activities in an honest manner.
The Spirit
The Spirit grew out of the guiding principles set down by founder Masatomo in his "Monjuin Shiigaki" (the Aphorisms of Monjuin). This corporate spirit has been developed, deepened, and handed down over generations in the Family enterprise, and its essence was distilled in the Rules Governing the family established in 1882, and formulated into two business principles in 1891. Although there were some corrections to the wording, the Business Principles have been inherited with no change in the contents up to now.
Business Principles
Article 1
shall achieve prosperity based on solid foundation by placing prime importance on integrity and sound management in the conduct of its business.
Article 2
Sumitomo’s business interest must always be in harmony with public interest; shall adapt to good times and bad times but will not pursue immoral business.
萬事入精 Banji-nissei
Banji-nissei means “do your sincere best, not only in business, but also in every aspect of your life. ”Originating from the preamble of Monjuin Shiigaki, it speaks of the importance of sincerity in all human endeavors. Banji-nissei is a pivotal teaching in the Spirit. Accordingly, personnel are expected to work not only to make money, but also to cultivate their character and grow into better human beings.
信用確実 Shinyo-kakujitsu
The Business Principles Article 1 emphasizes the importance of integrity; that is, being worthy of the trust of others.
不趨浮利 Fusu-furi
In its first part, Article 2 speaks of the importance of working proactively, pursuing profit by quickly and appropriately responding to changes in society and not being content with the status quo. At the same time, Article 2 emphasizes the importance of harmonizing business gains with the public interest and scorns reckless or careless actions in pursuit of easy gain. While furi means easy, temporary or short-term gain, the term also implies unfair profit obtained through dishonest means.
In addition, the Spirit also includes the following principles.
Attaching Importance to Technology
Sumitomo’s original copper business centered on the nanban-buki (foreign-style) refining technique that at the time was the leading edge of smelting technology. Emphasis on using the newest technology and actively developing new technologies has been a driving force in the development of business from its very beginnings.
Respect for Human Resources
Discovering and nurturing superior human resources has always been the most important objective for managers, and the tradition that “people make the enterprise” remains in full force to this day.
Long-Range Planning
The spirit of Sumitomo’s business planning developed from the original copper refining operation’s view toward long-term and continuous business. realistic, long-term view of the future complemented by a wider perspective of country and society has guided managers for generations.
Mutual Prosperity, Respect for the Public Good
Sumitomo’s Director General Teigo Iba once said, “Sumitomo’s business must benefit not only itself but also the nation and society in general.” has always conducted business in harmony with the public interest based on the fundamental spirit of “gratitude toward society.”
Sumitomo's history and spirit are introduced on the following website.
Group Public Affairs Committee
(Established in June 1997)
Each company of the Group shall
Offer the very best goods and services to satisfy customer needs.
Build technical expertise, realize changes and strive for consistent growth.
Contribute to creating a better society and environment, with a firm awareness of our social responsibility.
Maintain high corporate ethics and strive to become a company worthy of society's trust.
Nurture a lively corporate culture that enables employee self-improvement.
The Group Charter of Corporate Behavior (Enacted on September 1, 2005)
The Group Charter of Corporate Behavior guides us, from the group directors to employees, in our actions. It identifies the objectives we should pursue with strong determination and commitment, and rules we should observe in all circumstances, so that we can act out the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles.
1. Provision of Useful and Safe Products and Services
We will aim to provide useful and safe products and services that will satisfy customers in all aspects including quality and cost.
2. Development of New and Original Businesses and Products
We will aim to develop new, original, and profitable businesses and products by using our unsurpassed creativity to meet customers' demands.
3. Growth and Development of the Group through Global Business Activities
We will strive for consistent growth of the Group by consistently conducting our businesses with a global perspective and taking full advantage of the Group's dynamic business operations.
4. Contribution to Preservation of the Global Environment
We will contribute to the construction of a sustainable society, taking voluntary and active initiatives to preserve the global environment.
5. Observance of Laws and Regulations
We will observe national and international laws and regulations and always act fairly and openly.
6. Fair and Proper Business Activities
We will promote fair, transparent, and free competition and sound trade.
7. Conduct as a Member of Society
We will contribute to creating a better society, with a firm awareness of our social responsibility as a "good corporate citizen."
We will maintain a strong stand against any force that threatens public order and safety.
8. Harmony with the International Community
As a corporate member of the international community, we will respect the culture and customs of every region of the world and contribute to the development of those regions.
9. Safe, Sound Workplace and Employees' Growth and Development
We respect the rights of all individuals and will endeavor to make our workplaces safe, sound and energetic.
We will strive to respect the personality and individuality of our employees and support their professional development and career to enable self-realization.
10. Disclosure of Relevant Information and Promotion of Communication with Society
We will aim to disclose appropriate corporate information to our various stakeholders, including shareholders.
We will also promote good communication with society through public information and hearings.