Contact Us Today
Contact us today for a highly efficient source of renewable energy that provides a source for both water heating and electricity needs. We’ll explain how our products, expertise and financing can impact and improve the way your business creates and uses energy.
Built upon state-of-the-art automated manufacturing technologies, and strong research and development (R&D) capabilities, is experienced and dedicated to providing technologies that promote the use of clean and renewable energy sources, including lighting  and solar products.
Suncore’s deep roots in the solar and lighting industries have established the company as a progressive and innovative international technology company. Continued improvement and further vertical integration, from solar cell to project financing, allows to provide unique and effective energy solutions around the globe.
Suncore’s dedication to the manufacturing and commercialization of next-gen solar technology has resulted in about 100 patents for its innovative ground-mounted, utility-scale solar systems with new ground-breaking intellectual property being generated each year. Additionally, regularly acquires state-of-the-art technologies and intellectual property allowing the company to be a leader in the global solar and lighting technology industries.
In addition to manufacturing, also provides full Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC) services as well as financing solutions. Full vertical integration as a technology provider through project development and financing solutions allows to provide exceptionally progressive and competitive energy solutions to its customers and partners worldwide.
Photovoltaics, Inc. (Suncore) was founded in 2010 and is located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. employs an experienced and knowledgeable R&engineering team covering everything from new product development to long term reliability and system monitoring. In addition to R&and engineering activities, the company also spearheads Suncore’s global sales and project development efforts providing competitive solar solutions to the world’s sunniest locations.
is owned by parent company San’an, the largest chip manufacturer in China and a major provider of chips globally. San’an is a world leader in the research and development, production of full-color, ultra-high brightness epitaxial products, chips, and multi-junction solar cells and high concentration photovoltaic products. The San’an team is composed of top talents in optoelectronic technology from the Unites States, Taiwan, Japan and mainland China, and has developed and acquired more than 200 invention patents and proprietary technologies.
company timeline:
2002: San’an forms a solar division for solar cell development
2010: was founded as a joint venture San’an and Emcore Corporation
2012: began production of solar modules
2012: San’an became the sole owner of 2012-2013: deployed over 150 utility scale solar projects
2013: Acquired Combined Heat & Power technology from Zenith Solar
2014: added products/service into its offering
2015: launched its vertical farm solutions.
2015: began offering ODM/service for its customers.
2016: unveiled the vertical farm research and testing laboratory in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Advantages
is a global technology and service provider dedicated to providing innovative solutions to the energy efficiency and renewable energy markets. manages a portfolio of cutting-edge technologies in energy efficiency and renewable energy generation.
From LEDs, to solar thermal and electric solutions, supports its clients with full turnkey solutions. Suncore’s experienced team is able to finance and build projects from full city street light retrofit project through contracts (Energy Saving Performance Contract), to utility-scale solar power plants.
Assisting customer through every step of the value chain from project financing to (Engineering Procurement and Construction) is a one stop shop for all customers looking for a true Turnkey worry free approach.
Site Links
Send
Sending