BIOMASS
has developed a unique and patented technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin fiber from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world’s increasing demand for biochemicals, bioplastics and biofuels.
BIOMASS
has developed a unique and patented technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin fiber from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world’s increasing demand for biochemicals, bioplastics and biofuels.
Sweetwater’s patented technology has proven to be exceptionally efficient at harvesting highly fermentable sugar and clean lignin fiber from various types of biomass.
Read up on the latest news and information on Sweetwater, or search past press releases and articles.
is proud to partner with several world-class companies to help bring efficient sugar extraction and clean lignin generation to the marketplace.
uses a unique technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world's increasing bioand biochemical demand.
has a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio of issued and pending patents. Sweetwater's highly efficient technology and process allows the company to produce very high quality sugars and unique, clean, non-sulphonated lignin fiber. Extensive testing with multiple third-party companies has proven that both our sugars and lignin shine as platform feedstocks for many final products.
US
Learn more about Sweetwater’s management team, our partners, careers, and our goal help build a more sustainable future.
US
Learn more about Sweetwater’s management team, our partners, careers, and our goal help build a more sustainable future.
owns patented technology that allows us to produce two unique and remarkable platform feedstocks for a broad array of products and applications that compete directly with products derived from petroleum and food grains. The two platform products are cellulosic sugars and clean non-sulphonated lignin fiber. Final products and applications from our sugars and lignin include: alcohol, industrial acids, plastics, pollution control media, and products for food, pharmaceuticals and cosmetics.
uses a unique technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world's increasing bioand biochemical demand.
has a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio of issued and pending patents. Sweetwater's highly efficient technology and process allows the company to produce very high quality sugars and unique, clean, non-sulphonated lignin fiber. Extensive testing with multiple third-party companies has proven that both our sugars and lignin shine as platform feedstocks for many final products.
USPARTNERS
is engaged in active partnerships with several world-class companies to commercialize and continue to build Sweetwater’s product portfolio.
Cranberry Capital lies at the intersection of Management acumen and financial expertise. With over 20 years of managerial and capital raising expertise, the principals bring insight rarely found in early stage investors. Cranberry invests in ideas that have the potential to be globally important and may face the challenges already experienced by their team. is proud to be a Cranberry Capital portfolio company.
NYSERDA, a public benefit corporation, offers objective information and analysis, innovative programs, technical expertise, and funding to help New Yorkers increase efficiency, save money, use renewable energy, and reduce reliance on fossil fuels.
uses a unique technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world's increasing bioand biochemical demand.
has a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio of issued and pending patents. Sweetwater's highly efficient technology and process allows the company to produce very high quality sugars and unique, clean, non-sulphonated lignin fiber. Extensive testing with multiple third-party companies has proven that both our sugars and lignin shine as platform feedstocks for many final products.
USToggle navigation
Search for:
HOME
About 
Management
Partners
Careers

Intellectual Property
Process
Products 
Clean Lignin
Industrial Alcohol
 Activated Carbon
Facilities
News
Contact
Sweetwater’s management team has a remarkable track record in growing technology companies from start up to multi-billion dollar revenue.
		
Sweetwater’s management team has a remarkable track record in growing technology companies from start up to multi-billion dollar revenue.
		
CHESONIS
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
BARON
President and Executive Vice President
WILSON
Chief Financial Officer
TUDMAN
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
CHESONIS
Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
POLITE
Chief Scientific Officer
HVISDAS
Senior Vice President Real Estate and Construction
PEARLMUTTER
Vice President of Intellectual Property
SHERWOOD
Vice President of Finance
uses a unique technology for producing low-cost sugars and clean lignin from multiple non-food plant materials to help meet the modern world's increasing bioand biochemical demand.
    
has a comprehensive intellectual property portfolio of issued and pending patents. Sweetwater's highly efficient technology and process allows the company to produce very high quality sugars and unique, clean, non-sulphonated lignin fiber. Extensive testing with multiple third-party companies has proven that both our sugars and lignin shine as platform feedstocks for many final products.
    
US
300 Trolley Blvd. 
 Rochester, 14606
Phone: 585-647-5760
© 2019  | All rights reserved. 
TECHNOLOGIES