Careers
Contact
SGI-DNA
Company
Our Story
Technology
Leadership
Medicines
Replicon
Cell Factories
Algae Biofuels
Cmax
Partners
Philosophy
Collaborators
Media and Investors
Press Releases
In the News
Events and Presentations
Publications
Careers
Contact
Menu
Advancing to Better Life
Harnessing the power of to answer the world’s greatest health challenges.
Dan Gibson at 2018
Dan Gibson, of Technology, spoke at 2018 about how the world’s first “biological teleporter” may change how medicines are delivered on-demand
Watch Video
RNA-Based Medicines for Complex Diseases
Enabling a new generation of vaccines and therapeutics to work with the human immune system.
Learn More
Cells Designed for Purpose
Optimizing biological systems to create new and better bio-based products that span industries.
Learn More
Transformative Partnerships
Collaborating with industry leaders for next-gen cell and system engineering.
Learn More
Who We Are
Shaping the future bioeconomy
Learn More
Work with Us
We’re here to make a difference
Learn More
In the News
Latest press releases and news
Learn More
 © 2018 Copyright Inc. All rights reserved
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Scroll to topis a San Diego biotechnology company harnessing the power of living cells — nature’s most efficient machines — to create transformative medicines and bio-based products. Our teams of data and biological engineers have developed the leading set of biology capabilities, tools, and intellectual property to design and build biological systems.
was founded in 2005 by pioneers Craig Venter, Ph.D., and Nobel Laureate Hamilton Smith, M.D., shortly after the completion of the Human Genome Project, which for the first time mapped the sequence of the human genome.
Today, we are on the front line of the next great revolution. By utilizing rapid advances in sequencing, computing, and bioinformatics — together with our foundational intellectual property and proprietary synthesis technologies — is partnering with industry-leading companies to reprogram cells for the next-generation of medicines and bio-based products.
Our lead R&programs focus on self-amplifying for vaccines and therapeutics and novel cell factories for discovery and biomanufacturing. Many of our innovations already are taking shape through our partnerships with industry-leading companies.
synthesis products and services, including the world’s first printer, are offered through our subsidiary, SGI-.
We are biologists and engineers who build bioproducts from We take apart and put it back together to understand how it works. We can edit and program DNA, just like coders program a computer. But our “apps” are very different.
Technology
At Genomics, we think of a genome as the operating system of life, with cells containing the hardware to “boot up” the genome. To reprogram cells for added or improved function, data is our blueprint. Every product, solution, and innovation we create starts with data.
We have sequenced and annotated thousands of genomes of different organisms from around the globe. Using our integrated technology platform, including our proprietary Archetype ® genomic sequence annotation platform, we analyze and visualize complex datasets — distilling specific genomic information and phenotypic predictions into actionable information. This advanced and cell-engineering approach, combined with a tool chest of genome design and biology tools, creates the inside.
Characteristics and functions of all biological entities, including viruses and living cells, are written into the code of These entities can be reconstructed if we can read and write the sequence of their code. Our proprietary tools and capabilities enable us to engineer nearly any type of cell or design and build genes and pathways.
continues to build on its legacy of scientific firsts
founded by Craig Venter, Ph.D., and Nobel Laureate Hamilton Smith, Using reprogrammed cells as bio-factories, founders sought to provide transformative new products across industries.
First Genome Transplanted
First bacterial genome transplantation. As a key proof of principle in biology, the project was an important step towards realizing the ultimate goal of creating a organism that can solve global health and sustainability challenges.
First Bacterial Genome Synthesized
Created the largest man-made structure. This genome was regarded as a striking technical accomplishment and formed the groundwork of Genomics’ biology platform.
Isothermal Assembly
This assembly method, first published in Nature Methods , can be used to seamlessly construct and natural genes, genetic pathways, and entire genomes, and could be a useful molecular engineering tool.
First Cell Created
Developed the first self-replicating cell, a bacterial cell that was designed in the computer and brought to life through chemical synthesis, without using any pieces of natural This enables the development of many important cell-based applications including vaccines, pharmaceuticals, biofuels, and food products.
Flu Vaccine
Responding to a global health threat posed by the H7N9 bird flu, developed a approach that rapidly generated a vaccine seed from downloadable sequence data.
Automated DNA, RNA, and Protein Production
Genomics’ BioXp System releases its cloning module. This new capability automates and expedites cloning, a procedure used in nearly every academic and commercial molecular biology laboratory worldwide.
Engineered Phage
Developed “supercharged” phages, a type of virus, to combat antibiotic-resistant strains of Pseudomonas, a bug that causes skin infections, sepsis, and potentially-fatal pneumonia.
First Minimal Cell
Built the first minimal bacterial cell. This is the smallest genome of any organism that can be grown in laboratory media. This feat leads to new tools and semi-automated processes for whole genome synthesis, aiding in more efficient development of biologic drugs.
LeadershipPhilosophy
Cells have evolved over billions of years to become highly efficient at making biological products. Imagine the possibilities if we could reprogram cells’ internal machinery to further enhance or modify their function with a specific purpose in mind. That’s what we do.
Together with our partners, creates transformative medicines and bio-based products. Our strategic collaborations support innovations in the areas of RNA-based vaccines and therapeutics, automated and production, and biotherapeutic discovery and manufacturing.
Each partnership is a true collaboration: Our partners bring an intimate knowledge of their customers and markets, from regulatory requirements to commercialization pathways. We bring the ability to design and build biology for function, enabled by world-leading expertise in genomics, virology, and cell engineering.
Using our replicon platform to develop lower-dose, next-generation vaccines for livestock.
Developing naturally occurring and conventionally modified algae strains for use in algae-based biofuels.
Applying replicon technology toward the design and development of novel RNA-based medicines for infectious diseases.
Within 12 hours, we synthesized in response to H7N9 flu epidemic scare and worked with Novartis to manufacture influenza vaccine seeds.
Used precision genome engineering tools for improved xenotransplantation, using pigs as an essentially unlimited source of organ donors.
© 2018 Copyright Inc. All rights reserved