Content Type
Helping Clients Create the Future
Mentors Inspire Kids to Study STEM
The goStudent Technology Awareness Program inspires the workforce of the future.
Aman Mehta
Aarthi Subramanian
Ganapathy Subramaniam
Ramakrishnan
Chandrasekaran
Non-Independent, Non-Executive
Natarajan Chandrasekaran is Chairman of the Board of Sons, the holding company and promoter of more than 100 operating companies with aggregate annual revenues of more than $100 billion. He joined the Board of Sons in October 2016 and was appointed Chairman in January 2017.
Rajesh Gopinathan is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of (TCS), a leading global solutions and consulting firm. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in February 2017 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer since 2013.
Mr. Aman Mehta graduated from Delhi University with an Economics degree in 1967. He has over 36 years of experience in various positions with the Group, from where he retired in January 2004 as CEO, Asia Pacific.
Independent Non-Executive
Dr. Ron Sommer began his professional career with the Nixdorf Group in New York, Paderborn and Paris. In 1980, he was appointed as Managing Director of the German subsidiary of the Sony Group. In 1986, he became Chairman of the Management Board of Sony Deutschland and was subsequently appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Sony Corporation of America in 1990.
Mr. Bhatt is a graduate in Science and a post graduate in English Literature. He has served as Chairman, State Bank Group, which includes State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest commercial bank; five associate banks in India; five overseas banks; Life, the country’s largest private life insurer; Capital Markets, India’s leading investment bank; Fund Management; and other subsidiaries spanning diverse activities, from general insurance to custodial services.
Non-Independent, Executive
Ganapathy Subramaniam (NGS) is the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of since February 2017. He is also an Additional Director and Chairman of Elxsi since November, 2014. Prior to taking over the COO’s role he served as the Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Solutions, a strategic business unit of TCS.
Ms Aarthi Subramanian is the Group Chief Digital Officer at Sons reporting to the Group Executive Chairman. professional with over 28 years of experience in the global technology sector. Ms Subramanian started her career with (TCS) and worked in diverse roles in India, Sweden, the and Canada, thereby gaining rich experience in consulting engagements and management of large-scale technology programs as well as operations.
Independent Non-Executive
Dr. Pradeep Kumar Khosla, an internationally renowned electrical and computer engineer, is the eighth Chancellor of the University of California, San Diego, and a distinguished professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computer Science and Engineering.
Independent Non-Executive
Ms. Hanne Birgitte Breinbjerg Sorensen is a Danish national, born in 1965 and holds an MSc in Economics and Management from the University of Aarhus.
Independent Non-Executive
Mr. Keki Mistry, born in 1954, holds a Bachelor's Degree in Commerce from the Mumbai University and is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. In 1975, he began his career with Ferguson & Co, followed by short stints with Hindustan Unilever Ltd. and Indian Hotels Company Ltd. He brings with him nearly four decades of varied work experience in the Banking & Financial domain.
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Rajesh Gopinathan is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of (TCS), a leading global solutions and consulting firm. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in February 2017 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer since 2013.
Non-Independent, Executive
Ganapathy Subramaniam (NGS) is the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of since February 2017. He is also an Additional Director and Chairman of Elxsi since November, 2014. Prior to taking over the COO’s role he served as the Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Solutions, a strategic business unit of TCS.
Chief Financial Officer
Ramakrishnan (“Ramki”) was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of in February 2017. Ramki has over 35 years of experience in various aspects of finance including management of financial operations, governance, compliance and internal controls.
and Head, Global Human Resources
Ajoyendra Mukherjee (or Ajoy as he is better known) is Executive Vice President and Head of Global Human Resources. As scales up beyond 300,000 professionals, Ajoy is playing a key role to ensure that the global human resources function is continually responding to the challenges and opportunities of a dynamic industry. As a member of the leadership team of the company, he has been driving initiatives to build a skilled and culturally-diverse global workforce.
All
Facebook
Google+
Instagram
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Go
@TCS
13 hours ago
@TCS
Last month we launched Pace™ to take research and innovation offerings to the next level. Here are a few insights into why we launched the program. ##research #digital #innovation https://t.co/0x9aWfDmcW
17 hours ago
@TCS
Earlier this year we had a three-year partnership with TEDxAmsterdam to provide a platform for the next generation of independent thinkers to help drive the Fourth Industrial Revolution. #FutureForward ##Robotics Watch the video to know more! @TCS_Europe https://t.co/Y3ZliQBUXA
21 hours ago