toggle menu
About us
The Science
Our Products
Clinical Trials
Leading Alzheimer's innovations through pioneering science and research
leader in Alzheimer's disease research, TauRx's mission is to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products for the diagnosis, treatment and cure of neurodegenerative diseases caused through protein aggregation.
Clinical Trials
LUCIDITY, a new clinical trial examining the effects of LMTX
®
 in patients with mild Alzheimer’s disease, is now underway. 
Find out more
Pioneering Science
The tangle pathway is a key driver of Alzheimer’s disease leading to loss of neuronal function, spread of pathology and clinical symptoms. 
Find out more
About proteins
TauRx’s aggregation inhibitors are the outcome of nearly 30 years of research, preclinical and clinical investigations. 
Find out more
Our products
Through TauRx’s technology platform, the company is continuing to discover and develop new treatments and diagnostic compounds.  
Find out more
Lastest News
grants orphan-drug designation…
December 2018
Read More
Bringing Alzheimer’s in from…
August 2018
Read More
See all news and press > 
Partner with TauRx
News & Press
Jobs
Contact
© Copyright TauRx From initial discovery through preclinical development to clinical trials, regulatory submission and product registration, we are harnessing world-class proprietary drug discovery platforms with the aim of halting the progression of Alzheimer’s and other neurodegenerative diseases with innovative treatments and diagnostics.
The company’s novel aggregation inhibitors (TAIs) target the formation (aggregation) of protein ‘tangles’ in the brain. The spread of tangles – the main driver in Alzheimer’s disease – is strongly correlated with dementia and they can develop in the brain up to 20 years before symptoms associated with dementia develop. TAIs work by dissolving existing aggregates and preventing the further aggregation of protein from forming new tangles.
Our lead compound, LMTX®, inhibits aggregation of tau, synuclein, TPD-43 and huntingtin proteins. Patented as a novel chemical entity and chemically distinct from TauRx’s initial research compound, rember®, LMTX® has shown promise for slowing disease progression in Alzheimer’s disease and behavioural variant frontotemporal dementia.
Three LMTX® Phase 3 clinical trials, conducted in over 20 countries and involving over 1,900 patients, have recently completed. For a summary of the programme and study results, please follow this link . 
Following these Phase 3 trials, TauRx has started a new clinical trial, named For further information, and to understand the eligibility criteria for the trial, or to find a site close to you, please use the following link: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03446001?term=TRX0237&rank=5
TauRx and LMTX