Assess Performance, Benchmark Best Practices and Corporate Governance
480-998-1081
Products
Index ™
Audit Committee Index ™
Compensation Committee Index™
Governance Committee Index ™
Director Index™
Protiviti® Risk Oversight Meter™
Fiduciary Index™ module
Norwegian Index™
Benefits
Testimonials
Methodology
Small Sample Methodology
Validation
Partners
News
Articles
Company
Management Bios
Contact
Login
Company
You can Build a Better Can Show You How
can make or break your business. Using industry’s first and only accredited web-based solutions for education and evaluation, Institute’s validated tools are proven to improve effectiveness of your board, your committees, and your company.
Your better is just a few clicks away.
Applying New Thinking to Evaluation Process
provides directors with independent, world-class evaluation tools to assess, enhance, educate and benchmark effectiveness of their boards, committees and directors. As a director, you must be able to assess your board’s strengths, weaknesses and opportunities based on a valid industry standard.
Created in collaboration with leading market experts in evaluation, survey research and governance, our scientific, accredited and comprehensive solutions will provide you with a clearer understanding of how your is performing, will enhance your entire evaluation process, deliver targeted education, and ultimately lead to improved corporate governance and better financial results.
We understand risks faced by members. Those who ignore best practices for effective management do so at their own peril. Those who improve their boards will reap rewards of higher performance.
We provide a diagnostic system to help directors stay current, identify priorities, and benchmark effectiveness of your board. Now, you can fulfill assessment and director education mandates with a single, easy to use, independent, web-based solution.
Let us show you how.
Founded:
July 2002
Headquarters:
4350 East Camelback Road, Suite B200, Phoenix, Arizona 85018
Contact Us
PHONE: 480-998-1081
EMAIL: 
Inc.
Recent Posts
John Boehner’s ‘Evolution’ On Marijuana Could Come With Huge Payday – For Him And Weed Industry
BlackRock Larry Fink’s Annual Letter to CEOs
Vanguard Open Governance Letter to Companies
How Private Equity Can Help Build Your Of Directors
Case for Global Boards
Links
FAQ
Resources
Client Login
Contact  Your Name (required)
 Your Email (required)
 Subject
 Your Message
Free demo