About Us
Careers
Press room
Give to Jax
About Us
Careers
Press room
Give to Jax
Home
About Imagine a world free of devastating disease.  world where cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's – many of conditions that undermine human health – are understood and can be stopped.
Imagine a world free from devastating disease
world where where 
cancer
, 
diabetes
, 
Alzheimer’s
 — many of conditions that undermine human health — are understood and can be stopped.
At (JAX), we apply passion, innovation and ever-increasing precision to make this vision a reality. We are accelerating disruptive scientific breakthroughs tailored to needs of individual patients and closing in on genetic and molecular courses of disease. We also 
educate current and future scientists
 and empower global biomedical community by providing critical resources, data, tools and services. 
has its mammalian genetics headquarters in 
Bar Harbor, Maine
; a Genomic Medicine institute in 
Farmington, Conn
.;
 and facilities in 
Sacramento, Calif.
 and Ellsworth, Maine. 
use of mice in biomedical research has contributed dramatically to medical progress.
Research Partnerships
For inquiries about collaborating with research, please contact 
Bormann, Vice President for Translational Science and Network Alliances
. 
Learn
Facts and Financials
Connect
Social Media Directory
Visit
Tour Schedule
Our Mission
To discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower global biomedical community in shared quest to improve human health. 
Leadership
Our leadership team drives strategic direction of organization. As a nonprofit organization, is governed by its Board of Trustees.
Careers
Join and help lead search for cures through genetics, genomics and precision medicine.  We invite all interested scientists to submit applications for faculty positions.
Accelerating Discovery
is leading search for cures through science of genetics, genomics and precision medicine. Learn more about how Laboratory’s scientists are accelerating discovery.
Cancer/Tumors
Precision medicine
Leukemia
Breast Cancer
Our mice, our hope
For more than a century, scientists have used mouse as a genetic model of human being to understand our fundamental biology and to identify and test better treatments and cures for most devastating diseases.
By Numbers 
90
Years
2,200+
Employees
75+
Principal Investigators
1
Mission
Give to JAX
Research and Faculty
Support education of tomorrow's scientists
Support cutting-edge technology and resources
Your gift to supports our mission to discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower global biomedical community in our shared quest to improve human health.
Make a Gift
Related
Bar Harbor, Maine 
Our 43-acre Bar Harbor campus is nestled between Gulf of Maine and mountains of Acadia National Park. Scientists here research the...
Farmington, Connecticut 
Genomic Medicine sits on a 17-acre site on campus of University of Connecticut Health Center. Scientists here investigate how...
Our Research 
Research overview of Isabela Gerdes Gyuricza 
I'm interested in using computational biology to understand how genetic variation influences diseases and aging.
Whole Scientist 
Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
Whole Scientist 
Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
Whole Scientist 
EVENT: Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
Postdoctoral Scholars 
Scholar award offers exceptional early-career scientists opportunity to develop their independent research program at The...
PostBacc at 
one- to two-year research and education program for students intending on pursuing an advanced degree in science or...
PostBacc at 
one- to two-year research and education program for students intending on pursuing an advanced degree in science or...
Rawan Olayan, Ph.
Model disease through aligning human-mouse phenotype data : case study in Alzheimer disease (AD)
Mouse Genome Informatics 
International database resource for mouse, providing integrated genetic, genomic, and biological data. 
Palucka Lab 
Studying mechanisms of human immunity and developing cancer immunotherapies.
Patsy Nishina, Ph.
Employs mouse models of human eye disease to study gene function and mechanisms underlying disease pathology.
Gregory Carter, Ph.
Develops computational strategies using genetic data to understand complex genetic systems involving multiple genes and environmental...
Nishina Lab 
Employs mouse models of human eye disease to study gene function and mechanisms underlying disease pathology.
Space
Quick Links
Contact
Donate
Subscribe
Utility Menu
Home
Careers
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Send Feedback
Research Centers
Mouse Genome Informatics
Mouse Phenome Database
Leading search for
tomorrow's cures
Follow
Follow on 
Facebook
Follow on 
Twitter
Follow on 
LinkedIn
Follow on 
YouTube
Follow on 
Instagram
©2018 Choose other country or region
France
Germany
UK
We use cookies to give you best online experience.
By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. 
ok
Privacy policy