More than 150 years of quality engineering for our customers.
Eberhard Manufacturing
leader in custom-engineered industrial, vehicular and specialty hardware. Eberhard's                                 extensive product line of over 5,000 parts offers customers items such as t-handles,                                 hinges, paddle latches, rotary latches, grab handles, and vents.
Velvac
Velvac is a leading supplier of vision systems and components to heavy and medium duty truck OEMs, recreational and specialty vehicle OEMs, and over 4,000 aftermarket distribution locations in North America.
provider of engineering expertise, technology, and manufacturing capabilities, able to                                 design and produce highest quality locks and security products for most                                 demanding applications and budget requirements.
Security Products
global manufacturer and supplier of Padlocks, Cabinet Door Locks, Desk Drawer Locks,                                 Cam Locks, Electrical Panel Board Locks, Enclosure Locks and other specialty lock                                 products.
leading manufacturer of lightweight composite panels and panel systems.
An AS9100/ISO-9001 certified electronics manufacturing solution provider.  One of New England's first shops, contract manufacturing high quality custom engineered electronics; still revolutionary in Connecticut!
world leader in development, design and manufacture of high quality products from                                 raw castings to finished products.
Quality Products
Our commitment to quality means that we consistently provide products and services that                                 meet or exceed your expectations.
Custom Engineering
Whether you want to make a simple change to a product or you need a custom designed                                 solution, our engineers have years of experience to support your applications.
Innovation
We innovate to bring you novel solutions that meet new requirements and market needs.
WE’YOU
Join Team
At Eastern, we recognize role that each employee plays in achievement of our Company’s                         objectives. career at means you’ll work toward a goal of continuous improvement in                         everything you do. We are a Federal Contractor and proud to be an equal opportunity                         employer.
Investors
“We have started a new chapter in long history of                                 Company. We are focused on accelerating value creation for our customer and our                                 shareholders”
- August Vlak, President and CEOCompany Corporate Profile
Company, founded in 1858, is a manufacturer of industrial hardware, security products and metal castings. It operates from locations in U.S., Canada, MexiTaiwan and China.
Industrial Hardware
Industrial Hardware Group manufactures an extensive selection of latches, locks and other security hardware used throughout transportation and industrial sector of economy. Group includes Eberhard , Velvac , and Composite Panel Technologies . For more than 100 years, Eberhard has been an industry leader setting standard for high-quality hardware for a variety of applications, especially in transportation industry. Velvac is a leading supplier of vision systems and components to heavy and medium duty truck OEMs, recreational and specialty vehicle OEMs, and over 4,000 aftermarket distribution locations in North America. Composite Panel Technologies is leader in design and manufacturing of innovative panel system. Industrial Hardware Group offers strong engineering and manufacturing capabilities that enable it to address specialty applications and satisfy unique product requirements. With facilities in US, Canada, China and MexiGroup is a reliable source of product throughout North America.
Security Products
Security Products Group meets need for products that safeguard property and control access – a need that has become universal in today’s global economy. Greenwald Industries Division is a major manufacturer of coin acceptors and metering systems to secure cash used in self-service laundry facilities. Greenwald products are distributed throughout North and South America as well as in other areas of world. Their expanded product line also includes latest in “Smart Card” payment systems.
Illinois Lock Company / Security Products Division produces custom-engineered locks for a variety of original equipment manufacturers and is a leading producer of keyless locks sold under well-known brand names such as Sesamee, Presto and Huski. With our Asian Operations, World Lock, Dongguan Reeworld Security Products and World Security, Company can offer competitive pricing, service and delivery in a global economy.
Argo Transdata is a contract manufacturer of printed circuit board assemblies. Argo offers quick turnarounds and prototype builds as well as support and production quantities with Kanban releases.
Metal Products
Company’s Metal Products Group consists of Frazer & Jones Division. Frazer & Jones manufactures a range of industrial products as well as anchoring devices for supporting underground mine roofs.  This Division continues to be recognized leader in production of these critical safety devices for United States, Canadian and Australian mining industries.
CompanyGovernance
At Eastern, we believe that integrity is an invaluable asset and integral to Company’s future success.  We set high ethical standards for Company’s employees, officers and directors. In keeping with this belief and in recognition of its fiduciary responsibility to our shareholders, Board is dedicated to attaining high ethical standards in corporate governance.
Mr. James Mitarotonda, also known as Jim, co-founded Barington Capital Group in November 1991 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer, President, Principal, and Chairman. Mr. Mitarotonda serves as President and Chief Executive Officer at Barington Companies Investors and served as Chief Executive Officer at Barington/Hilco Acquisition Corp. from July 24, 2014 until May 1, 2015. He served as Chief Executive Officer at Costar Technologies, Inc. from January 1, 2004 to December 17, 2004 and its President from May 16, 2006 to December 17, 2004.  Mr. Mitarotonda was an Investment Banking Professional of Citigroup Inc. He co-founded Commonwealth Associates in May 1988. He served as Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman at Management Company Inc. From December 1984 to May 1988, he served as a Senior Vice President of Investments at Blair & Inc.
He has been an Independent Director of Schulman, Inc. since October 2005. He has been an Independent Director of Solutions Inc. since March 19, 2015. He served as Chairman of Pep Boys - Manny, Moe & Jack from July 2008 to June 2009. Mr. Mitarotonda served as a Director of Ebix, Inc. from January, 2015 to March 25, 2015. He served as a Director of Griffon Corporation from November 2007 to January 31, 2012. He served as a Director of Ameron International Corporation since March 30, 2011. He served as a Director of Costar Technologies, Inc. since September 11, 2003. He served as a Director of Register.com, Inc. since July 2003. He served as a Director of George Foreman Enterprises Inc. until May 19, 2004. Mr. Mitarotonda served as a Director of Sielox, Inc. He served as a Director of Gerber Scientific, Inc. since June 2010. He served as a Director at Corporation, Inc. from September 2002 to October 2006. He served as a Director of Jones Group Inc. since June 14, 2013.
He serves as a Member of Advisory Board of Prodos Capital Management He serves as Chairman of Business Advisory Board at Queens College. He  is a Member of Alumni Advisory Council of New York University's Stern School of Business. He is a Director of Friends of Green Chimneys. Mr. Mitarotonda was a Co-Chairman of Membership of Gotham Chapter of Young President's Organization.
He holds an from New York University's Graduate School of Business Administration (now known as Stern School of Business) and graduated from Queens College with a degree in Economics.
Mr. Mitarotonda has been a Director of Company since 2015 and Company’s Chairman since 2016.
Michael McManus Jr.,  J.D.
Director, Chairman of Compensation Committee & Member of Audit Committee 
Mr. McManus has previously served on Board of Directors of Communications Satellite Corporation, Arrhythmia Research, National Wireless Holdings, American Home Mortgage and Guest Services.
He presently serves on Board of Directors of Novavax, Inc., a vaccine company, and served on Board of  Schulman, an international plastics and resins company.  He is on advisory board of Barington Capital, an activist investor.
In non-profit arena, Mr. McManus was on Board of American Freedom Foundation and served on Board of Directors of United States Olympic Committee from 1995-2003.  He is presently on Board of United States Olympic Foundation and served on Board of Lawrence Hospital Center in Bronxville, N.Y.
Mr. McManus received a in Economics from Notre Dame University and a from Georgetown Law Center.
Mr. McManus served in Army Infantry and received Army Commendation Medal and Distinguished Service Award.  He is  a recipient of Ellis Island Medal of Honor and was recently named a Top Of a Micro-Cap Company.
Mr. McManus has been a Director of Company since 2015
John Everets
Charles Henry
Mr. Charles Henry is a founding partner of Henry & Federer, He has practiced law in State of Connecticut since his admission to Bar in 1975. For a period of 20 years, he has been peer rated “AV” from Martindale-Hubbell , which is highest rating a lawyer can attain for his expertise and ethics.
Mr. Henry has served as a member of Board of Trust Committee of Colonial Bank, Bank of Boston Connecticut and Webster Bank. He also served as a founding Director of Capital Management Corporation of Northeast.  He also serves on Board of White Deer Rock Land Corporation and in past has served various positions on behalf of Waterbury Hospital, Chase Collegiate School and Connecticut Community Foundation where he is a past President.
Mr. Henry has been a Director of Company since 1989.
Frederick DiSanto
Fred DiSanto has been Chief Executive Officer of Ancora Group, a registered investment advisor since January 2006.  He became Chairman of Board in December of 2014.  Fred was former President and Chief Operating Officer of Maxus Investment Group from 1998 until December of 2000.  He was responsible for marketing, sales and financial operations.  Prior to Maxus, Mr. DiSanto was Managing Partner at Gelfand Partners Asset Management from 1991 until its merger with Maxus Investment Group in 1997.  He began his investment career in 1985 with McDonald Investments in Institutional Equity Sales.
In January 2001 Maxus was sold to Fifth Third Bank.  Mr. DiSanto served as Executive Vice President and Manager of Fifth Third Bank’s Investment Advisors Division overseeing Investment Management, Private Banking and Trust and Banking Services.
Mr. DiSanto is currently a Part Chair of Cleveland Film Commission and is on boards of Medical Mutual of Ohio, Case Western Reserve University, Lorain National Bank, Axia NetMedia Corporation, and Hann and Sons.  Previously, he served as chairman of Board at Regents of St. Ignatius High School and Greater Cleveland Sports Commission, where he is current Trustee.  Mr. DiSanto is a graduate of Case Western Reserve University with a degree in Management Science.  He received his from Weatherhead School of Management.
August Vlak
CompanyToggle navigation
Home
US
Corporate Profile
Leadership
Governance
Our Businesses
Overview
Argo Transdata
Security Products
Composite Panel Technologies
Eberhard Manufacturing
Frazer & Jones
Greenwald Industries
Illinois Lock Company
Velvac
Investor Information
Overview
Financial News
Stock Quote
Financial Reporting
Events & Presentations
Contact
Careers
Eberhard Careers
Velvac Careers
Meet Company Team
Company Leadership
Experienced Leadership
Our senior leadership team brings deep operational, finance and strategic know-how to create long term value for shareholders. In addition, all of our business are led by experienced leaders with extensive expertise in our operations, markets, and customers.
Senior Leaders
August Vlak
Chief executive officer & President
View Bio
Mr. August Vlak, also known as Gus, has been Chief Executive Officer and President at Company since January 1, 2016. He has been a management consultant and, most recently, a Senior Advisor to Barington Capital Group, Mr. Vlak's consulting work focused on growth strategy and operational performance improvement at more than 50 companies - including leading domestic and global industrial enterprises - where he has worked directly with numerous senior management teams and boards of directors. Mr. Vlak was a Consultant at McKinsey & Company, where he was a member of health care practice. He was an Investment Banker with Lehman Brother's Health Care Banking Group. Mr. Vlak holds a degree in Economics from Amherst College, where he was elected Phi Beta Kappa, and an from Stanford University.
John Sullivan III
Chief financial officer &  Vice President
View Bio
Mr. John Sullivan, has been Chief Financial Officer of Company since December 13, 2006 and has also been its Vice President since January 2, 2000. Mr. Sullivan served as Secretary of from April 26, 2000 to December 13, 2006 and also served as Treasurer from January 2, 2000 to December 13, 2006. Prior to that, he served as Corporate Controller of Eastern.
Company
Corporate Office
112 Bridge Street
Box 460
Naugatuck, Connecticut
Phone: (203) 729-2255
Fax: (203) 723-8653
Company
Corporate Profile
Leadership
Governance
Our Businesses
Careers
Investors
Overview
Financial News
Stock Information
Financial Reporting
Events & Presentations
Subscribe To Receive Email Alerts
Subscribe
© 2018 Company | Terms & Conditions
Responsive Web Design By Cynexis 