Tigo® is a Silicon Valley company founded in 2007 by a team of experienced technologists. Combining a unique systems-level approach with expertise in semiconductors, power electronics, and solar energy, the team developed the first-generation Smart Module Optimizer technology for the solar industry. Tigo's vision is to leverage integrated and retrofitted Flex (module-level power electronics) and communications technology to drive the cost of solar electricity down. By partnering with tier 1 module and inverter manufacturers in the industry, is able to focus on its key innovation with the smartest TS4 modular platform and leverage the broader ecosystem. has operations in the USA, Latin America, Caribbean, Europe, Japan, China, Australia and the Middle East. 
Our mission is to increase customer’s by delivering smart technology, designed to yield maximum harvest at minimal cost. 
Flex MLPE: pioneered the Flex architecture within the market as a cornerstone of the industries effort to convert every  module  to the Io(Internet of things). 
TS4 Platform: After years of research, development, testing and certification, brought the revolutionary  TS4 platform  to market. Known as the smartest module MLPE, the TS4 platform products fully support the Flex architecture. Tigo’s  modular TS4 platform  can be  selectively deployed  with different functionalities per module at different price points utilizing  Predictive (PIV) technology  to maximize harvest at minimal cost. The TS4 platform comes in  integrated solution  and  retrofit/add-on solution .
About :
Tigo® is a Silicon Valley company founded in 2007 by a team of experienced technologists. Combining a unique systems-level approach with expertise in semiconductors, power electronics, and solar energy, the team developed the first-generation Smart Module Optimizer technology for the solar industry. Tigo's vision is to leverage integrated and retrofitted Flex (module-level power electronics) and communications technology to drive the cost of solar electricity down. By partnering with tier 1 module and inverter manufacturers in the industry, is able to focus on its key innovation with the smartest TS4 modular platform and leverage the broader ecosystem. has operations in the USA, across Europe, Japan, China, Australia and the Middle East.
Site map
420 Blossom Hill Rd. Los Gatos, 95032 408.402.0802