Skip Navigation
Alert
×
Contact Us
News + Media
Careers
Giving + Support
Referring MDs
Our Pediatric Hospital
Site Search
Find a
myTuftsMedicalPatient Care 
+ Services
Research 
+ Clinical Trials
Training 
+ Education
About 
Visit Floating
Hospital for Children
Choose One
Patient
Family or Friend of Patient
International Patient
Referring Physician
Job Seeker
Researcher
Student
Donor
Departments + Services
View All Patient Care + Services
View All Departments
Conditions We Treat
Your Hospital Stay
Visitor Information
International Patient Services
Support Services
Paying Your Bill
myTuftsMedicalPatient Portals
Financial Assistance
Share Your Story
Patient Rights
Nursing
Close 
Research Institutes + Departmental Research
View All Research + Clinical Trials
Search Clinical Trials
About Research at Our Researchers
Careers + Opportunities
Partnerships + Collaborations
Research Offices + Contacts
Close 
Residencies + Fellowships
View All Training + Education
Meet Our Residents and Fellows
Training + Education at MC
Continuing Education
Libraries and Resources
Graduate Education Office
Staff Office
Close 
About Learn All About Who We Are
Helpful Phone Numbers
History of Locations + Directions
Share Your Story
Policies + Public Documents
Quality + Safety
Recent Awards + Recognitions
Volunteer Services
Close 
Close 
Tools
Share on facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on Google Plus
Share This
                var switchTo5x = false;
Print
Text
About An academic like no other. 
We offer the highest level of care and family support, while remaining committed to making new research advances and training the next generation of leaders in medicine.
Learn what makes us different
About Us
Innovations + Milestones
Who We Are
Awards + Recognition
History
Community Hospital Partnerships
Working Here
Careers
Physician Careers
Quality + Safety
Residency + Fellowship Training Programs
True Blue
Receiving Care Here
Helpful Phone Numbers
Locations and Directions
Request an Appointment
View all Departments + Services
Visitor Information
How Can We Help You Today?
View All
Departments
View All
Research
Institutes
View All
Training
Programs
Contact Us
Find Directions
Read Recent
News
News + Media
Boston Magazine honors 2019 “Top Doctors” at and Floating Hospital for Children.
See our Top Doctors
short ride home, a long-lasting impact
Read how Shannon went above and beyond for Chin
First in Boston to adopt HeartFlow analysis
Learn about the new diagnostic tool for heart disease
earns an "A" for patient safety
Learn more about the Leapfrog Hospital Safety Grade ratings
receives five-star rating
Learn more about the Birnbaum Quality Leadership Performance award from Vizient
New cashless co-pay policy as of Nov. 1
Learn more about the new outpatient payments accepted
Margaret McDonagh Gallagher's story
Read more about how Margaret is Always Thinking Ahead
Renowned hospitals join to strengthen cyber security in health care
Learn about the special certification for vendors
certified as an advanced comprehensive stroke Learn more about this accreditation 
Serpil’s story: Pregnant with epilepsy in a new country
Learn how cared for this international family
Ally Conway's story
Read why Ally came to the WWC
Michael Apkon, MD, Phnamed new of Learn more about Dr. Michael Apkon
researchers receive $8 million award to integrate targeted genomic sequencing into neonatal diagnosis and care 
Learn more about the award and research
Manyuen’s Story: Back on her feet
Read her story
New opioid misuse prevention guidelines
Read about how these guidelines are designed to prevent opioid misuse by patients admitted for care
500th heart transplant completed at MC
Learn about the history of heart transplants at MC
Emily's story: Starting the conversation on vitiligo
Learn how she shares her story with the world
Being awake during brain surgery? Dr. Liu prepares patients before the operation
Learn more about how we are anticipating brain surgery patients' needs
Hallmark Health Associates renamed Community Care
Learn about this growing partnership
Paul's story: From mild rosacea to a rare neurovascular disease
Learn how got him the care he needed
approval of kidney drug "a game changer" for patients like Claudia
Learn more about the clinical trials and how it helped Clauida
new approach: Treating seizures with lasers at 
Learn about this new approach for seizures
Keto Diet: Is burning fat for energy healthy? 
What is the Keto diet? Is it right for you? 
Clinical and Translational Science Institute (CTSI) receives a prestigious grant which provides five years of funding to University and Read about the grant
Carol S's story: Getting her life back with spine surgery.
Read Carol's story
Ryan's Story: tailored treatment plan
Read Ryan's journey to relieve his pain
Two research studies recognized in 2018 Clinical Research Forum Top Ten.
Learn more about their research
prev
next
Who We Are
History of Recent Awards + Recognitions
Share Your Story
Leadership
Quality + Safety
NEQCA: Our Affiliated Physicians in the Community
Clinical Affiliations
Community Health Improvement Programs
Helpful Phone Numbers
Locations + Directions
True Blue
Policies + Public Documents
Staff Office
Have a non-life-threatening emergency? Wait at home, not in the by using our check-in tool below.
Tell the Adult You're Coming
Select your estimated arrival time
Emergency Department
830 Washington Street
Map It
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Enjoy health updates for you and your family and learn more about Center’s services.
Sign Up
Stay Connected
facebook
twitter
google
pintrest
youtube
LinkedIn
instagram
800 Washington Street. Boston 02111 | 617-636-5000
is a proud member of 
Wellforce
, a health system in Massachusetts focused on supporting clinicians and helping them focus on what they do best: care for people.
We Work Together
is the principal teaching hospital of University School of Medicine.
Floating Hospital for Children is the full-service children's hospital of Center. 
New England Quality Care Alliance is the award winning, not for profit, physician network of Center.
© 2018 Employee Tools
For Vendors
Sitemap
Notice of Non-Discrimination
Privacy Policy
Terms + Conditions0 Share This 
History of Center's proud and distinguished tradition began in 1796, when a group of public-spirited Bostonians, including patriots Paul Revere and Samuel Adams, established the Boston Dispensary as the third permanent facility in the country and the first New England. The Dispensary’s founders funded tickets that enabled the city's poor to receive care; one of the original tickets signed by Revere can still be seen today at the Massachusetts Historical Society.
Providing care for the poor
Using the Bible’s “Good Samaritan” parable as its model, the Dispensary grew rapidly and continued to find new and innovative ways to care for the city’s underserved working and poor population. Some of the more notable innovations included: having volunteer doctors and nurses provide free visits to district residents that needed care; creating dental and nutrition clinics; and most famously, starting an evening clinic that was partially employer funded and was designed to treat the city’s “working poor.” The Boston Dispensary provided high-quality, patient-centered care, pioneering many new therapies and health care delivery improvements. It was the first to initiate a number of practices that are now commonplace today.
Emerging partnerships
Over the ensuing years, the Boston Dispensary developed mutually beneficial affiliations with a number of compatible institutions, most notably, its partnership with the Boston Floating Hospital for Children (New England’s first pediatric hospital) in 1930. At about the same time, the Dispensary became the primary teaching hospital for University’s and Dental schools. Then, in 1946, the 100-bed Pratt Diagnostic Clinic, the world’s largest clinic of its kind at the time of its opening, joined the partnership as well. In 1968, this set of affiliations was formerly organized as New England Center; in 2008, the name was shortened to Center, to better reflect the hospital’s close relationship with University.
Tradition of world-class care and research continued today
The current-day campus remains in the downtown Boston neighborhood where the original Boston Dispensary was founded over 200 years ago. is proud of its leadership role in America’s development of modern medicine. It continues to be molded by its historic mission, never losing the perspective of being a community based, world class adult and pediatric teaching and research hospital. It remains true to its mission statement which reads in part: “We dedicate ourselves to furthering our rich tradition of health care innovation, leadership, charity and the highest standard of care and service to all in our community.”
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Enjoy health updates for you and your family and learn more about Center’s services.
800 Washington Street. Boston 02111 | 617-636-5000
is a proud member of  Wellforce , a health system in Massachusetts focused on supporting clinicians and helping them focus on what they do best: care for people.
We Work Together
is the principal teaching hospital of University School of Medicine.
Floating Hospital for Children is the full-service children's hospital of Center. Visit floatinghospital.org
New England Quality Care Alliance is the award winning, not for profit, physician network of Center.
© 2018 Center0 Share This 
Who We Are
is an internationally-respected academic – a teaching hospital where we pride ourselves not only in the sophistication of the care we provide but the compassionate way in which we provide it. We care for all patients from the tiniest newborns at our full-service pediatric hospital, Floating Hospital for Children to centenarians in our specialized Geriatrics clinic.
Located in downtown Boston in Chinatown and the Theatre District, is  accessible  by Route 93, the Massachusetts Turnpike and the MBTA.
is the principal teaching hospital for  University School of Medicine . We conduct groundbreaking and health policy research and are in the top 15 percent of independent institutions receiving federal research funding.
We are rooted in our nation’s history
Center’s founding institution was the Boston Dispensary, established in 1796 by early American patriots including Paul Revere and Samuel Adams. This makes us the oldest permanent facility in New England and the third oldest in the country.  Floating Hospital for Children , our onsite pediatric hospital, began its life as a hospital ship in the Boston Harbor in 1894 before coming onshore permanently in 1931.
Nationally recognized care
stays relentlessly focused on delivering the highest quality care to all our patients. News & World Report ranks many of our physicians in the top 1% of all physicians nationally, and Boston Magazine recognizes our physicians in 41 different specialties in the Top Doctors edition. And we are proud to say that for two consecutive years, Boston Business Journal readers named us as a top health care brand in the region – one year in 1st place, another in 2nd.
We treat the whole family
is a 415-bed academic center, providing everything from routine and emergency care to the members of our Boston neighborhood to treating the most complex diseases and injuries affecting adults and children throughout New England.
Our full service children’s hospital, Floating Hospital for Children , offers advanced pediatric care to children of all ages, from babies born significantly before their due dates to maturing adolescents. We perform heart, kidney and bone marrow transplants, are a certified level trauma for adults and children, provide comprehensive neurological and neurosurgical care, and offer cutting-edge cancer treatments. Many of our 500+ physicians are named annually to the list of Boston’s Best Doctors in the Boston Business Journal and News and World Report.
Even with this breadth of expertise, our physicians are able to work easily as a team for patients with multiple complex health issues. Referring physicians, patients and family members are vital members of this multi-faceted team at and are intimately involved in care decisions.
Robust research program
Center’s expansive  research program includes groundbreaking bench research, clinical trials and developments in health policy. Our research activities are funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), private foundations, industry and private individuals. consistently ranks among the top 15 percent of the nation's independent hospitals to receive federal research funds. We have special expertise in molecular cardiology, molecular oncology, the long-term health impact pregnancy has on the mother and child and the cost-effectiveness of different treatment options.
Our mission of advancing knowledge and training students to become future investigators drives forward with one goal in mind - quickly turning innovative research into pioneering care. The  Clinical and Translational Science Institute is a federally-funded dedicated to reducing the time between discoveries in the lab and therapies for patients.
Partnering with the best physicians and top hospitals in the community
works closely with referring physicians and their community hospital partners to ensure that advanced care is offered in a location that is convenient for patients. and Floating Hospital for Children have affiliations with Hallmark Health System, Lawrence General Hospital, Lowell General Hospital, MetroWest and Signature Healthcare Brockton Hospital . Our physicians also travel to numerous other hospitals, cities and towns throughout the region to see patients close to their homes, and Floating Hospital for Children has specialty centers in Framingham, Lawrence, North Chelmsford and Woburn where children can see specialists for outpatient care.
Our affiliated 1,600-physician network, the New England Quality Care Alliance , includes 1,100 doctors who provide care to patients throughout eastern Massachusetts, as well as the 500+ physicians on the faculty. NEQCA’s primary care physicians care for more than 550,000 patients. University HealthSystem Consortium’s Quality and Accountability Study ranks among the top 20 academic centers in the nation for efficiency.
Teaching the next generation of top physicians
As the principal teaching hospital of University School of Medicine , we play a key role in training the next generation of physician leaders. After school, many of the nation’s top graduates are attracted to our residency and fellowship programs : we offer 43 programs accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Education. Our alumni have gone on to become leaders in clinical care, research, industry and education.
Our mission
We strive to heal, to comfort, to teach, to learn, and to seek the knowledge to promote health and prevent disease. Our patients and their families are at the of everything we do. We dedicate ourselves to furthering our rich tradition of health care innovation, leadership, charity and the highest standard of care and service to all in our community.
Get to know us
Ever wonder what sets and Floating Hospital apart? We’re committed to healthcare excellence. We focus on collaboration with community partners. Our researchers do nationally-recognized work.
Sign up for the e-newsletter, e-CheckUp to learn more about the latest news, advances and happenings in healthcare and at MC.
Sign Up for Our Health E-Newsletter
Enjoy health updates for you and your family and learn more about Center’s services.
800 Washington Street. Boston 02111 | 617-636-5000
is a proud member of  Wellforce , a health system in Massachusetts focused on supporting clinicians and helping them focus on what they do best: care for people.
We Work Together
is the principal teaching hospital of University School of Medicine.
Floating Hospital for Children is the full-service children's hospital of Center. Visit floatinghospital.org
New England Quality Care Alliance is the award winning, not for profit, physician network of Center.
© 2018 Center