Powerful solutionsince 1984
400000 WORLD.
Long term industrial partner
ian independent manufacturer of battery chargers, lithium-ion batterieand systemfor industrial use. The busineswastarted up in 1984 and itoday market leader in northern Europe for battery chargerin forklift truck applications. We benefit from the vertical integration in our organization, whereawe keep control of all important stepof the production proces– including the manufacturing of the control cardand the testing/quality control of the final product. The Group irun by operative owners, which guaranteecontinuity, quality and know-how in all the companies.
Our customerare found all over the world and the global succescomefrom long term commitment and responsibility.
Research and development
Around 30 engineerwork at our R&centrein Sweden and Finland. The centreare all equipped with test facilitiefor measurementand we are also able to test all kindof moisture and hot/cold conditionin lab environment. We can also simulate variationin voltage and frequency.
High priority igiven to research and development within the Group.
Short factEstablished 1984
Torbjörn Gustafsson
Chairman of the Board Jan Sandberg                                                                                                                                                           
Ångaren Thor, steamer from 1887 operating on Lake Helgasjön, nearby Micropower'head office in Växjö.
Financial info about owneria profitable, privately owned group. number of operative ownermaintain a majority of the share capital, and a number of key personwithin the different companieown minor shares. Several other employeealso own shares. One target ito offer the shareholdera good yield through dividend. Another ito return part of the profit to the employeein different ways.
The Board for the Group
Vision
We intend, with a strong brand name, innovative product development, efficient customer support, competitive production and distribution, to be market leaderon advanced high frequency battery chargerand innovative power supply solutions.
We shall be market leaderon advanced high frequency battery chargerand innovative power supply solutions.
History
An ever-present entrepreneurial spirit and a conviction that quality at every moment payoff, hacharacterized the history of Micropower. Ever since the first day, focused work, supplemented with curiosity, creativity and responsivness, hamade the brand widely known in North America, Asia and Europe. It all started off in a small garage in the village of Tävelsås, province of Småland, Southern Sweden, in April 1984, whenaThomaSvensson, TomaLindgren and Bengt Gylling decided to revolutionize the battery charger business.
Most of Micropower´activity and head office ilocated in Växjö.
understand