Today.
is a global leader in high-performance specialty fibers and inorganic materials used in high-temperature industrial, automotive, and fire protection applications. Our purpose, mission and values  are based on our commitment to produce high-quality products that help our customers save energy, reduce pollution, and improve fire safety.
The spirit of innovation that began more than 75 years ago with our Fiberfrax® ceramic fiber product line continues today. Our revolutionary new offerings, like low bio-persistent fiber products and new high-performance materials, are designed to provide innovative heat management solutions. Today, we champion emerging technologies, from electric vehicle battery protection and new solar power storage applications to advanced cryogenic insulation media for storage of cryogenic liquids. Our products are used to solve countless application problems across many industries, including chemical processing, power generation and storage, ceramic and glass, fire protection, aerospace, appliance, hearth, automotive, and transportation. 
employs more than 2,300 people worldwide, with our corporate headquarters located in Buffalo, New York. We have 31 manufacturing facilities in 12 countries and a sales presence in all of the world’s major industrial regions, including North America, South America, Europe, Australia, Asia, and South Africa. We comply with all applicable environmental laws and requirements of the countries we operate in. All our manufacturing facilities have achieved current certifications and comply with all appropriate quality standards expected for the production of high-temperature specialty materials.
is committed to customer satisfaction, supplying quality products that meet our customers’ application challenges while maintaining the strong spirit of innovation that has always been a hallmark of our business. Our knowledgeable technical support, application engineering services, and outstanding customer service continue to be cornerstones of our success.
history of growth and innovation.
1891
1942
1993
Introduction of  Insulfrax low bio‑persistent fiber, with enhanced solubility
1996
1998
Revolutionary new Isofrax fiber is introduced, to meet European regulatory requirements
2000
focuses on emission control products for the automotive industry
2006
2011
2013
2015
2017
2018
builds a new, state‑of‑the‑art facility to manufacture emission control products in Tonawanda, N.Y.
To produce high‑quality specialty fiber products that help our global customers save energy, reduce pollution, and improve fire safety.
Our mission.
To be the worldwide provider of high‑performance specialty fiber materials and solutions. 