US
1-877-486-9273
 Company
About Us
Contact Us
We Are  At VMware, we believe that software has the power to unlock new opportunities for people and our planet. We look beyond the barriers of compromise to engineer new ways to make technologies work together seamlessly. Our software forms a digital foundation that powers the apps, services and experiences that are transforming the world. 
Celebrating 20 Years of Innovation
This year, celebrates 20 years as an industry pioneer. When the company launched in February 1998, we transformed the data center forever by mainstreaming virtualization, the core principle of cloud computing. Twenty years later, we remain just as focused on innovating in everything we do, and committed to solving the most difficult technology problems for our customers. We apply the same principles of virtualization and software innovation to securely connect, manage and automate the world's complex digital infrastructure. And there's so much more to come.
We see opportunity to apply those principles to growing technology areas like IoT, edge computing, and AI, amongst others. We are optimistic about the power of technology to be a force for good, with the potential to solve the big societal problems of today and tomorrow. Software, as we see it, has the power to transform business and humanity. We're here to make that happen.
Explore Our Interactive Timeline
The Story

Working at Are you passionate about virtualization technology innovation and collaboration? Join the team and help us drive the new era of IT.
Search Jobs 
(1:50)
Shared Values. It's EPIC2
people share a strong set of shared values. This is the story of how we found them within ourselves, how they inform what we do, and how we will use them in our journey together.
Watch Now 
NEWS
View All News 
EVENTS
Aug
26
VMworld 2018 US 
View All Events >
LEADERSHIP
Pat Gelsinger
Chief Executive Officer
View Profile 
Maurizio Carli
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales
View Profile 
Zane Rowe
Chief Financial Officer
View Profile 
 view all executive profiles 
INFO 
Acquisitions
See the complete list of our strategic acquisitions that help us expand and enhance our product lines. 
Company Merchandise
Buy apparel and gifts.
Briefing Center
Visit one of our global centers to realize new possibilities to solve your business challenges.
Sustainability
We strive to reduce our carbon footprint outside the data center, too, including food composting, reducing power and water usage and using reclaimed materials in our buildings.
Inner Circle
Be part of an elite group of people who are influencing our future. Go behind the scenes at to share your thoughts and experiences. 
Office Locations
Find out the locations of our offices around the world. 
RADIUS
Get news, insights, perspectives and thought leadership that keep you ahead of the curve. 
Supplier Diversity
Learn about VMware’s commitment to Supplier Diversity and how to register your certified diverse company with us.
Foundation
Learn about the Foundation and how we help amplify the contributions of our employees.  
Contact Us
Inc.
Email Us
Visit the Briefing Center
Office Locations
RELATIONS 
Stock Information
See current stock quotes and see historical trends, including volume and prices. 
Filings
Download or view filings. 
Financial Information
Review quarterly reports, income statements and earnings release reconciliations. 
© 2016 VMware, Inc
Terms of Use
Privacy
Accessibility
Site Map
Trademarks
Glossary
HelpCloud Operation Services
Research and the Academic Program bring industry researchers, university faculty and students together to explore new directions for the industry. Together, we develop extraordinary ideas and build tomorrow’s transformative technologies today.
PROGRAMS
Innovative Research with a Global Footprint
At Research, we develop ideas that push the boundaries of technology. We fuel innovations that influence our company, our customers, and our world.
Shaping the World of Tomorrow
Disruptive thinking needs to be nurtured. collaborates with the world’s leading faculty to develop and incubate innovative research approaches, and to accelerate the transformation of ideas into world-class technology solutions.
Explore Your Future with Us
Build Your Skills
Academy allows university faculty, technical instructors and secondary education teachers to deliver authorized courses. Students can jump-start their career and knowledge by taking courses from authorized Academies. Courses are offered through:
global network of colleges and universities
Online certification opportunities
Explore Our Resources
Enrich your technical knowledge and stay ahead of the curve by taking advantage of free resources and opportunities – developer tools, open source projects, apps, and more.