[foh-ton-iks]
Noun: the study and technology of the use of light for the transmission of information.
[op-toh-i-lek-tron-iks]
Voxtel, Inc. is a leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of innovative photonic and advanced 3imaging technologies; these include and receivers, eye-safe laser rangefinders, “low noise, high gain” avalanche photodiode devices, and ROICs, which we provide to consumer, industrial, and military system integrators. We are highly vertically integrated, with the in-house mastery of detectors, laser sources, readout circuits, optics, and electronics required to optimize performance at low cost. Our innovative products—developed efficiently and delivered on time—enable large, breakthrough opportunities for our customers.
July 25, 2017
Inc. has been awarded the first phase of a potential $5.2 million contract by the Defense Advanced Research... Read more
December 18, 2018
has released a series of technical notes on laser ranging: Effective Range: The effective range of a laser... Read moreFor almost two decades, has maintained focus on innovating laser ranging, ladar, and lidar technologies. Today, no other company has our level of experience, in-house technological expertise, end-to-end component design and system engineering, electro-optical manufacturing capabilities, and application domain knowledge.
Privately held and headquartered a few miles west of Portland in Beaverton, Oregon, was founded in 1999. The core team has worked together and has an impressive legacy of innovation and technical leadership dating to the 1980s, built atop a firm foundation of exceptional engineering and an unwavering commitment to innovation and product excellence.
Not only does create great products, we bring them to market in a way that reduces product development time and cost for our customers, enhancing their competitive edge. Our balance of stability and flexibility also allows us to successfully navigate even the most complex project needs, including: custom design, material growth, device fabrication, packaging, camera electronics, and turnkey systems.
Voxtel, Inc: Expert technical leadership. Continual creative innovation. Commitment to customer satisfaction. Look forward with us.