Xena is one of the leading service providers in and Canada. We have been early adapters of cutting edge technology since our initiation. We dedicate ourselves to quality and undoubtedly are early adopters of cutting edge providing professional solutions to large enterprise specializing in Database technologies, Replication technologies, Middleware technologies, Enterprise Application Servers, Application Performance Monitoring and Appliance based Technology. We also help your business requirements by assisting you with strategic directions and roadmaps from mid to senior management through our veteran personnel who are experts, well experienced specialists in relevant fields in order to provide supreme detailed solutions architecture to support your ongoing business challanges.
At Xena Technologies, the developers are highly skilled, experienced and glowingly utilizes oracle to its greatest whilst been in par with the industries latest technology and standards. We are early adapters of cutting edge technologies, in order to full fill the needs of our customer’s, we focus on quality and superiority whilst providing our customers with the best onshore/offshore model at an affordable price within a quick delivery time period. Our professional services are targeted towards large enterprise customers. Xena has also been a part and presented at the Oracle open world on various Xena provides and deals with well known brands such as Oracle (Oracle Exadata, Oracle Coherence, Oracle ADF, Oracle Service Bus, Oracle Data Integrator,
We are early adapters of cutting edge technologies, in order to full fill the needs of our customer’s, we focus on quality and superiority whilst providing our customers with the best onshore/offshore model at an affordable price within a quick delivery time period. Our professional services are targeted towards large enterprise customers.
Our consultants can provide you with customized systems by developing a new system or re-purposing existing systems in order to fulfill your requirements in order to achieve your goals. We have a team of staff that specializes in Oracle golden gate in order to provide our customers with Low-impact, real-time change data capture, distribution, and delivery for transactional data across heterogeneous systems for continuous availability, zero downtime migration, and business intelligence.
We dedicate ourselves to quality and undoubtedly are early adopters of cutting edge providing professional services to large enterprise specializing in Database technologies, Replication technologies, Middleware technologies, Enterprise Application Servers, Application Performance Monitoring and Appliance based Technology and we also help your business requirements by assisting you with strategic directions and roadmaps from mid to senior management through our veteran personnel.
Oracle Exadata, Oracle Coherence
ABOUT
US
Xena is one of the leading service providers in and Canada. We have been early adapters of cutting edge technology since our initiation. We dedicate ourselves to quality and undoubtedly are early adopters of cutting edge providing professional solutions to large enterprise specializing in Database technologies, Replication technologies, Middleware technologies, Enterprise Application Servers, Application Performance Monitoring and Appliance based Technology. We also help your business requirements by assisting you with strategic directions and roadmaps from mid to senior management through our veteran personnel who are experts, well experienced specialists in relevant fields in order to provide supreme detailed solutions architecture to support your ongoing business challanges.
INTERESTING
LINKS