Take a closer look at how far we’ve come.
Our approach to innovation builds on strong science combined with the drive to find solutions where the need is the greatest
Work with us to turn world-class research into life-changing results
Passionate about our work, responsible in our actions—we go beyond medicine to improve health care and our communities
reduction in global water intake, 2013-2015, normalized to sales and   excluding non-contact cooling water
By putting patients first, we explore new medical innovations and ways to enhance access
combines advanced science, expertise and passion to solve the world’s most serious health issues and have a remarkable impact on people’s lives
was named the Biotechnology Industry Leader for our   responsible economic, environmental and social performance 
For the third year in a row, was recognized as one of   America’s most community-minded companies and honored for our   commitment to improve quality of life in communities where we live and work
has been recognized as one of the 50 most diverse companies   for the third year straight. This list includes companies excelling in   areas of recruitment, talent development, leadership, commitment and   supplier diversity
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
At AbbVie, we combine advanced science, expertise and passion to   solve serious health issues and have a remarkable impact on people’s   lives. See how we’re improving health care on a global basis.
Our employees are scientists, researchers, communicators,   manufacturing specialists and regulatory experts located around the   globe. We’re constantly working to create solutions that go beyond   treating the illness to have a positive impact on patients’ lives, on   societies—and on science itself.
About Research-driven Biopharmaceutical Company
We’re a company that takes on the toughest health challenges. But we   do more than just treat diseases. We’re meeting the health needs of   people and societies around the globe.
Finding Better Solutions to the Toughest Challenges
Research and innovation are the cornerstones of our business. We   focus on discovering, developing and delivering drugs in therapeutic   areas where we have proven expertise—and can make an impact. This   includes Immunology, Oncology, Neuroscience and Virology.
Working Together to Make a Difference
Our partners share our commitment to solving the world’s greatest   health needs. That’s why we collaborate with peers, universities,   clinical experts, governments and advocacy groups. By working   together, we combine the best efforts, thinking and resources to find   better solutions for patients.
We’re focused on sustainable growth and addressing the world’s   pressing health challenges. We achieve that by developing a consistent   stream of innovative new medicines.
Patients around the world treated by AbbVie’s medicines every year
See how is advancing science at our locations around the world.
Our mission of improving lives starts at the top. Our leaders’ vision   and expertise guide our teams, while their commitment to patients   fuels our culture.
At AbbVie, we see a future full of possibility, where health is in   reach and patient lives are improved. See our employees, our science   and our hope for tomorrow.
Rewarded for Our Work and Our Actions
From respected employer practices to environmental stewardship, we   are proud of the recognition we’ve received for our dedication to   communities around the world.
amount invested in R&in 2015 to advance science
Our commitment to ethics and compliance guides each of us, every   single day. Our Ethics and Compliance Program includes strong   leadership, clear written standards, effective lines of communication,   relevant training, accountability, forthright assessment and remediation.
Our Position on Key Issues
We support public policies that promote our mission of developing   leading-edge therapies and innovations, providing life-changing   products to patients who need them and enabling us to deliver   treatments that have an impact on people’s lives.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
We partner to achieve two important outcomes: deliver innovative   medicines and make a remarkable impact on people’s lives.
We have a highly integrated approach to developing and sustaining our   partnerships. We work with you as one connected unit to fuel   scientific progress.
We are passionate about translating science into effective medicine.   We look for external innovation partners where we can create long-term   mutually beneficial relationships. Then we align our capabilities to   conduct groundbreaking science and bring innovative medicines to   societies around the globe.
Our core R&areas of interest include immunology, oncology,   neuroscience and hepatology complemented by additional focus areas   such as cystic fibrosis and women’s health. We discover and develop   new drugs in therapeutic areas that we believe will make the most   significant impact on the disease and its management.
Ventures strategically invests in transformational scientific   opportunities to augment our core R&interests as well as gain   access to next-generation science and proven scientific leaders.
We support researchers through access to compounds for preclinical   research via our  Open Innovation Program  and through our  Investigator-Initiated Studies Program . Our  Contract Manufacturing  business provides our   deep scientific expertise and world-class manufacturing capabilities   to others.
Partner with Submit an Opportunity
If you have a partnership or technology opportunity that may be of   interest to AbbVie, we want to hear from you. Submit your   non-confidential information here for review.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
We’re focused on sustainable growth and addressing the world’s   pressing health challenges.
Our Mission, from the Beginning, Hasn't Wavered
Our combination of focused innovation and commercial scale brings   differentiated products to market that benefit patients and health   care providers. All our employees around the world are united in this   mission to deliver a remarkable impact to patients.
Develop a consistent stream of innovative new medicines
Innovative medicines provide compelling patient benefits,   differentiated clinical performance and economic value. We plan to   launch 20 new products or indications by 2020 that elevate the   standard of care and address significant unmet needs.
Building on our market leadership, we will continue to bring our   promoted products to patients around the world. Our strong track   record of execution will be key to our success.
Our strategy includes attracting and developing top talent. We do   that by cultivating a culture of innovation that delivers a remarkable impact.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Our culture of innovation and responsibility starts with our board of   directors and extends out to every member of the company. Our board   members work closely with leaders to maintain our focus of   putting patients first.
Northern Trust Corporation and The Northern Trust Company
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Have a profound impact on our business—and make the future of health   care brighter.
Behind our products and services are passionate employees who support   the solutions that benefit patients. Our corporate employees   understand our business goals and focus on finding new ways to   increase our competitive advantage.
“love engaging with the business to find solutions to tough   problems so we can continue to provide meaningful medicines to our patients.”
Sanjay provides legal, regulatory and compliance advice to our   neuroscience, endo-metabolic and care franchises. He ensures they   stay compliant with laws while achieving AbbVie’s business and   customer needs. Sjoining us in 2010, he has had a variety of   roles focusing on regulatory, compliance and contracting. He was drawn   to based on the diversity of our people, products and the   company itself.
love engaging with the business to find solutions to tough problems.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
We do more than just treat diseases—we’re committed to new thinking   and approaches that make a greater impact. Here’s how.
patients in 200+ countries treated by AbbVie’s medicines every year
number of organizations have recognized us for our ongoing efforts   in workplace and diversity, corporate responsibility and business   performance. Take a look below.
is one of the 2018 100 Best Companies to Work For,   according to global research and consulting firm Great Place to Work   and Fortune. The ranking is based on survey responses from more than   310,000 employees rating their workplace culture on 50-plus elements   of the workplace.
For the third consecutive year, earned a perfect score of   100% in the 2018 Corporate Equality Index administered by the Human   Rights Campaign Foundation. It reflects our efforts in building a   diverse, innovative and open culture that values all employees and   their contributions.
is on the World’s Best Workplaces 2018 list. Great Place to   Work surveyed employees at 7,000 companies for their perspectives on   creativity, trust and camaraderie. We are recognized as a Great Place   to Work in many countries.
Working Mother Magazine has for the sixth year in a row recognized   on its annual “100 Best Companies for Working Mothers” list.   The list is composed of companies excelling in workforce   representation of outstanding leadership in creating progressive   programs, advancement of women, flexibility, child care and paid   parental leave.
has been a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index Series s  2016. Created by global index provider Russell, the FTSE4Good   Index Series measures performance of companies demonstrating strong   environmental, social and governance practices.
received Gold Class distinction from Robecoin both 2017   and 2018 for excellent performance in social, economic and   environmental practices. This places among the top 1% of   companies and the only company in the biotechnology industry to   receive this recognition.
is number 8 on this list that recognizes companies for   consistent leadership and generosity in giving at the individual and   organization level. The ranking is based on 385,000 employee surveys   from companies across the on pride in the organization's   community impact, belief that their work makes a difference, and   feeling their work has special meaning.
was Biotech Industry Leader in the Dow Jones Sustainability   Index for the second consecutive year. Sour company’s founding,   we have been among the top 10% of 3,900 evaluated companies and listed   on World every year.
is included for the fifth year on the Fortune 500 and is #110   on the list.
ranked #2 on Barron’s 500 in 2017 for strong profitability   and sales growth. The list ranks the 500 largest publicly traded   companies in the and Canada on sales and growth   performance.
This report highlights our impact by the numbers   for 2017 and recognition for our efforts.
employees has a doctoral degree vs. 1 in 25 workers in the   United States*
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Our ~30,000 employees are scientists, researchers, communicators,   manufacturing specialists and regulatory experts located around the   globe. We come up with new approaches to addressing today’s health   issues—from life-threatening illness to chronic conditions.
We target specific difficult-to-cure diseases where we can leverage   our core R&expertise to advance science. We’re constantly   working to create solutions that go beyond treating the illness to   have a positive impact on patients’ lives, on societies—and on science itself.
At AbbVie, we see a future full of possibility, where health is in   reach and patient lives are improved. See our employees, our science   and our hope for tomorrow:
To understand the patient journey, we collaborate with peers,   academics, clinical experts, front-line practitioners, governments and   advocacy groups. This fuels us to develop and deliver new solutions   that truly make a difference.
Science: Finding better solutions to the world's toughest challenges
Research and innovation are the cornerstones of our business. We   advance leading-edge science through a dynamic and collaborative   approach. This enables us to find better solutions for treating the   world’s most challenging diseases. We focus on discovering, developing   and delivering drugs in therapeutic areas where we have proven   expertise—and can make an impact. This includes:
Partnerships: Working together to make a difference
Our partners share our commitment to solving the world’s greatest   health needs. That’s why we collaborate with peers, universities,   clinical experts, governments and advocacy groups to seek new   solutions for patients throughout the world. By working together, we   combine the best efforts, thinking and resources to find better   solutions for patients.
Responsibility: Passionate about our work, responsible in our actions
At AbbVie, it’s both what we do and how we do it that matter. We go   beyond medicine, using our resources to improve health care and   communities. We’re committed to:
Improving health outcomes. We’re targeting unmet needs and     working to enhance access to health care across geographies.
Operating responsibly. It’s the very basis of how does     business. We are committed to cultivating an ethical, transparent     and inclusive culture to drive sustainable growth.
Contributing to communities. We’re passionate about     partnering with our communities to address challenges of the   underserved.
Culture: Fostering innovation and discovery
We are a diverse, inclusive organization with people who reflect   the thousands of communities we serve around the world. For all of us,   working at is more than a job. It’s a purpose that leads to   better lives for other people, across the world. When the stakes are   as high as a patient’s well-being, the best ideas must rise to the   top, no matter where they begin.
Our 125-year legacy provides a set of deeply held values.   These guide our way, driving how we treat our patients and each other   and how we design our strategies and operate our business. And they   keep us focused on what matters most—our patients and our people.
may have been founded in 2013, but our roots run deep. In   2013, we became a separate company from Abbott, though we share a   common legacy and strong prospects for future success.
Our name represents our connection to the past and the future. When   we became our own company, formed a new kind of enterprise—a   biopharmaceutical company. We blend the stability, global scale,   resources and commercial capabilities of a pharmaceutical company with   the focus and culture of a biotech.
Today, our ~30,000 employees around the world focus on delivering   transformational medicines and therapies that offer significant   patient benefits.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Collaborations are critical to our own success and the success of the industry.
At AbbVie, we partner to achieve two important outcomes: deliver   innovative medicines and make a remarkable impact on people’s lives.
We start with a highly integrated approach to developing and   sustaining our partnerships. We work as one connected unit with a   commitment to establishing collaborations across the development   continuum that will ultimately benefit patients and fuel scientific progress.
Whether partnering with a business, academia or consortia, our goal   is to create long-term mutually beneficial relationships. For example,   for a smaller biotech partner, AbbVie’s global medical affairs and   commercial reach may enable their product to benefit patients   worldwide. Large pharmaceutical partnerships allow each company to   contribute the strengths of their organization.
With a shared vision as our foundation, we align our capabilities to   conduct groundbreaking science and bring innovative medicines to   societies around the globe. From start to finish, we manage our   partnerships for success—from early identification and mitigation of   risks to shared accountability and reward for successful outcomes. Our   partners and our strong team help make this possible.
Our business development team evaluates a variety of partnership   structures to meet the needs of both parties. They work closely with   our commercial and R&organizations to evaluate new opportunities   that complement and enhance our existing internal innovation strategy.
Highly successful partnerships result from an ongoing commitment to   realize a shared vision. At AbbVie, we have a dedicated team that is   involved in all aspects of the partnership from contracting through   commercialization to ensure positive outcomes for all parties.
We strategically invest in transformational scientific opportunities   to augment our core R&interests and gain access to   next-generation science and proven scientific leaders. Our expertise   in drug development and commercialization can be a valuable resource   to even the earliest stage companies.
Our team is ready to meet with you to share our capabilities and   discuss your business opportunities. We are always looking for   innovation and new partnership opportunities that align with our focus   areas. With offices in the Northern California, Chicago and Boston   areas, as well as other locations around the world, we look forward to   hearing from you.
Vivek   Abraham, Ph.D., Oncology
John Larson,   Late-Stage Alliances and Devices
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
At AbbVie, our life’s work is to improve lives, and we pledge to do   so in a transparent and sustainable way.
Our Position on Key Issues That Affect Our Business, Patients, Employees and Stakeholders
Developing leading-edge     therapies and innovations
Providing life-changing products     to patients who need them most
Enabling us to deliver     treatments that have an impact on people’s lives
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
As tomorrow’s innovations are developed by today’s entrepreneurs, we   invest in transformational scientific opportunities aligned with our   core R&interests to gain access to next-generation science and   build relationships with proven and emerging scientific leaders.
We’re AbbVie’s Corporate Strategic Venture Capital Arm
Investing s2009, we focus exclusively on novel, transformational   therapeutics at discovery and pre-clinical stages.  Aligning with   AbbVie’s strategic focus, our investments address critical needs in   oncology, immunology, and neuroscience. We offer our partners access   to AbbVie’s vast internal network of experts in all  phases of drug   development, from drug discovery through successful   commercialization.
Our current portfolio is comprised of more than a dozen companies based in the and   Europe. Targeting 6-8 new investments annually, at the Seed or Series   stage, we have the capability and flexibility to lead or co-lead a   syndicate.  Our   team of eight investing professionals is based in three locations:   Boston, San Francisco and Chicago areas.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Our commitment to ethics and compliance guides each of us in the way we conduct business every single day
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
As leading experts in autoimmune diseases and therapies, we are   focused on developing new medicines to address chronic progressive   diseases in the field of immunology. Our programs focus on   investigating both targeted oral therapies and biologics. Our areas of   interest include:
Our research is committed to discovering and developing targeted   therapies that work against the processes cancer cells need to   survive. We are investigating both small and large molecule   approaches, and our internal research efforts are balanced with   external collaborations across industry, academia and health care   authorities. Our areas of interest include:
Our innovative research focuses on developing therapies for   neurodegenerative diseases by targeting mechanisms that block   neurodegeneration and promote neuroprotection and regeneration. We are   interested in highly validated targets and biomarkers. Our areas of   interest include:
Our hepatology franchise is anchored with our antiviral program   targeting hepatitis virus. We are looking to expand our presence in   the area by targeting nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) and other   fibrotic liver diseases.
We also focus our attention on other areas where there is unmet need, including:
For more information about partnering with AbbVie,  download our brochure .
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
is committed to being fully transparent and compliant with our   policies and disclosures.
is committed to     transparency and is guided by our  Code of Business Conduct  in all public policy   engagement.
pursues activities that shape policies to     benefit patients, with a focus on improving patient access to new     medical advances.
Our Federal Government Affairs office in Washington, is   responsible for advocacy activities with the Congress and the   federal government. Advocacy at the state level is managed by our   State Government Affairs function. also hires outside firms   that can provide expertise on our key policy issues. does not   currently make direct expenditures for federal and state grassroots   lobbying communications to the general public. Additionally,   does not currently contribute funds intended for use in elections to   501(c)(4) organizations but, should such a contribution be made in the   future, it would be listed with AbbVie’s other corporate political contributions.
In the United States, in compliance with the Lobbying Disclosure   Act, will file a quarterly report that includes: (i) total   federal lobbying expenditures, (ii) the name of the specific piece of   legislation or subject that was the topic of communication, (iii)   disclosure of individuals who lobbied on behalf of AbbVie, and   (iv) identification of the legislative body or executive branch that   was contacted. This report incorporates expenses associated with   lobbying the federal government, including our Federal Government   Affairs office and the portion of trade association dues associated   with federal lobbying. We file similar publicly-available lobbying   reports with states, as required by law, available  here .
Our Report on Political Contributions
participates in the political process by contributing to   state and local candidates and political organizations. We support   candidates and organizations that understand how government actions   can affect patients’ access to medical advances and that will work to   promote an environment that fosters continued medical progress.
Contributions to office holders and candidates are bipartisan and   based on several criteria: policy positions that reflect AbbVie’s   interests; representation of geographic areas where employees   and facilities are located; relevant legislative committee   assignments; ability to be elected; and need for financial assistance.   The private political preferences of AbbVie’s executives do not play a   role in how corporate political funds are spent.
The Executive Vice President, External Affairs, and the Vice   President, Government Affairs, each review and approve all corporate   political contributions at the recommendation of AbbVie’s Government   Affairs function to ensure these contributions are consistent with the   company’s guidelines and in accordance with applicable laws as   required by the Corporate Political Contributions Policy. The Public   Policy Committee of the Board of Directors reviews the   Corporate Political Contributions Policy every three years or more   frequently and is periodically briefed on the corporate contributions   made by AbbVie.
When available, will provide links to AbbVie’s corporate   contributions to political candidates, political parties, political   committees, ballot measure committees, and organizations operating   under 26 Sec. 527 of the Internal Revenue Code. AbbVie’s corporate   political contribution reports are updated every six months and are   archived for reference.
is a member of trade associations that are aligned with our   business objectives. In the interest of transparency, the trade   associations to which provides $50,000 or more in annual   membership support may be found  here . also posts a list of trade   associations around the world where an employee serves on the   organization’s board of directors, which are listed  here . The Public Policy Committee of the   Board of Directors also reviews these memberships.
The independence of patient groups will not be compromised.   encourages patient groups to maintain relationships with a wide range   of organizations and companies.
All support will be disclosed according to relevant laws and patient   groups will recognize company support through locally appropriate   means. Both and patient groups will have final approval on all   public uses of their respective name, logo and identifying symbols.
Through a mutual and open understanding of each other’s policies,   objectives and working practices, will demonstrate respect for   our partners as we each work toward common desired outcomes. When   providing information on marketed and investigational medicines,   will do so in compliance with applicable local laws,   regulations, policies and procedures.
believes in being a socially responsible company and doing   what is right, not just by our customers, but by the world in which we   live. is committed to safe and fair working conditions, beyond   our employees and the stores in which our products are sold, but also   extending to the partners in our supply chain. has a global   policy against trafficking and slavery in supply chains.   engages in verification of product supply chains to evaluate and   address risks of human trafficking and slavery. The verification is   conducted by employees in Purchasing and Supplier   Management. Additionally, or a third party that is independent   of supply chain management conducts audits of suppliers (usually   announced ahead of time) to evaluate supplier compliance with company   standards for trafficking and slavery.
AbbVie’s Code of Business Conduct sets forth our commitment to   conduct our business with the highest ethical standards and comply   with all laws and regulations. employees worldwide certify   annually on AbbVie’s Code of Business Conduct. expects its   business partners, such as contract workers, vendors, suppliers and   consultants, to adhere to ethical behavior consistent with the spirit   of AbbVie’s Code of Business Conduct and to all applicable laws and   regulations when working on behalf of AbbVie.
AbbVie’s Supplier Code of Conduct  states our   expectations to suppliers conducting business with that they   are prohibited from engaging in illegal behavior, including human   trafficking and slavery. requires direct suppliers to certify   that materials incorporated into AbbVie’s products comply with local   and national laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the   country or countries in which they are doing business. Certifications   are also obtained from suppliers that they comply with standards as   outlined in our Supplier Code of Conduct. will maintain   internal accountability standards and procedures for both employees   and contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery   and trafficking.
Employees and contractors assigned to who fail to abide by   AbbVie’s Code of Business Conduct may be subject to reprimand or other   adverse consequences, up to and including termination of employment or   assignment. provides training to its employees and management   who have direct responsibility for supply chain management, regarding   human trafficking and slavery, particularly with respect to mitigating   risks within the supply chains of products.
AbbVie’s ethics and compliance program (the “Program”) reflects our   commitment to compliance with the laws and regulations applicable to   our business, including the California Health and Safety Code   §§119400-119402 (the “California Act”). Interested parties may  view the Program online  or may also call   800-254-0462 for a copy of any of the Program materials.
In accordance with the California Act, has established a   specific annual dollar limit of $1,000, which applies to promotional   materials, items and activities provided by an employee of to   covered recipients in California. In addition, the following expenses   are excluded from the limit: expenses of a de minimis value (i.e.,   with a value of $10 or less), expenses that are directly associated   with payments statutorily excluded from the limit (e.g., meals for   consultants), items provided to health care professionals that are   ultimately intended for patients or consumers, fellowships, receptions   at third-party educational or professional meetings, and sales aids.   To the best of its knowledge, declares that as of June 30,   2018, it is in all material respects in compliance with the   requirements of the California Act.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Oncology Careers at Making Possibilities Real
From being part of a culture that supports innovative research to making an impact on people worldwide, there are many reasons people want to work here. Hear why members of our oncology team chose AbbVie, in their own words.
2017 Pantheon DiCompany of the Year under the award.
“We use cutting-edge science to create the best medicines and have the opportunity to make a huge difference in people’s lives across the globe. You may not see or hear them every day, but there are millions of people out there with cancer anxiously awaiting good news. We can deliver that.”
“It is emotionally difficult to even put yourself in the shoes of our patients, but when you do, it really makes you that much more proud about what we’re doing.”
Sunny Kuo, Scientist III, Pharmacyclics, An Company
“The reason chose oncology research as my career is because have two uncles who were diagnosed with lymphoma and they died within one year when was in middle school. That’s the first time heard about cancer. At Pharmacyclics, we work to find a better drug. drug that is more friendly for our patients. ”
Work alongside the brightest minds to change the story for people with cancer. The pioneering spirit of our commercial team supports our rapidly advancing pipeline – and is challenging the status quo.
Back to TopVentures is focused on early-stage   opportunities in immunology, oncology and neuroscience.
Alector’s mission is to develop therapies that empower the immune system to cure   neuro-degeneration and cancer.
ApoGen   Biotechnologies is developing a new class of therapies that target   key drivers of ongoing mutation and tumor evolution.
Artios   Pharma is developing cancer treatments that target Damage   Response pathways to selectively kill cancer cells.
e  Therapeutics is developing selective translation regulators as a   new class of small molecule therapeutics for cancer and other serious diseases.
Jnana   Therapeutics is building the first drug discovery platform   dedicated to the solute carrier family of transporters.
Lodo   Therapeutics is a drug discovery and development company focused   on the creation of novel therapeutics derived from nature that will   impact patients around the world.
Morphic   Therapeutic is working to develop the first orally administered   integrin therapeutics for patients with immunological, fibrotic,   neoplastic, and vascular diseases.
Paragen Bio is a biotechnology company developing drugs for the treatment of   autoimmune diseases.
Petra   Pharma is dedicated to discovering and developing novel therapies   that modulate phosphoinositide signaling pathways for the treatment of   cancer and other serious diseases.
Quentis is   pioneering first in class immunotherapies that modulate endoplasmic   reticulum stress response pathways in the tumor   microenvironment.  
Ribometrix is   a platform therapeutics company discovering small molecule drugs that   target functional 3structures to treat human disease.
Rodeo   Therapeutics is a preclinical-stage biotech company focused on   first in class small molecule modulators of prostaglandin biology for   enhancing tissue repair and regeneration.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Margarita contributes more than 20 years of deal-making experience,   including 10 years in biotech and pharma. Margarita has led and   managed investments in over a dozen biotech companies in the and   Europe.  
John adds more than 20 years of industry experience ranging from   business development and venture investing to operational experience   across multiple startup biotech and global pharmaceutical companies.   
Chuck brings nearly 25 years of venture investing, business   development and R&leadership experience from both biotech and   pharma.   molecular biologist by training, Chuck began his career in   drug discovery.
Ross contributes a decade of biotech and pharma experience ranging   from business development and commercial strategy to early stage   company creation, advising, and investing.
KT, an innovator and scientist at heart, has over 20 years of   leadership, entrepreneurial, and investing experience focused on   expanding the value driven by scientific discovery.  
Priyanka brings more than a decade of experience in venture   investing and R&from the pharmaceutical and medical device   industry.  pharmaceutical scientist by training, Priyanka began her   career in drug development.  
Jay is experienced in management consulting and medicinal chemistry   research.  Prior to Ventures, Jay advised clients across the   healthcare industry on corporate and commercial strategies.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
We Believe Interactions with Health Care Professionals Bring Value to Patient Care
is committed to collaborating with health care professionals   (HCPs), health care organizations (HCOs) and patient organizations to   improve patient health across the globe. Our interactions with HCPs,   HCOs and patient organizations are guided by openness and transparency   to ensure public trust and confidence. supports disclosure of   these relationships wherever possible to demonstrate the integrity of   our relationships with HCPs, HCOs and patient organizations.
HCP/Disclosures Inside the US
The Sunshine Act, also known as the Open Payments—Physician   Payments Sunshine Act, was enacted as federal law in 2010 as a   component of the Affordable Care Act. The Act requires health care   manufacturers, including AbbVie, to track financial transactions with   certain health care providers and health care organizations (HCOs) and   to disclose those transactions on an annual basis. We support the Act   and its goal of providing the public greater visibility into   interactions between the health care industry and HCPs to ensure   public trust and confidence. To learn more,  view our FAQs .
The report is based on transactional data that has been aggregated at   a particular point in time; some payments and transfers of value that   take place during the reporting period may be included in the next   quarter’s report. Posted data may not correlate to state transparency   reports due to differences in the scope and requirements between the   various transparency laws. Changes or additions that are identified   after the report is posted will be accounted for in the next quarter’s   report. Due to the requirements for reporting related entities/payees,   some payments shown on the report are included more than once. The   types of payments and transfers of value included in the report are as follows:
Business Meals, which     include reimbursed amounts for meals incurred in the course of     providing contracted-for services such as consulting and research;     and meals provided in connection with an educational or business   discussion
Educational     Materials and Items, which include reference materials such as     journal articles, textbooks and anatomical models
Professional Services,     which include payments for contracted-for services such as speaking     at an educational seminar or serving on a data safety monitoring     board
Research-Related Payments, which include     payments for research and clinical trial activities, royalties and     license fees
Job Interview-related     payments, such as flights, meals, hotel, area tours, etc. Your     collected information will only be released on the public website if     you are selected to interview and have expenses paid for or     reimbursed to you by AbbVie. Additionally, Massachusetts and Vermont     have expanded rulings that require interview-related expenses to be     reported for “Health Care Providers & Practitioners.” Expenses     incurred during the interview process may be reported under the     Federal Sunshine Act (and other State laws).
For Physician Payment Reports, follows the annual de minimis   threshold reporting guidance as provided by for Open Payments reporting.
Information exchanged with Healthcare Professionals (HCPs),   Healthcare Organizations (HCOs) and patient organizations has led to   newer and better therapies and, most importantly, enhanced care for   patients. We believe our collaboration with HCPs, HCOs and patient   organizations bring value to patient care through optimizing treatment   options and changing the way diseases impact lives. Our interactions   with them are based on trust, transparency and integrity, with a goal   of providing the public with greater visibility into these   interactions to ensure public trust and confidence. engages in   a range of activities from clinical research to sponsorships to   educational activities to exchange information on how new medicines   fit into the patient pathway. By bringing greater transparency to   these relationships, demonstrates its ongoing commitment to   strengthening the basis for future collaboration.
In addition, has annually published data regarding the   financial support we provide to European Patient Organizations s2008.
is committed to making a remarkable impact on patients’ lives   and their caregivers. We pursue learning about patient experiences to   understand their issues, concerns and priorities.
Patient organizations are a source of valuable information and   support for patients and their caregivers. We foster patient   organization relationships based on mutual trust, respect and   patient-centric goals that reflect AbbVie’s transparent, highly   ethical behavioral standards. Through these relationships,   helps educate patients and caregivers about disease states, treatment   options and how to improve quality of life. These partnerships   facilitate patient-centric dialogue between interested parties and   help create new, cost-effective health care delivery models.
Annually, publishes a list of its financial suppotrt of   European Patient Organizations. Our publication of the following   report demonstrates our commitment to transparent disclosure of our   financial relationships with patient organizations.
has a long-standing commitment to supporting programs aimed at   increasing the understanding of scientific, clinical and health care   issues that improve patient care. In the interest of transparency, we   are disclosing the following list of professional conferences   sponsored by AbbVie.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
collects information, including personally identifying   information, relating to customers, medical and health care   professionals, industry experts and opinion leaders, consumers,   suppliers, service providers, business partners, and vendors with whom   has a business or commercial relationship. This personally   identifying information is in systems managed by where the   purpose is to allow to meet regulatory reporting obligations,   manage services and relationships, manage payment obligations, and   respond to requests as required by law. The systems contain   basic personal information such as names, titles, professional   affiliations and contact details, as well as information about past   and present activities that may have with customers, medical   and health care professionals, industry experts and opinion leaders,   consumers, suppliers, service providers, business partners, and   vendors. stores all personal identifying information securely   and in accordance with applicable laws and standards. may   transmit personal information about you to other locations   worldwide, including in the United States and other countries that may   not have the same data protection requirements as your country.   However, locations worldwide are required to protect and treat   personally identifying information in a manner consistent with this   notice and in accordance with AbbVie’s policies and applicable laws.
Customers, medical and health care professionals, industry experts   and opinion leaders, consumers, suppliers, service providers, business   partners, and vendors have the right, free of charge, to be informed   about the information we hold about you and to modify or ask for the   deletion of your personally identifying information contained in   systems. For that purpose, please contact us at the following   e-mail address: privacyoffice@abbvie.com.
indsamler oplysninger, herunder personligt identificerbare   oplysninger, om kunder, læger og sundhedspersonale, industrieksperter   og meningsdannere, forbrugere, leverandører, tjenesteudbydere,   samarbejdspartnere og sælgere med hvem har forretningsmæssige   eller kommercielle relationer. Disse personligt identificerende   oplysninger er i systemer, der styres af AbbVie, hvor formålet er at   gøre det muligt for at opfylde lovgivningsmæssige   rapporteringsforpligtelser, administrere tjenester og relationer,   administrere betalingsforpligtelser og svare på anmodninger som   påkrævet ved lov. AbbVies systemer indeholder basale personlige   oplysninger såsom navne, titler, faglige tilhørsforhold og   kontaktoplysninger, samt oplysninger om tidligere og nuværende   aktiviteter som måtte have med kunder, læger og   sundhedspersonale, industrieksperter og meningsdannere, forbrugere,   leverandører, tjenesteudbydere, samarbejdspartnere og sælgere.   gemmer alle personligt identificerende oplysninger sikkert og i   overensstemmelse med gældende love og standarder. kan   videregive personlige oplysninger om dig til andre AbbVie-lokaliteter   rundt om i verden, herunder i og andre lande, der måske ikke har   de samme krav til databeskyttelse som dit land. AbbVie-lokaliteter   rundt om i verden er dog forpligtet til at beskytte og behandle   personlige oplysninger i overensstemmelse med denne meddelelse og i   overensstemmelse med AbbVies politikker og gældende love.
Kunder, læger og sundhedspersonale, industrieksperter og   meningsdannere, forbrugere, leverandører, tjenesteudbydere,   samarbejdspartnere og sælgere har ret til gratis at blive underrettet   om de oplysninger, vi har om dig, og til at ændre eller anmode om   sletning af dine personligt identificerbare oplysninger indeholdt i   AbbVies systemer. Til dette formål bedes du kontakte os på følgende   e-mail-adresse： privacyoffice@abbvie.com.
醫療保健機構與供應商通知
collects information, including personally identifying   information, relating to customers, medical and health care   professionals, industry experts and opinion leaders, consumers,   suppliers, service providers, business partners, and vendors with whom   has a business or commercial relationship. This personally   identifying information is in systems managed by where the   purpose is to allow to meet regulatory reporting obligations,   manage services and relationships, manage payment obligations, and   respond to requests as required by law. The systems contain   basic personal information such as names, titles, professional   affiliations and contact details, as well as information about past   and present activities that may have with customers, medical   and health care professionals, industry experts and opinion leaders,   consumers, suppliers, service providers, business partners, and   vendors. stores all personal identifying information securely   and in accordance with applicable laws and standards. may   transmit personal information about you to other locations   worldwide, including in the United States and other countries that may   not have the same data protection requirements as your country.   However, locations worldwide are required to protect and treat   personally identifying information in a manner consistent with this   notice and in accordance with AbbVie’s policies and applicable laws.
Customers, medical and health care professionals, industry experts   and opinion leaders, consumers, suppliers, service providers, business   partners, and vendors have the right, free of charge, to be informed   about the information we hold about you and to modify or ask for the   deletion of your personally identifying information contained in   systems. For that purpose, please contact us at the following   e-mail address: privacyoffice@abbvie.com.
AbbVie医療機関およびサプライヤー向け通知
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
From providing relief to natural disaster victims to researching new   ways to battle neglected diseases, we partner with organizations that   help us make an impact.
We support partners like Project Hope to reach the underserved around   the world, including refugees in Macedonia in 2016.
In times of need, we support humanitarian relief partners by   providing critically needed medicine and grants to strengthen health   systems in areas affected by natural disasters. Our partnerships are   helping expand access to health care and improve global health.
Whether we’re collaborating to prevent the spread of HIV/or   partnering to make medical care more accessible, our partnerships are   geared to providing essential resources where they’re needed most.
individuals receiving voluntary counseling and testing in Malawi   through Baylor International Pediatric Initiative
According to the World Health Organization, 20% of the world’s   population suffers from NTDs. At AbbVie, we collaborate with   organizations to help solve NTDs through drug development projects,   advisory boards and compound screening.
Our NTDs partners include:
of Buruli ulcer cases in 52 schools and communities in the Ivory   Coast were confirmed and treated through a International initiative
people who served in the prevention and control of Chagas disease in   two underserved municipalities in Bolivia through a International initiative
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
The Foundation supports AMPATH’s holistic approach to   population health in Kenya, including an economic empowerment   initiative helping families achieve sustainable income security.
This report details some impacts, programs, and progress in 2017   against our corporate responsibility commitments.
Three commitments drive our responsibility efforts. We focus on our   unique opportunities to improve lives globally. 
Materiality is used to identify which social and environmental issues   are of greatest interest to both a business and its   stakeholders. 
These key performance indicators (KPIs) measure AbbVie’s programs and   activities against our corporate responsibility commitments. 
supports the achievement of sustainable development to improve   the lives of people across the world. 
See the impact we’re making on patients, science, societies and   economies, by the numbers. 
Learn how we are addressing neglected diseases that disproportionally   affect the world’s poor and under-resourced populations.
Read examples of the Foundation’s impact worldwide. 
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Explore Operate Responsibly
Investigator-Initiated Studies (IIS)
We collaborate with others in a number 
We recognize and appreciate the power of ideas and research outside our organization. Our Open Innovation Program provides opportunities for external collaborators to access tool compounds to conduct preclinical research. The tool compounds cover multiple therapeutic areas and mechanisms of action and are provided free of charge.
Learn More about Open Innovation Program
We’re committed to supporting investigator-initiated research that promotes the advancement of medical and scientific knowledge involving AbbVie’s products and therapeutic areas of interest. The Program provides an opportunity to academic and community-based physicians and researchers worldwide interested in conducting their own research to apply for research support.
Learn More about Investigator-Initiated Studies (IIS)
Contract Manufacturing has the expertise to optimize your project coupled with the agility and flexibility that support efficient processes. Through the partnership, you gain integrated access to scientific expertise and processes that have taken many small molecule and biologic medicines through commercialization and on to the forefront of patient care.
  or services of the company.
  and track the site’s performance. Learn more, including how to disable
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
RejectWe work with extraordinary organizations and individuals dedicated to   helping us change lives.
The  American Red   Cross  provides compassionate care to those in need through its   network of generous donors, volunteers and employees. From tornados in   the Midwest to flooding and storms in the South, the American Red   Cross is a reliable partner that provides support for victims of all   disasters, no matter how big or small, throughout the United States   and beyond.
AmeriCare s is an   emergency response and global health organization committed to saving   lives and building healthier futures for people in crisis in the   United States and around the world. AmeriCares improves access to   health care during times of crisis and disaster by delivering donated   medicines and medical supplies to health programs around the   world.
DirectRelief  improves the health and lives of   people affected by poverty and emergency situations by providing   essential resources for their medical care.
S1996,  FamilyReac h has been helping the families of   people with cancer cope with the financial and emotional burdens of   the disease. Family Reach has been a lifeline for over 8,000 families   across 49 states—enabling them to better meet transportation, housing   and utility costs despite a devastating cancer diagnosis.
Established in 1984,  International Medical Corps  is a global,   humanitarian, nonprofit organization dedicated to saving lives and   relieving suffering through health care training and relief   development programs. International Medical Corps’ Response Teams   deploy immediately to begin their lifesaving work, even in the most   remote areas, no matter what the conditions. Their teams provide   lifesaving health care and access to basic life necessities at the   most critical times.
International  is   a global, faith-based health organization that provides medicine,   helps prevent disease and promotes health for people living in   poverty.
The  Memorial Sloan     Kettering Cancer Center (MSK) offers specialized, compassionate   care for every type of cancer, with a focus on pediatric cancers.   support provides families of pediatric patients in need with financial   assistance to cover non-medical expenses, including temporary housing   and transportation costs.
The  Academic     Model Providing Access to Healthcare (AMPATH) is a collaboration   between North American and African academic health centers. Created to   provide lifesaving care in the face of the pandemic, works   in partnership with the government of Kenya. is now expanding   from an focus to addressing the critical needs for primary health   care, chronic disease care and specialty care. Services include   support for home-based counseling and testing, mobile technology and   various support services such as psychosocial support and economic   empowerment programs.
The mission of the  Baylor International Pediatric Initiative (BIPAI) is to provide high-quality, high-impact and highly ethical   pediatric and family-centered health care, health professional   training and clinical research focused on HIV/and other diseases   and conditions impacting child health and survival globally.
Global Health   Corps  prepares the next generation of global health leaders by   providing opportunities for young professionals from diverse   backgrounds to work on the front lines in the fight for global health equity.
GlobeMed  aims to   strengthen the movement for global health equity by empowering   students and communities to work together to improve the health of   people living in poverty around the world. GlobeMed pairs its 56   university-based chapters across the United States with local   community health organizations around the world, thereby helping train   more than 2,000 students to be the next generation of global health   leaders. GlobeMed raises awareness of global health issues and   promotes global health as a career choice for young, aspiring leaders   in school. Through partnerships with local NGOs, GlobeMed offers   summer internships in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
The  Sabin Vaccine   Institute ’s goal is to reduce human suffering from   vaccine-preventable diseases and neglected tropical diseases (NTDs).   The Global Network for Neglected Tropical Diseases (Global Network),   an initiative of the Sabin Vaccine Institute, works to raise the   awareness, political will and funds necessary to control and eliminate   NTDs by 2020. The Global Network is partnering with the Pan American   Health Organization (PAHO), National Center for Child and Adolescent   Health (CeNSIA) and Mexican National Institute for Epidemiologic   Diagnosis and Reference (InDRE) to assess the impact of the national   soil transmitted helminth (STH) program and malaria infection rates   among school-aged children in 10 of the poorest states in Mexico.
Partners In Health believes that health care is a human right. By establishing long-term   relationships with sister organizations based in some of the world’s   poorest countries, Partners In Health strives to achieve two   overarching goals: to bring the benefits of modern medical science to   those most in need of them and to serve as an antidote to despair. At   its root, its mission is both medical and moral. It is based on   solidarity, rather than charity alone.
The  Asian University for   Women  is the pre-eminent liberal arts university for women in   South Asia. The university emphasizes social justice and empowerment   and provides higher education to women who would otherwise not have   access. The university seeks to graduate women who will be skilled and   innovative professionals, service-oriented leaders and promoters of   sustainable human and economic development in Asia and throughout the   world.
The  Illinois     Mathematics and Sciences Academy (IMSA) Boundless Learning   program supports the next generation of scientists by encouraging peer   learning opportunities meant to fuel student engagement with science,   technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM). Through special   projects, courses and field trips, the Boundless Learning program   gives students the opportunity to connect with, teach and learn   from underrepresented children and youth.
Invent Now,   Inc . is a nonprofit organization that operates the Collegiate   Inventors Competition, a program that recognizes and rewards students   who are committed to research, discovery, invention and innovation.   S1990, the Competition has awarded more than $1 million to top   students for their innovative work and scientific achievement.
Heart of     America Foundation (HOA)  focuses on transforming learning   environments in high-need areas around the United States into vibrant,   engaging and safe places full of high-quality educational resources   where children can learn and grow. S1998, has designed,   renovated and reopened more than 320 school libraries and education   spaces in high-need areas for children across the United States.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
The Focus of AbbVie’s Ethics & Compliance Program:
At AbbVie, all employees are expected to lead and foster a culture of   ethical and compliant behavior. To assist us, has an Office of   Ethics and Compliance (OEC), which focuses on the development and   enhancement of our compliance program. is led by our Chief Ethics   and Compliance Officer (CECO), who is a member of our senior   management and makes regular reports regarding compliance matters to   the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, other   senior-level leaders and AbbVie’s Board of Directors and Public Policy   Committee. The staff provides dedicated support to AbbVie’s   leaders, employees and businesses.
To assist in the implementation of the compliance program,   has a Business Conduct Committee (BCC) and a Pharmaceutical   Compliance Committee (PCC). Both committees are chaired by the CECO,   include senior-level leaders, and are accountable directly to the   Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The focuses on   the global compliance program, while the focuses on compliance   matters relating to the United States. Both committees hold periodic   meetings to discuss compliance matters within their respective   charters, including adherence to legal and regulatory obligations and   commitments, assessment of our compliance program, changes in the   legal and regulatory environment, risk areas and best practices, and   improvements to the program.
Outside the United States, our Affiliate Compliance Program is   managed by local Affiliate Compliance Committees, which are composed   of the General Manager and other top executives within a country.   Working with staff, the Affiliate Compliance Committees are   responsible for the day-to-day function of the compliance program,   including monitoring of compliance, providing awareness of and   training for the program, revising policies and procedures and   providing guidance to local employees. The committees meet on a   regular basis to discuss emerging issues and work with the staff   as new compliance and awareness programs are rolled out. Compliance   professionals are located throughout the world and provide oversight   and guidance to the Affiliate Compliance Committees.
In addition to our Code, we have policies and procedures that guide   employees as they conduct their day-to-day activities. They encompass   relevant laws and regulations, including food and drug laws and laws   relating to government health care programs. They also take into   account industry best practices, including provisions of the   International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & Associations (IFPMA) Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices and   the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America’s (PhRMA)  Code on Interactions with Health Care   Professionals, as well as other applicable industry codes. We   regularly update our policies to incorporate changes to the law and   industry codes, including rules regarding gifts, meals and education   we provide to health care professionals.
also complies with legal, industry and relevant institutions’   requirements regarding the interaction of our employees with health   care professionals and organizations. We comply with national,   regional, state and other requirements regarding transparency about   our relationships with individuals and entities involved in providing   health care. As required, we track and report payments and transfers   of value (such as meals) provided to health care providers and organizations.
All allegations are analyzed and corrective actions are taken where   necessary, including terminating employees or supplier relationships.   In accordance with our internal or legal obligations, we report   information about actual or potential violations to senior management,   the Board and the government(s), as appropriate. The also creates   opportunities to engage in face-to-face interactions with employees by   participating in national, regional and local meetings. Issues also   are highlighted on our intranet site and through other targeted   communications vehicles.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
Our code describes our commitment to the people we serve: patients,   healthcare providers, shareholders, business partners and our fellow employees.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
When you choose Contract Manufacturing, you get so much more   than a typical engagement. Through the partnership, you gain   integrated access to scientific expertise and processes that have   taken many small molecule and biologic medicines through   commercialization and on to the forefront of patient care.
is committed exclusively to drug development and the global   supply and management of life-changing therapies. We have the   expertise to optimize your project, coupled with the agility and   flexibility that support efficient processes.
Rely on Contract Manufacturing for deep scientific expertise   and world-class manufacturing capabilities.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
At AbbVie, we recognize and appreciate the power of ideas and   research outside our organization. Our Open Innovation Program   provides opportunities for external collaborators to access tool   compounds to conduct preclinical research. The tool compounds cover   multiple therapeutic areas and mechanisms of action and are provided   free of charge.
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
The research from investigator-initiated studies may expand our   understanding of our products and their potential applications. Plus,   it may improve patient care and spark new ideas for further   disease-related research.
The Program provides an opportunity to academic and   community-based physicians and researchers worldwide interested in   conducting their own research to apply for research support.
If you’re an investigator, you can initiate the application process   by submitting a brief summary of the proposed research to   through our  Porta l. applications are accepted on a   rolling submission basis.
For assistance on how to submit an application as a non-  submitter to the portal, please refer to the training guide here .  
Following the review of the initial submission, you may be asked to   submit a full protocol and final study budget for further evaluation.   We hold protocol review meetings monthly. Submission of a proposal   does not imply or guarantee approval. The committee evaluates   proposals according to their scientific merit, alignment with our   areas of research interest and available funding. Financial and/or   product support is contingent upon full execution of the research   agreement by both parties.
To learn more about our 2019 strategic priorities, download the   document here .
The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?
