of Non-Exclusive Perpetual License Agreement with Eli Lilly and Company
of Non-Exclusive Perpetual License Agreement with Eli Lilly and Company
of Non-Exclusive Perpetual License Agreement with Eli Lilly and Company
For efficient discovery and development of antibody and antibody-derivative drug candidates.
Our license options are designed to meet the needs of our partners.
Combining decades of experience and deep expertise to create a better platform for antibody drug discovery.
licenses the AlivaMab Mouse, a transgenic mouse that dramatically improves upon other antibody discovery platforms. majority of the world’s top-15 pharmaceutical companies have licensed and use AlivaMab Mouse for antibody drug discovery at more than a dozen sites around the world.
Founded in 2009, brought together decades of knowledge and experience in building the AlivaMab Mouse, the best-in-class transgenic platform for generating therapeutic antibody candidates with very high potency, specificity, solubility and reduced chance of immunogenicity. AlivaMab Mouse achieves this by incorporating insights and scientific breakthroughs based on:
An understanding that the choice of platform can impact every step of the discovery and development processes, with consequences for risks at stages from discovery to commercialization
Experience and observations in antibody drug discovery and development using transgenic mice, in vitro display platforms, and humanization
Expertise in molecular genetics, function of the immunoglobulin loci, and requirements for a robust immune response
Sequencing of the human and mouse genomes
has non-exclusively licensed the AlivaMab Mouse technology to multiple companies, including global pharmaceutical companies, public and private biotechnology companies and other entities.
FACT: majority of the world’s top-15 pharmaceutical companies have licensed and are using the AlivaMab Mouse for antibody drug discovery at over a dozen sites.
Founder and CEO, co-inventor of the AlivaMab Mouse
Larry is and founder of Ablexis, and co-inventor of the AlivaMab Mouse. He also serves as of AlivaMab Discovery Services. Larry has over a quarter century of experience in designing, creating and using transgenic mouse platforms for antibody drug discovery. Larry joined Aliva Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2008 as CEO, where he optimized the blueprint for AlivaMab Mouse and procured a Series financing, resulting in the founding of Ablexis, in 2009. Prior to joining Aliva, he was a co-inventor of the XenoMouse® technology at Cell Genesys and was a scientific founder of the spin-out of Abgenix, where he served as designer and team leader for making improved versions of the XenoMouse® technology, director of antibody discovery operations, leader of the collaborations group, and the senior research representative on joint steering committees in alliances with Amgen, AstraZeneca, Pfizer amongst other companies.
Larry is an inventor on several dozen patents covering immunoglobulin transgenic mice and therapeutic antibodies. He received his Ph.in Molecular and Cellular Biology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and did postdoctoral research at the University of Colorado at Boulder and Stanford University.
John “Lippy” Lippincott, Ph.D.
Lippy joined in 2012 as director of research operations, where he built the processes and team responsible for the data package validating the AlivaMab Mouse. He currently serves as consultant to and is vice president of research at AlivaMab Discovery Services. Lippy has nearly two decades of experience in the generation and characterization of antibodies from in vivo systems.
Prior to joining Ablexis, Lippy established and led the hybridoma group at Pfizer’s San Diego site, where he was project leader for internal and co-development therapeutic discovery projects. At Igenica, he led the successful importation of a novel in vivo discovery platform and created a high-throughput system for hybridoma generation and screening, and led other processes required for identifying lead therapeutic candidates. Serving in the role of vice president, antibody discovery at LakePharma, Lippy built and led the team responsible for providing antibody discovery services to clients. Lippy received his Ph.from Harvard University and did postdoctoral research at the Genomics Institute of the Novartis Research Foundation in San Diego.
Our Relationship with AlivaMab Discovery Services
AlivaMab Discovery Services leverages the AlivaMab Mouse, developed by as the platform for discovery projects conducted on behalf of clients.
AlivaMab Discovery Services was established as a company separate from in response to many prospective partners wanting to outsource discovery to a scientifically-driven organization led by a team with in-the-trenches experience and real understanding of therapeutic antibody discovery and development.
To learn more visit www.alivamab.com
delivers a superior, next generation transgenic mouse platform for the discovery of therapeutic antibodies.
