is an expert high volume manufacturer and supply chain partner for national-brand personal care, nutrition, and home care products.
Manufacturing Capabilities
We are a full service supplier with world-class capabilities. We have produced worldwide brands for the top Fortune 100 companies utilizing our various plants.
State of the art manufacturing for creams, lotions, shampoos, conditioners, washes and other Personal Care products.
wide range of cosmetic & beauty products filled into bottles, tubes or jars.
World class manufacturing of soft gels, tablets, 2 piece capsules and powders in three separate facilities.
Utilize certified organic, non-GMO, & sustainable farming practices to raise a variety of crops for use in our own Nutrilite vitamins & supplements – also available for sale to our contract customers.
Capable of mixing all household hard surface cleaners, liquid laundry, liquid hand soap and body washes.
Five different extrusion blow molding machines/technologies capable of making & bottles in either mono-layer or tri-layer design as well as screen printing on 4 decorating lines with up to 7 colors.About ABG
(ABG) is an expert high-volume manufacturer and supply chain partner for nationally-recognized branded products. provides sourcing, manufacturing, printing, packaging, quality assurance and global distribution, with expertise in nutrition, personal care, home care and beauty. For more than 55 years we have been making nutritional supplements, shampoos and conditioners, body lotions, body washes, laundry detergents and surface cleaners. Our team includes procurement, planning, manufacturing, QA, R&D, customer service and account management.
All employees trained in Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP)
More than 300 Six Sigma Greenbelts, Blackbelts and Master Blackbelts
Alticor is the parent company of Group, as well as Amway, and is a holding company for Amway’s non-direct selling companies.
Established in 1959, Amway is a family-owned, multi-billion dollar direct-selling company with more than 19,000 employees globally. The company offers hundreds of products, provides manufacturing and logistics services and gives millions of individuals around the world the opportunity to own their own business.
Ready to learn more?