is a leading regenerative medicine company
 that develops and manufactures products designed to facilitate the body’s ability to repair and remodel tissue.  Our company helps patients in a variety of settings 
. ACell’s products are gradually incorporated within the patient’s body and replaced with site-appropriate tissue.
Please visit at the following meetings and click on the link for more information.
is a leading regenerative medicine company that develops and manufactures products designed to facilitate the body’s ability to repair and remodel tissue. Our company helps patients in a variety of settings heal differently.  ACell’s products are gradually incorporated within the patient’s body and replaced with site-appropriate tissue. aspires to be the recognized leader in regenerative extracellular matrix (ECM) technology, offering superior healing options for doctors and patients. We are a dedicated team creating high-quality, innovative solutions that we believe will transform standards of medical care, with the goal of improving the quality of life of every patient for whom our products are used. is committed to becoming and remaining an innovative leader in regenerative medical technology.
Develop and manufacture consistently reliable, high quality medical devices
Evolve our technology into new medical disciplines
Expand our market opportunities domestically and internationally
Achieve a positive return on investment to sustain the company, help it grow, and continue to generate new opportunities for the company and its employees
ACell’s proprietary MatriStem UBM™ (Urinary Bladder Matrix) technology platform is based on an extracellular matrix, or ECM, derived from porcine urinary bladder. The includes an intact epithelial basement membrane surface and lamina propria opposing surface. maintains a proprietary method of processing this raw material. The resulting products possess characteristics that facilitate the body’s own regenerative capabilities and help restore normal site-appropriate tissue.
ACell’s medical devices contain multiple types of carbohydrates, collagens, proteins and other components that facilitate a regenerative process, and are gradually resorbed by the patient following implantation. These characteristics enable a remodeling process in the body that helps reduce scarring and facilitates the restoration of site-appropriate, functional tissue.
Our products offer new application paradigms for surgical procedures and in complex, slow-healing or difficult-to-treat wounds or where leading competitive regenerative therapy treatments have not been effective.
Learn more about our technology and platform here.
manufactures the only commercially available extracellular matrix (ECM) made of urinary bladder matrix (UBM).  ACell’s Cytal® Wound Matrix and MicroMatrix® devices can be used in a broad range of wound management procedures, including the management of diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs), venous leg ulcers (VLUs), pressure ulcers and second degree burns.  Gentrix® Surgical Matrix devices can be used in surgical soft tissue repair to reinforce soft tissue where weakness exists in urological, gynecological and gastrointestinal anatomy.
is committed to further developing and manufacturing its proprietary products for application across surgical and advanced wound care procedures. Unlike other products on the market, offers a treatment alternative with properties that facilitate remodeling and help to prevent scarring.
is investing in several initiatives leveraging the platform that promise to expand solutions for patients and broaden the overall potential for our products.
Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, with more than 300 employees in the United States, celebrated its initial commercial launch in 2010.
Original textACell’s principal management team comprises a group of leaders committed to advancing regenerative medicine for wound and surgical patients with unmet medical needs.
Patrick McBrayer joined as President and Chief Executive Officer in 2016. Mr. McBrayer is on the Board of Directors of Misonix Inc (NASDAQ:MSON), which markets therapeutic ultrasound medical devices world-wide. He has recently advised medical device companies in spine, orthopedics and biotechnology. Mr. McBrayer was President and Chief Executive Officer of AxioMed Spine Corporation until the company was acquired in 2014. AxioMed focused on restoring the native function of the spine with the company’s Freedom total disc spine technology.
Prior to AxioMed, Mr. McBrayer was Chief Executive Officer of Xylos Corporation, a medical biomaterials company. He was also a Founder of Transave Inc. (now Insmed Inc.), a biotechnology company focused on the site specific treatment of lung disease. Prior to joining Xylos, Mr. McBrayer served as President and of Exogen, Inc., a company focused on the non-invasive treatment of musculoskeletal injury and disease, which was acquired by Smith & Nephew, Inc. in 1999.
Previously, Mr. McBrayer was President and of Osteotech, Inc., a worldwide leader in tissue technology (acquired by Medtronic Inc.). He has been responsible for a number of private placements, as well as Osteotech and Exogen’s public offerings. He received the Thomas Alva Edison Patent Award in 1998 for a biological implant for bone repair that is now a market leading product. Prior to joining Osteotech, Mr. McBrayer held positions of increasing responsibility for Johnson & Johnson, Inc.
He has over 20 years healthcare senior management experience and served as an Infantry Officer Company Commander in the Army prior to beginning his business career. Mr. McBrayer is a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point.
Sally Maher joined as Interim Chief Operating Officer in 2018. Ms. Maher continues to serve on the Board of Directors. She previously served as Vice President of Regulatory and Clinical Affairs at Edwards Lifesciences, Critical Care. She has more than 25 years of medical device and combination product experience in regulatory, clinical, reimbursement, healthcare compliance, and product development.
Prior to joining Edwards, Ms. Maher held various Senior Vice President roles at Smith & Nephew’s Advanced Surgical Products Division including: Regulatory and Clinical Affairs, Reimbursement and Healthcare Economics, Healthcare Compliance, Research and Development, and New Business Development. Prior to Smith & Nephew, Ms. Maher worked in regulatory, quality, and clinical roles for various organizations including Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, and the Food and Drug Administration. She received a bachelor’s degree from Ohio Wesleyan University, and a law degree from the University of Baltimore.
Edward O’Brien has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2008. From 2008 until 2013, Mr. O’Brien also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Credit Management Solutions, Inc., a financial services technology company. Prior to joining ACell, Mr. O’Brien held the position of Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller for Transaction Network Services, Inc. from 1999 through 2007.
Dr. Gilbert has served as Chief Science Officer at since 2015, after serving as ACell’s Vice President, Research and Development since 2012. Previously, Dr. Gilbert was Assistant Professor of Surgery, Cardiothoracic Surgery, and Bioengineering at the University of Pittsburgh and was a faculty member of the McGowan Institute for Regenerative Medicine. His research includes the study of processing and use of extracellular matrix scaffold materials (including urinary bladder matrix) for development of regenerative medicine strategies in a variety of body systems. Dr. Gilbert has co-authored more than fifty peer-reviewed articles, several book chapters, and has applied for several patents related to technology. His funding sources included the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation. He has also worked as an Metallurgist for the Perryman Company in Houston, Dr. Gilbert has a in Materials Science and Engineering from Carnegie Mellon University and a Phin Bioengineering from the University of Pittsburgh.
Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer
Bill Hrubes has served as Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer at since 2015, after serving as Senior Director of Compliance and Risk Management since 2014. He has more than 15 years of experience in the development, implementation, and management of compliance and ethics programs in the life sciences industry. Mr. Hrubes previously served as the Compliance Officer for the Joint Reconstruction business of Johnson & Johnson. He has held other leadership roles in compliance and risk management at companies including Smith & Nephew, Novation, Gambro, and Fresenius Medical Care North America.
Patty Meehan has served as ACell’s Vice President, Administrative Services since 2002. She brings more than 30 years of administrative leadership in the financial and healthcare industry to the organization. Before joining ACell, Ms. Meehan was Director of Administration at and Perpetual Leasing Corp. She attended the College of Notre Dame of Maryland.
Darren Doerr has served as the Director of National Sales at since 2019. Mr. Doerr joined in 2009 as a Territory Manager, and his responsibilities quickly increased when he became an Area Manager in 2011. Mr. Doerr then took on the position of Regional Manager in 2014, where he successfully managed a team of over 40 people. Prior to joining ACell, Mr. Doerr was the Founder and of Golf Marketing Concepts. Mr. Doerr is known for delivering exceptional sales results and successfully managing a growing team of sales representatives. He attended the University of Kentucky and then University of North Florida.
Jay Merkel has served as Co-Head of Marketing at since 2018, after serving as Director of Product Marketing and Market Access since 2017. She has 20 years of experience in product development and marketing in the medical device Industry. Prior to joining ACell, Ms. Merkel was the Director of Marketing and Product Management with CareFusion (now BD). Prior to CareFusion, she held marketing and R&roles with Olympus, Braun, and  She has an from Lehigh University and a Bachelor’s of  Science in Mechanical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University.
Arjun Ishwar has served as Co-Head of Marketing at since 2018, after serving as Director of Product Management since 2016.  He has more than 10 years of experience in Sales and Marketing of soft tissue medical devices.  Prior to joining ACell, Mr. Ishwar worked for Integra LifeSciences within their burn and reconstructive division.  He received both a Bachelor of Science degree in Biomedical Engineering and Master of Science degree in Tissue Engineering, with a focus on regenerative extracellular matrix development, from Purdue University.
General Counsel and Vice President, Human Resources
Chris Branch has served as General Counsel and Vice President, Human Resources since 2018 after joining as Deputy General Counsel in 2013. Prior to ACell, he was Chief Litigation Counsel for Catalyst Health Solutions.  Mr. Branch has more than 15 years of experience in outside counsel and in-house counsel roles and a history of executing strategic and tactical legal and business initiatives that minimize risk and drive revenue.  He holds a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center and a Bachelor of Arts in Public Policy from Duke University.
Nino Pionati joined in 2018 as Vice President, International and Business Development.  Prior to ACell, Mr. Pionati was Chief Strategy and Marketing Officer at Alliqua Biomedical.  Prior to his role at Alliqua, he served as Vice President of Marketing for Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceutical’s Essure portfolio and a member of the Global Franchise and Women’s Health Care Leadership teams. Prior to joining Bayer, Mr. Pionati spent over 14 years at ConvaTec and Bristol Myers Squibb, where he held several global marketing positions at the corporate level, including President of Global Marketing, Business Development and International and President of the Intercontinental Region. He also progressed through positions of increasing responsibility during his 13 years at Johnson & Johnson, and co-led the strategic development of internally-backed startup, & Independence Technologies, including sales, service, clinical, regulatory and marketing. He holds an from the University of Pittsburgh’s Katz School of Business and a Bachelors of Commerce in Marketing from Concordia University of Montreal.
