Biopharma Partnerships
Every immune system has a story to tell. 
At Adaptive, we’re writing the next chapter of precision health — powered by immune-driven medicine. 
and Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, partner on the next generation of cell therapy 
Medicare now covers the FDA-cleared clonoSEQ® Assay for patients with multiple myeloma and B-cell  
Coverage available for testing performed on bone marrow samples at time points throughout a patient’s treatment 
clonois an FDA-cleared in vitro diagnostic (IVD) test service for use in B-cell and multiple myeloma patients to detect and monitor measurable residual disease (MRD) in bone marrow samples. clonois also available for use in other lymphoid cancers as a CLIA-regulated laboratory developed test (LDT) service. clonois available by prescription only. For important information about the FDA-cleared uses of clonoSEQ, including test limitations, visit 
Pioneers in immune-driven medicine
Our goal is to meaningfully improve people’s lives by learning from the wisdom of their immune systems. It’s a bold objective that we’re uniquely built to achieve.
WORLD-TEAM
We’re looking for curious, passionate people to help us write the future of immune-driven medicine.
Juxtaposing disciplines leads to discoveries in our field.
Innovative Thinkers
Open minds explore the unimaginable.
Pioneering spirit makes us first to break new ground.
The latest from Announces Medicare Coverage of the clonoSEQ® Assay for Testing in Patients with Multiple Myeloma and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia at Multiple Timepoints Throughout Treatment and Remission
to Enter Into Worldwide Collaboration and License Agreement with Genentech to Develop Personalized Cellular Therapies for the Treatment of Cancer
Grants De Novo Designation for Biotechnologies’ clonoAssay to Detect and Monitor Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) in Patients with Multiple Myeloma and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
Announces a Collaboration With Sanofi to use Adaptive’s clonoSEQ® Assay to Measure Minimal Residual Disease in Active and Future Isatuximab Multiple Myeloma Trials
 Keep up to date with Adaptive.
Join our newsletter.
Corporate/Research
Immune Profiling Platform
Biopharma Partnerships
Join the newsletter
Get news from Biotech in your inbox.
 Yes, would like to receive emails from Biotech. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Biotechnologies, 1551 Eastlake Avenue E., Suite 200, Seattle, WA, 98102. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. 
Emails are serviced by Constant ContactPlatform Overview
Biopharma Partnerships
We are pioneers in immune-driven medicine, empowered by scientific mastery, and fueled by our foresight and curiosity about the immune system.
Two brothers with distinct talents and a singular vision
Meet the Adapters writing the next chapter of precision health
The latest from Read the latest news about in the healthcare industry
Announces Medicare Coverage of the clonoSEQ® Assay for Testing in Patients with Multiple Myeloma and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia at Multiple Timepoints Throughout Treatment and Remission
to Enter Into Worldwide Collaboration and License Agreement with Genentech to Develop Personalized Cellular Therapies for the Treatment of Cancer
Grants De Novo Designation for Biotechnologies’ clonoAssay to Detect and Monitor Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) in Patients with Multiple Myeloma and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia
Announces a Collaboration With Sanofi to use Adaptive’s clonoSEQ® Assay to Measure Minimal Residual Disease in Active and Future Isatuximab Multiple Myeloma Trials
Corporate/Research
Immune Profiling Platform
Biopharma Partnerships
Beyond science and technology, Adapters share an insatiable curiosity that drives them to uncover the wisdom of the immune system and apply that wisdom to help patients. We share a joy in working with likeminded, smart, and passionate people to set and achieve these meaningful goals.
If you’re interested in exploring opportunities, please submit a quick application through our career listings.
We are looking for curious, passionate people with a shared desire to advance science and enable a new dimension of healthcare that will open new possibilities for patients.
Internships at are unique opportunities to contribute to changing the course of medicine, gain exposure to senior leaders, and have some fun. We are always interested in hearing from students and early career candidates who share our passion.
Please submit a quick application through the internship link on the career listings page. 
is one of the fastest growing private companies in the region, and our employees also voted us one of 2018’s Best Places to work.
Corporate/ResearchAbout Us
We’ve spent years laying the scientific and technological groundwork to be the experts on the immune system. With our partners, we’ve spearheaded the discovery and development of its vast applications across healthcare —and it’s just the beginning.
We aim to improve people’s lives by translating the scale and precision of their immune systems into products to diagnose, treat, and monitor disease.
We are a company of clever and collaborative individuals with distinct talents and a singular vision for translating the wisdom of the immune system with precision and at scale.
We enable leaders across various disciplines—immunology, sequencing, computational biology, and software development—to converge every day to uncover more about the immune system.
We empower our partners in the academic and biopharmaceutical communities with our platform, products, services, and data. Together, we’re helping to advance the field of immune-driven medicine.
Gerald Nepom, MD, PHD
Director, Benaroya Research Institute at Virginia Mason, Seattle; and Professor (Affiliate), Department of Immunology, University of Washington School of Medicine
Edus Houston Warren, MD, PHD
Associate Professor, University of Washington; and Associate Member, Program in Immunology, Clinical Research Division, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
David Miklos, MD, PHD
Executive Vice President and Deputy Director, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center
Associate Professor, University of South Florida; and Associate Member, Moffitt Cancer Center
Rafael Fonseca, MD, PHD
Site Director, Hematological Malignancies, and Getz Family Professor of Cancer Chair, Department of Medicine, Mayo Clinic Arizona; Distinguished Mayo Investigator
Paolo Ghia, MD, PHD
Associate Professor, San Raffaele University Scientific Coordinator of the Lymphoma Unit, Department of Oncology, and principal investigator in the Laboratory of Lymphoid Malignancies at the San Raffaele Scientific Institute; Chairman, Basic & Translational Committee of the European Research Initiative on (ERIC) Member, The Advisory Board for the Scientific Programme Committee of the European Hematology Association (EHA)
Thomas Fitzpatrick Professor of Dermatology, Harvard Medical School, and Chairman of Dermatology, Dermatologist in Chief Brigham and Women’s Hospital Dana Farber Cancer Institute
Richard Larson, MD
Professor of Medicine, Section of Hematology/Oncology Director of the Hematologic Malignancies Clinical Research Program, and Chairman of The Leukemia Committee of The Cancer and Leukemia Group B, University of Chicago
Ching-Hon Pui, MD
Member of the Clinical Research Division at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center; Professor of Medicine at the University of Washington
Andrew Zelenetz, MD, PHD
Medical Director, Quality Informatics, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
Director of Solid Tumor Research, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, and Professor of Medicine/Oncology, University of Washington
Director, Center of Immuno-Oncology; and Sharon Crowley Martin Chair (Melanoma) Dana Farber Cancer Institute, and Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School
Co-Director of the Division of Immunology, and Co-leader of the Gastrointestinal Cancers Program in the Department of Oncology and the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins, and Associate Director for Translational Research at the Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins
Hiroyoshi Nishikawa, MD, PHD
Director, Division of Cancer Immunology, National Cancer Center East Japan
Eric Pamer, MD
Chief of the Infectious Diseases Service at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
Ton Schumacher, PHD
Professor of Medicine (Medical Oncology), and Clinical Research Program Leader, Melanoma Program, Yale Cancer Center; Co-Director, Yale in Skin Cancer
Pierre Van Der Bruggen, PHD
Member, Ludwig Institute for Cancer Research in Brussels
Jedd Wolchok, MD, PHD
Chief, Melanoma and Immunotherapeutics Service at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center; Associate Director, Ludwig Center for Cancer Immunotherapy at MSKCC
Professor at the Anderson Cancer Center, University of Texas
Corporate/Research
Yes, would like to receive emails from Biotech. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
Biopharma Partnerships
Innovative Diagnostic Pipeline
Adding new pages to the story of the immune system
At Adaptive, we’re investing in the continued development of blood-based diagnostic applications of our platform, which add new meaning to the stories every patient’s immune system has to tell.
Early Detection
We are developing a suite of diagnostic tests to detect cancer and other diseases at their earliest stage, when they can be more effectively treated, by learning which signals the activated immune receptors in a patient’s blood are specifically responding to. By combining Adaptive’s immune profiling technologies with Microsoft’s large-scale machine learning and cloud computing capabilities, we are working to achieve our ultimate goal of creating a universal diagnostic for disease detection, all from a simple blood test.
For a decade, we have been studying and quantifying the properties of a robust, healthy immune system. Now, we are applying these measurable properties in the context of clinical trials across disease states, including transplantation and immunotherapy, to assess whether the presence of a diverse immune repertoire in a patient’s blood can inform prognosis or predict responses in the clinic. We are also assessing the clinical relevance of a focused and robust immune response within tumor tissue prior to treatment to predict and monitor response to immunotherapy.
Quantifying size and diversity of the human cell allo response
Immune reconstitution/immunocompetence in recipients of kidney plus hematopoietic stem/facilitating cell transplants
cell repertoire following autologous stem cell transplantation for multiple sclerosis
Immuno-Competence Presentations
Neoadjuvant immune checkpoint blockade in high-risk resectable melanoma
Contribution of systemic and somatic factors to clinical response and resistance to PD-L1 blockade in urothelial cancer: An exploratory multi-omic analysis
PD-1 blockade induces responses by inhibiting immune resistance
Corporate/Research
Immune Profiling Platform
Biopharma Partnerships
