Press conference materials on acquisition of shares of CO.,and conversion to a consolidated subsidiary
Manufacture and sales of polymer additives
Manufacture and sales of polymer additives
Manufacture and sales of polymer additives
Manufacture and sales of chemical products
Manufacture and sales of polymer additives
Manufacturing and sales of processed oils and fats, processed foods
Manufacture and sales of chemical products such as polymer additives
Manufacture and sales of chemical products
Manufacture and sales of chemical products,Sales of food products
Manufacture and sales of processed oils and fats
Manufacture and sales of edible processed oils and fats, frozen pie crusts, and related foods
Manufacture and sales of polymer additives
Manufacture and sales of polymer additives
Sales support and market development for Group products
〝To be a company that is progressive and dynamic with a keen attitude towards the new changing tide″〝Creating a better future for the people of the world″
　Based on this Group Management Philosophy, we are developing our business in the global market by using our unique and outstanding technologies to offer cutting-edge products that meet the needs of customers.
　The Group aims to become a global company that contributes to the prosperity of society by creating tomorrow's value through cutting-edge technologies that contribute to society through its own business while leading the world's technologies under the slogan "2025" as the challenge for 2025.
　Based on the results achieved in the previous mid-term management plan which is 3000 II, the 300 mid-term management plan, which is a second stage toward realizing 2025, we aim to achieve consolidated net sales exceeding ¥300 billion (organic growth), an operating income margin of 10%, and a 10% in the final fiscal year (2020) under the basic policy of becoming a good company with sales of over ¥300 billion.
　In addition, the Group has many products and technologies that contribute to reducing the environmental impact of society as a whole. We will deepen the awareness of each and every employee and further strengthen measures to contribute to the sustainable development of society and to resolve social issues.
　We are also keenly aware of the importance of achieving sustainable development while maintaining harmony with society and proactively meeting the expectations of our stakeholders, and are implementing corporate management philosophies that takes into account the common interests of our various stakeholders.
　We look forward to your continued support and encouragement.
Copyright©2017 All Rights Reserved.The origins of go back to Tokyo Denka Kogyosho, a company headed by Furukawa Gomei Kaisha established in 1915 for the purpose of production of electrolytically-produced caustic soda. The company was founded back in those days at the dawn of the chemical industry in Japan with the aim of launching domestic production of soda products, a field that had thus far been dependent on imports. Concomitant with reorganization into a joint-stock company in 1917, the company launched operations under its new name of Asahi Denka Co., Ltd. With the launch of production of hydrogenated oils using hydrogen in 1919, the company expanded its business into the chemical industry with soda and oils and fats as its two mainstays.
Subsequently, the company further expanded, diversifying into the fields of chemicals and food, thus setting its course to the present day. In the field of chemicals, manufactures a wide diversity of products ranging from additives for semi-manufactured organic and inorganic products and plastics to fine-chemical products such as high-functional chemicals for semiconductors and digital home appliances, contributing to a wide range of fields of industry including electronics, automobiles, civil engineering and construction, electrical machinery and paper manufacturing.                      In the field of food, applies it fat and oil processing and emulsification technologies to develop processed oils and fats such as margarine and shortening and processed food products such as whipping cream to support a rich and varied dietary life.
At the present time, has manufacturing plants in Kashima, Chiba, Mie, Fuji, Akashi and Soma as well as R&centers in locations such as Ogu (Tokyo), Urawa and Kuki. The company is also proactively expanding its business by establishing an organization capable of adapting to diversifying market needs by reinforcing its R&and sales capabilities with the addition of affiliate companies through industrial cooperation. Overseas too, is promoting the reinforcement and expansion of its existing overseas plants and, at the same time, expanding its business to regions where growing demand is anticipated.
In keeping with its management policies of "Work hard to be a forward-looking organization by staying on the cutting edge" and "Be a respected member of the world community," endeavors to supply global markets with competitive products of excellence.
was established to produce chlorine and caustic soda by salt electrolysis.
Established CO., for the purpose of selling our products. (the trade name was changed to in 2006)
Listed its stock on the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Established CO., for the purpose of manufacturing and selling hydrogen peroxide products.
Established CO., for the purpose of manufacturing and selling plasticizers and stabilizers for plastics. (the trade name was changed to  CO., in 1963)
Established CO., as a joint venture with Swift of the US.
Participated in the establishment of CO., and Co., Ltd.
Established for the purpose of selling industrial detergent.
Completed Kasei CO., Sodegaura Plant, Chiba. (Now,known as Chiba Plant)
Kuki Plant completed. (closed in 1996)
Completed the development from Ogu Plant to Kashima Plant and Chiba Plant.
Participated in the establishment of CO., for the purpose of manufacturing fatty acids and glycerines.
Participated in the establishment of CO., for the purpose of manufacturing special plasticizer.
Established CO., in Taiwan for the purpose of manufacturing and selling plastic additives.
Acquired capital in CO., for the purpose of manufacturing epoxy resin.
Established HAN-Co.,Ltd. in Korea (in 1997, the name was changed to Co.,Ltd.) as an overseas base for manufacturing plastic additives.
Established in the US.
Established CO., (now changed company name to CORP.)
Took over the operations of epoxy business of CO., LTD.
Established CO., for the purpose of comprehensive construction work including civil engineering and construction, installation of machines and appliances, electric work, pipework, etc.
Mie Plant was the first chemical company in Japan to acquire 14001.
Established an European office in Germany. (incorporated as an overseas affiliated company in 1999)
Completed the new building of R&Laboratory. （Ogu District)
Established in South Korea. (now changed company name to CORP.)
Established CO.,as the original contractor on Logistics of Group. (now changed company name to CORP.)
Established CO.,(now changed company name to CORP.)
Merged CO.,with CO.,into & CO.,(now changed company name to & CORP.)
Asahi Denka Europe GmbH, a German subsidiary , established a joint venture company "SAS" in France with a Swiss company, AG.
Acquired Co.,ltd. from and reorganized it as a subsidiary.
Established CO., in China. (changed company name to (SHANGHAI) CO., in 2006)
Established （KUNSHAN） CO., in China jointly with a Korean company CO., LTD.
Established （SHANGHAI) CO., in China. (now changed company name to (SHANGHAI) CO., LTD.)
Established (CHANGSHU) CO., in China.
Established (ASIA) in Singapore. (now changed company name to (ASIA) LTD.)
Established (SHANGHAI) CO., in China.
Established U.S.A, (now changed company name to CORP.)
Established (CHANGSHU) CO., in China.(now changed company name to FOODS（CHANGSHU) CO., LTD.)
Completed a plant of (CHANGSHU) CO., LTD., a subsidiary in China for manufacturing and selling foods.
Acquired shares of CO., LTD., a food manufacture and distributor, and reorganized it as a subsidiary.
Changed company name from CO., to CORP..
acquires shares of SA, polymer additives manufacturer in France.
and Al established Al LLC, a joint venture company in UAE.
in the established for the purpose of manufacturing and selling vinyl chloride stabilizer in the USA.
acquired a vinyl chloride stabilizer business (DIVISION) from American company Hammond Group Inc.
(ASIA) acquired certification from Ministry of Health of Malaysia.
The structure of (SHANGHAI) CO., was transformed into an investment and renamed as (CHINA) CO., LTD..
Acquired shares of CO., and reorganized it as a subsidiary.
Established a representative office in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam for the purpose of market surveys for chemical and food products.
Acquired shares of CO., and reorganized it as an equity method affiliate.
Formulated "Action Plan to Promote Success of Women in the Workplace."
（CHINA） CO., established (Zhejiang) Co., in China for the purpose of manufacturing and selling chemical products such as polymer additives.
Sales of chemical products, and the development, manufacturing and sales of metal processing oils, etc.
Trading, brokerage and management of real estate, property and life insurance agency, sales in the equipment area, and management of buildings and company-owned apartments.
Development and sales of kitchen detergents for commercial use, industrial detergents, etc.
Manufacturing and sales of mayonnaise products, oil and fat processed food products and processed products using seafood.
Plant engineering, civil architecture, electrical and piping work construction; staff includes first-class architects and building engineers.
Sales of edible oil & fat, foods, and materials for confectionery, Bakery and other Food related industries.
(We acquired the Company in november 2001)
Sales of edible oil & fat, foods, and materials for confectionery, Bakery and other Food related industries.
(We acquired the Company in October 2005)
Manufacturing and sales of flower paste for bread and pouch-packed food.          
Wholesale business of food materials such as edible oils and fats.
Agricultural chemicals, veterinarian medicines, sales and production of pharmaceutical and medical products.
Manufacturing and sales of soap, detergents.
Sales of synthetic resins, chemicals, industrial materials, information materials for electronics, and environmental-related goods
Construction, water and air quality issues, analysis of working environment.
Manufacturing and sales of plasticizers.
Based on the two core businesses "Chemicals" and "Food", the Group offers a wide range of unique products with high technical strength and reliable quality. 
We will create a prosperous future by integrating a number of fundamental technologies and advanced technologies that we have cultivated over many years. We hope Group's business will greatly contribute to people's lives and society regarding "clothing, food, and shelter".
We support a wide range of industrial fields from various inorganic and organic intermediate products to the fine chemical products such as additives for plastics, high performance materials for semiconductors and digital appliances using variety of products from Group.
Additives for polyolefin, stabilizer, plasticizer, flame retardant, others
Photo(light)/Thermal curing resin, photoinitiator, imaging material, High purity semiconductor material, electronic substrate etching device and pharmaceuticals, others
We offer highly value-added products developed by our own technology to prepare breads and sweets sold in bakery and confectionery shops, supermarkets, and convenience stores.
We have other businesses such as design for plant facility, construction and construction management, facility maintenance, logistics, warehousing, vehicles on lease, real estate, insurance agency.
Our Group is developing a global network of business by focusing on our highly competitive and technologically superior product groups in the world market withthe management policies: "To be a  company that is progressive and dynamic with a keen attitude towards the new  changing tide" and "Creating a better future for the people of the world."
While focusing on growing markets with unique excellent technology, we are striving for the leader in the specific market categories where our group is strongly competitive and contributing to promoting global welfare by providing the marketwith products of state-of-the-art and products truly responding to needs of ourcustomers.
Abide by laws and regulations in all corporate activities and conduct fair business in an ethical manner
We abide by domestic and overseas laws and regulations as well as corporate internal rules and conduct fair and transparent business in accordance with social ethics.
Provide safe and high-quality products and services
We develop and provide products and services that truly contribute to the construction of a sound and wealthy society. We provide products and services of safety and high quality, giving first priority to customers’ satisfaction and reassurance.
We acknowledge that voluntary initiatives to the environmental efforts are essential for existence and activities of enterprise. We give special consideration to preservation of the environment by endeavoring to develop and provide environmentally friendly products intended for easy recycling, and aggressively tackling conservation of resources, including energy and waste minimization.
Open and friendly communication and activities, to serve the interest of society and to maintain its trust
We want to be a business enjoying broad and deep-seated trust from the public by emphasizing the dialogue with it. We highly esteem traditional culture and practices not only in Japan, but also in the countries where we are located, and make best efforts to contribute to the development of communities in various aspects, by participating in community activities, disaster relief services and other volunteerism.
Foster corporate transparency by truthfully and accurately disclosing information regarding our business activities
We disclose business information that is useful for society in a timely and appropriate manner.
We fully acknowledge the key relevance of protection of confidential information, including privacy of customers, and deal with such confidential information as customers data stored with us in accordance with the provisions of our house rules, in an appropriate and rigorous way.
Maintain a safe and healthy working environment for our employees
We secure a safe and healthy working environment for employees, respect their human rights, give them impartial and equal treatment, and realize their comfortable and wealthy life. This attitude builds a vibrant company that appreciates their uniqueness and initiatives.
Do not tolerate anti-social forces or behavior
We totally exclude relationships with any anti-social forces and groups which jeopardize order and security in civil society and put undue pressure on business activities. We reject their unreasonable demands aggressively.
Strive to achieve sustainable growth and success for the benefit of our employees, shareholders and society
We seek harmonization as well as co-existence and co-prosperity with civil society, and strive for sound and vital development and an increase of profitability. We aim to do this through fair and transparent management and global and innovative business activities, thereby realizing an appropriate return of our results to society.
