National Science Foundation Award Winner
Custom fabrication of wafers textured with arrays of nanowires of specified height, diameter, and spacing.  Contact us with your specifications for a quotation.
Licensing to clients to manufacture products using ASG's portfolio.
Consulting with firms involved in the development or production of technologies for which nano wires could be applied, including adjacent areas of technology.
(ASG) was formed in 2015 to commercialize nanotechnology co-developed by employees. The applications for this technology include photovoltaics, Li-ion batteries, microfluidics, MEMS, and more.  will work with you to improve your company's performance and reduce costs by helping you incorporate nanowire arrays into your products.
Nanotechnology for the next generation of solar PV, biosensors, batteries, and beyond
View on MobileDr. Fatima Toor
Dr. Fatima Toor collaborates with in the development of our biosensors.  She is a co-inventor of our nanowire biosensor. In addition, Dr. Toor is a world expert on black solar cells.  Professor Fatima Toor is an Assistant Professor in the Electrical and Computer Engineering department. She is also an affiliate member of the University of Iowa Holden Cancer Center - Experimental Therapeutics program. Dr. Toor is the Vice President of Laser Technology Development at an Iowa-based startup Firefly Photonics LLC, which is developing mid-infrared lasers and LEDs for medical and security applications. Her current research involves the design, fabrication, and testing of cutting edge photonics devices for applications in the health, environment, and energy industries. Prior to UIowa, she was a Research Analyst at Lux Research, a multinational technical advisory firm, where she helped global clients make better strategic decisions and monitor the ever changing global solar market. Before joining Lux, Dr. Toor was a Postdoctoral Researcher in the Materials and Devices at the National Renewable Energy Lab (NREL). While at NREL, Dr. Toor improved on the previous best efficiency of nanoporous black crystalline solar cells. Dr. Toor obtained her Ph.and in electrical engineering from Princeton University.  She received her degree with a double major in engineering sciences and physics from Smith College.
Joanne Forziati, Lead Technician
Joanne Forziati is the lead technician for and brings nearly 30 years of experience in high technology  manufacturing and process development to the team.  She is an expert in semiconductor fabrication and measurement technologies including etching, diffusion, sputtering, CVD, evaporation, implantation and more.  She has lead six sigma teams and is certified in Chemical Safety and Handling.  Her experience includes roles at Bandgap Engineering, Skyworks Solutions, SiOnyx, Lincoln Labs, and Analog Devices.
Meet our Team
Co-founder & CEO
Bill Rever is the Chief Marketing and Sales Officer and co-founder of ASG, leading ASG's commercial activities.  Since 2012, he has worked as an independent consultant in solar and renewable energy with clients in industry, investment, and government both in the and abroad. Bill began his career in solar energy in 1982 with industry pioneer Solarex which eventually merged with and became part of Solar in 1999.  He held a variety of roles within that company including applications engineering, project management, product management, marketing, business development and strategy.  In his tenure with Solar and Solarex Bill was involved in the production, marketing, and deployment of over 1 of in over 150 countries including many seminal applications, product innovations and projects. With over 30 years of experience in he is frequently called on as an industry expert and has spoken at numerous conferences and events.
Bill has a in Physics from the Johns Hopkins University, an in Energy Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania, and an from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  He is a member of the Sigma Pi Sigma Physics Honor Society and the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA).  He is a former board member and past President of the Maryland/DC/Virginia chapter of the Solar Energy Industries Association and former Co-Chairman of the Advisory of the North American Semiconductor Industry Association (SEMI).
Marcie Black is and co-founder of Group.  Dr. Black brings to the company expertise in building strong teams, managing development projects, patents, strategy, encouraging a healthy company culture, cost modeling, and running a startup.  In addition, Dr. Black has a strong technical background in the areas of electronic materials, optics, semiconductors, solar cells/photovoltaics, batteries, renewable energy, nanotechnology, device design, and opto-electronics. 
Prior to founding ASG, Marcie was the President and co-founder of Bandgap Engineering, which focused on lowering the cost of solar electricity through black or nanowire solar cells.  Before joining Bandgap, Marcie was a technical staff member at Los Alamos National Laboratory and worked on a variety of nanotechnology and optical systems.  She began at Los Alamos National Labs as a prestigious Director’s Funded Post Doc, developing organic and nano solar cells. Marcie has a Ph.from in Electrical Engineering, under the supervision of Institute Professor, Mildred Dresselhaus.  Prior to her Ph.work, Marcie was a device engineer at Motorola where she was on a small team responsible for combining non-volatile memory and logic onto the same chip.  She improved the manufacturing yields by working with the process engineer to improve silicide formation.  In 2009, she was awarded an R&100 award for her contributions to work at  Marcie also was honored as one of the ten “Women-to-Watch in 2010” by Mass High Tech.  Marcie has over 30+ papers and more than 15 issued patents with many more pending.
Gene Landy advises on licensing, partnerships, and joint development agreements with an emphasis on Chinese companies.  Gene is a shareholder of the law firm of Ruberto, Israel & Weiner, Mr. Landy is Chair of the firm’s Technology Business Group. Gene handles domestic and international transactions for high technology businesses, from start-ups to publicly traded companies. Gene has represented companies in software, web technologies, cloud services, mobile applications, integrated circuits, data analytics, photovoltaics, telecommunications technology, digital entertainment, hardware, e-commerce, games, and other technology fields. His work includes licensing, intellectual property, technology transfer, business sales and acquisitions, and investments. Gene is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Harvard Law School.
Dr. Shoumen Datta
Mitch Tyson is an advisor to particularly in the areas of company building. Mitch is an experienced high tech executive and entrepreneur. He serves on a number of corporate, non-profit, and governmental advisory boards. He lectures on clean energy, entrepreneurship, management, and the triple bottom line and advises early stage companies and entrepreneurs.  Mr. Tyson is the co-founder and serves on the board of the New England Clean Energy Council.  He is also a partner at the Clean Energy Venture Group, and the board chair of the Venture Café Foundation.
Gene Landy, Esq.
Shoumen Datta advises on the use of biosensors, particularly at the intersection of sensors and the internet of things.  Shoumen is the former Senior Vice President of the Industrial Internet Consortium (2013-2016) and Co-Founder and Executive/Research Director of the Forum for Supply Chain Innovation (2001-2009) at the School of Engineering. He has taught Strategy and Management at the Sloan School of Management. He was a Member of the Auto Center at (1999-2003), Data Center (2004-2006) and Energy Initiative (2008-2009). As a Research Scientist, Engineering Systems Division, School of Engineering, he has explored technology innovation, RFID, Ioand data analytics. He has offered executive education courses at and several other institutions in US, and Shoumen earned his Phin Molecular Biology from Rutgers University School of Medicine (UMDNJ) in research collaboration with Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University. He was a Research Fellow in Medicine (Neuro-Endocrinology) at the Massachusetts General Hospital and Instructor in Medicine at Harvard Medical School. He was a Research Associate at the Whitehead Institute at and a member of the Human Genome Project at He was a Research Scientist at University of California School of Medicine, San Francisco, California. In between his careers in research/medicine and engineering/management, he has served in the public sector to improve K-12 public education as a Special Assistant to the City and County of San Francisco, State of California, Science Education Partnership at School of Medicine and Berkeley Pledge initiative at the University of California, Berkeley.
