Established in 2004, AMarketing covers the state of Florida. We call on swimming pool industry distributors, retailers, builders and service companies.
Our mission is to fairly and honestly represent our manufacturers and customers with an eye toward consistent growth. Arepresents a limited number of manufacturers who offer extraordinary, top-quality, innovative products. Our mutual success is largely determined by face-to-face sales calls on a timely basis, listening, responding, and giving you and your customers our best effort.About AAhas decades of experience in sales specifically focusing on the pool and spa industry. Our team is dedicated to selling our manufacturers’ quality products  to retailers, pool and spa installation companies, and other pool-related industries in Florida.
Greg has worked in the swimming pool industry since 1988 after developing a patented swimming pool recreational product. He formed his own sales and marketing company, ultimately selling a complete line of successful products in this category throughout the U.S.
In 1999, Greg sold his company and became National Sales Manager for a new division created after the acquisition.  Several years later, Greg joined AMarketing Group.
In addition to his background working with manufacturers, Greg has knowledge and experience with distributors, dealers, mail order catalogs, and online retail channels of distribution. He has also worked extensively in the customer service area, both on a business to business level and with the end consumer.
Greg resides with his wife in Tampa, Florida.
Jose has been involved in the swimming pool industry for over 25 years. As a native of Peru, he is bilingual and has served in various management capacities with three major swimming pool industry distributors in Florida.
Jose was responsible for the establishment of two different distributor locations from the ground up. With his level of experience, it is natural for him to enjoy a high level of communication with our distributor customer base.
As a result of serving distributor’s customers, he truly understands the needs of service people, dealers, and pool builders putting him in an outstanding position to perform high level detailing for our manufacturers.
Jose resides with his wife in Coconut Creek, FL.