Connecting science and technology with poverty 
Technologies are valued by the impact they generate 
and Management Models 
Integration and collaboration to create economic, social and environmental impact 
World Class is and center, founded in 2010, that generates technology solutions of high economic, social and environmental impact for various industries.
Integrated Objectives Model
model developed by Alfredo Zolezzi, that allows the generation of high economic, social and environmental value projects. Through strategic alliances based on integration and collaboration, articulates actors and projects with large impact potential through the integration of specific objectives. 
Recognized around the world for successful “breakthroughs” in various industries, leverages on the convergence of Technological and Social which we call with Purpose.
along with the Avina Foundation and within an agreement with the Social Development Minister of Chile, launched on December 29, 2014 the “Potable Water for All” project, directed to prove the technology in five central Chile communities that had access only to contaminated water.
has a multidisciplinary team of expert scientists in diverse areas of science and technology.
has ample knowledge in magneto-static, electro-static and electro-mechanic Energy conversion. Additionally, experience in the design
An priority is to be part of the solution for the global hydric crisis, where
has the capability of implementation of microwave application technologies for industrial applications. This is backed
has a long track record in the creation, utilization and control of plasma for various
Across all technological developments, has the capability to model, control and automate the processes in
At we create technology solutions for diverse areas of application and industry. Stemming from applied Innovation, we generate triple impact accelerating the rate of the battle against poverty. 
The Plasma Water Sanitation System (PWSS) is an innovative water treatment system that eliminates 100% of virus and bacteria through the transformation of a continuous flow of contaminated water into plasma. Through a sharp pressure drop inside the reaction chamber, the water is transformed into biphasic liquid-gas stream.
technology is the application of mechanical sound waves to stimulate production and recovery of hydrocarbons. With a global production of 90 million barrels of oil per day and proven reserves exceeding 1,500 billion barrels, promotes quicker monetization and more resources to monetize.
Company – ENERGY – Energy
ALLIANCE – Consorcio de Superconductividad
(AIC) is a technology that seeks to connect science with industry, developing high economic, social and environmental impact solutions. Using the Integrated Objectives Model, an model created by Alfredo Zolezzi and property of the Alfredo Zolezzi Foundation, has propelled diverse innovative business models and developed technology breakthroughs for various industries.  
Founded by Alfredo Zolezzi, is demonstrating with tangible results that it is possible to connect science and technology with overcoming poverty applying available scientific knowledge and industry experience to generate solutions with the potential to reach global scale.
Company – ENERGY – Energy
ALLIANCE – Consorcio de Superconductividad
“Technology and poverty must communicate to accelerate the curve by which we fight all the great challenges that we have as a human race.”
