Changing the course of pain for patients who need it most
Adynxx, located in San Francisco, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots. Adynxx’s unique approach is to transform pain management by approaching pain as a disease rather than a symptom.
Provide safe, non-opioid, long-term pain reduction with a single administration
Tackling high unmet need
Focusing on patients who have the greatest need for innovative pain treatments
FRANCISCO, Calif., December 13, 2018 -- Adynxx, Inc., a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing transformative therapies for pain and inflammatory diseases, today announced receipt of Notice of Award from the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), for an award to support the clinical development of the company’s lead product candidate, brivoligide injection (brivoligide) for postoperative pain.
Experienced management team with a proven track record of success dedicated to improving the life of patients
(– dȳ – nix), located in San Francisco, California, is a clinical stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots.
San Francisco, 94111Adynxx, located in San Francisco, is a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots. Adynxx’s unique approach is to transform pain management by approaching pain as a disease rather than a symptom.
President and Chief Executive Officer
Rick Orr joined in December 2010 as President and Chief Executive Officer, and has more than 15 years of operational, development and legal experience.  Most recently, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Corthera where he led the successful sale of the company to Novartis in February 2010.  Rick previously served as Sr. Vice President, Operations of Cerexa, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Forest Laboratories.  During his tenure at Cerexa, the company completed the successful clinical development of Teflaro® (ceftaroline fosamil), a parenteral antibiotic for the treatment of life-threatening infections.  Rick was one of the founders of Cerexa and served as General Counsel until the company was acquired by Forest Laboratories in January 2007.  Earlier in his career, he served as the Associate General Counsel of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals where he played a central role in structuring the acquisition of Peninsula by Johnson & Johnson.  Prior to working at Peninsula, Rick was an attorney at Cooley LLP.
Rick received a magna cum laude from the University of San Francisco School of Law. He received a from The Ohio State University and an from the University of California, Santa Barbara. Rick is a member of the State Bar of California.
Julien Mamet, PhD
Founder and Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Julien Mamet founded in October 2007 and served as Chief Executive Officer and President through December 2010. He currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer and is a member of the Board of Directors. Julien has extensive pharmaceutical experience in the areas of neuroscience and drug discovery and is the inventor of the technology platform. Prior to Adynxx, he worked at the Research Institute and Novartis Genomics Institute in San Diego, California.
Julien obtained his Phin Pain and Pharmacology at the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology in Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France, where he worked in the laboratory of Prof. Michel Lazdunski, a worldwide leader in pain research with over 600 publications in the field. His graduate work focused on the identification and validation of novel targets for pain drug therapies. In parallel to his Phwork, he taught biochemistry Masters' courses at the University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France. Julien obtained his and in Pharmacology and Genetics at the University Claude Bernard in Lyon, France.
Donald Manning, MD, PhD
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Donald Manning joined in January 2012 continuing a 14 year career in the pharmaceutical industry where he has held positions of increasing scope and responsibility starting at Novartis as Global Head of Analgesics Development to Vice President and Neurosciences Therapeutic Area Head at Celgene, Vice President and Head of Clinical Development at Alpharma, of Medical Affairs at King Pharma and Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at Shionogi Inc.
Don received his BSc in Physiology and Biochemistry from McGill University in Montreal and earned his Phin the laboratory of Dr. Solomon Snyder at Johns Hopkins University where he also earned his He pursued residency training in Anesthesiology, fellowship training in Regional Anesthesia and Pain Management and a Post-Doctoral Fellowship in the Department of Neurosurgery under Dr. James Campbell all at Johns Hopkins. Before joining the pharmaceutical industry Don held clinical academic faculty positions in the Departments of Anesthesiology at Johns Hopkins, where he was co-director of the Pain Management Center and The University of Virginia Health Sciences Center.
Don has lectured and published widely on pain management topics and is a past-president of the Eastern Pain Association, a regional affiliate of the American Pain Society.
Executive Director, Operations
William Martin joined in January 2012 as Director, Operations to head up business development and build the marketing and commercial strategy. Prior to joining Adynxx, Bill ran his own consulting business, advising venture-backed and public life sciences companies on transaction finance and valuation, marketing and commercial strategy, and business development. Bill was Director, Operations at Corthera where he supported business development activities leading to a successful sale to Novartis in February, 2010.  His previous experience also includes The Boston Consulting Group, Raytheon, and Worldwide, a company that models the risk of property damage due to natural disasters.
Bill received his from the Sloan School of Management and holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering Sciences and Economics from Dartmouth College.
Dina Gonzalez joined in 2010 as Controller. Prior to joining Adynxx, Dina served as Controller of Corthera until its acquisition by Novartis. She is responsible for the accounting and business operations of the company. Her career has spanned 20 years in the finance industry, starting as a cost accountant in the semiconductor industry. She has held positions of increasing responsibility at Technology, Philips Semiconductors, Cerexa (acquired by Forest Laboratories), Corthera (acquired by Novartis) as well as consulting with a variety of venture backed companies.
Dina obtained her from St. Mary’s University, San Antonio, Texas. She also holds a in Accounting from St. Mary’s University, San Antonio, Texas and her in Accounting from the University of Texas at San Antonio.
Senior Director, Clinical Operations
Kimberly Hebert joined in October 2011 as Director, Clinical Operations. Her career has spanned 17 years in the biotech industry, starting as a Clinical Operations Assistant, and has held positions of increasing responsibility at Alliance Pharmaceutical, Corp., Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., NovaCardia, Inc., and Merck & Co., Inc. (after NovaCardia was acquired by Merck in 2007). Most recently, she led clinical operations for an international Phase 3 study sponsored by Corthera, Inc., and continued to lead operations for the project after Corthera's acquisition by Novartis in early 2010.
Kim studied in the Clinical Trials Design and Management Extension program at the University of California, San Diego in 2001-2002 and previously studied at the University of Colorado, Boulder.
Board of directors
Dennis Podlesak is a Partner at Domain Associates LLC, an exclusively life science focused venture capital firm.
Dennis joined Domain as a partner in 2007 and since joining the Domain team has served as an active investor, a company founder and as the chief executive officer or executive chairman for a number of portfolio investments, resulting in multiple successful exits, intial public offerings, and new drug approvals to address unmet medical needs.
Most recently, Dennis led the growth and sale of Tobira Therapeutics to Allergan plc in November 2016. He previously served on the board of Avanir Pharmaceuticals through its acquistion by Otsuka Pharmaceuticals in January 2015, and was a founding board member of RightCare Solutions through its acquisiton by Cardinal Health in December 2015.
Currently, in addition to serving as the chairman of the board at Adynxx, Dennis is the chairman of the board at Syndax Pharmaceuticals and a board member of Holdings.
Earlier in his tenure with Domain, Dennis served as the chief executive officer of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals and, after building the company, led its sale to Johnson & Johnson. In his next role, Dennis was a founder and the chief executive officer of Cerexa and led its sale to Forest Laboratories. Dennis was also a founder and the chief executive officer of Calixa Therapeutics and successfully led the growth and subsequent sale of Calixa to Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Dennis also served as executive chairman of Corthera and after repositioning the company into the cardiovascular space, led the sale of Corthera to Novartis AG.
Prior to Domain, Dennis served as senior vice president and head of the North American Business Unit for Novartis and as a member of Novartis' Pharmaceutical Executive Committee and Global Leadership Team. Earlier in his career, Dennis served as vice president and head of the division of Allergan, Inc., and as member of Allergan's Global and North American Management Teams. Dennis spent the first ten years of his career with SmithKline Beecham (now GlaxoSmithKline plc). Dennis received a from Western Illinois University and an from Pepperdine University, and has completed post-graduate studies at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
Eckard Weber, MD
Dr. Eckard Weber is a partner at Domain Associates LLC, where he specializes in creating companies around promising new pharmaceutical products. In addition to serving on the board of directors, Eckard currently serves as chairman of the board at Ocera Therapeutics and Tragara Pharmaceuticals.
He has been founding of multiple biopharmaceutical companies in the Domain portfolio, including Acea Pharmaceuticals, Ascenta Therapeutics, Calixa Therapeutics, Cytovia, Domain Anti Bacterial Acquisition Corporation, NovaCardia, Novacea, Novalar Pharmaceuticals, Ocera Therapeutics, Orexigen Therapeutics, Sonexa Therapeutics, Syndax Pharmaceuticals, Tobira Therapeutics and Tragara Pharmaceuticals.
Eckard was chairman of a number of Domain portfolio companies until their successful exit, including Peninsula Pharmaceuticals (sold to Johnson & Johnson, 2005), Cerexa (sold to Forest Laboratories, 2007), NovaCardia (sold to Merck, 2007), Calixa (sold to Cubist Pharmaceuticals, 2009). He was also a board member of Conforma Therapeutics (sold to Biogen-IDEC, 2006), Cabrellis Pharmaceuticals (sold to Pharmion, 2006) and Tobira Therapeutics (sold to Allergan, 2016).
Previously, Eckard was a tenured professor of pharmacology at the University of California at Irvine. He has more than 20 years of drug discovery and development experience and has been a consultant to biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. He is the inventor or co-inventor of numerous patents and patent applications, and he has published more than 130 papers in scientific periodicals.
Eckard completed his Abitur from Kolping Kolleg, Friedrichshafen, Germany and his from the University of Ulm Medical School, Germany. He received his postdoctoral training in neuroscience at Stanford University Medical School.
Heath Lukatch, PhD
Dr. Lukatch joined the board of directors in 2016. He is a Partner and Managing Director at Biotech, and he currently represents Biotech on the boards of Adynxx, Flexion (Nasdaq: FLXN), Lagunita Bioscience and Satsuma Pharma. Prior to joining Biotech in 2015, Dr Lukatch was a Partner at Novo Ventures (US), where he helped establish Novo Ventures’ San Francisco office. During his 9 years at Novo, Dr. Lukatch served as Chairman of Cianna Medical, Inogen (Nasdaq: INGN), and Spinifex Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Novartis in 2015), and he served as a board member at Amira Pharmaceuticals (acquired by in 2011), AnaptysBio, Elevation Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Sunovion in 2012), Flexion Therapeutics (Nasdaq: FLXN), FoldRx Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Pfizer in 2010), InSound Medical (acquired by Sonova in 2010), Nora Therapeutics and Synosia Therapeutics (acquired by BioTie in 2011), he was also a board observer at Alios BioPharma (acquired by J&in 2014). Prior to joining Novo Ventures (US), Dr. Lukatch was a Managing Director responsible for biotechnology venture investments at Piper Jaffray Ventures and SightLine Partners, where his investments included Dynavax (Nasdaq: DVAX) and Fluidigm (Nasdaq: FLDM). Before Piper Jaffray Ventures, Dr. Lukatch worked as a strategy consultant with McKinsey & Company, where he was a leader in McKinsey’s biotechnology practice. Dr. Lukatch also served as co-founder and of AutoMate Scientific, a biotechnology instrumentation company, and he has held scientific positions with Chiron, Roche Bioscience and Cetus, doing molecular biology, electrophysiology and protein chemistry, respectively. Dr. Lukatch received his Ph.in Neuroscience from Stanford University where he was a Fellow, and his with high honors in Biochemistry from the University of California at Berkeley.
Stan Abel joined the board in 2008, bringing to the company more than 20 years of operational, development and financial management experience. Stan is the President and Chief Executive Officer of SiteOne Therapeutics, a pain company focused on developing a novel platform of highly selective sodium channel 1.7 inhibitors. Stan previously served as Chief Executive Officer of Corthera, Inc., from October 2007 through the successful sale of the company to Novartis in February 2010.  Prior to joining Corthera, Stan served as the Chief Financial Officer of Cerexa, Inc. from its inception in July 2005 through the successful sale of the company to Forest Laboratories in January 2007. Prior to Cerexa‚ Stan was the Chief Financial Officer of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from January 2003 through the sale of the company to Johnson & Johnson in June 2005.  Stan was responsible for all financial activities of the company, raising over $70in private financing and leading the company through the initial public offering process.  Stan also played a key role in structuring the spin-out of Cerexa and the acquisition of Peninsula by Johnson & Johnson.
Earlier in his career‚ Stan spent four years at Eli Lilly and Company within the finance and strategy organizations. He also held a variety of financial leadership positions during his nine years at DowBrands‚ Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company.  Stan received a in business from Indiana University and an M.B.A.‚ with honors‚ from the University of Chicago. He received his from the state of Indiana in 1995.
President and Chief Executive Officer
Rick Orr joined in December 2010 as President and Chief Executive Officer, and has more than 15 years of operational, development and legal experience.  Most recently, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Corthera where he led the successful sale of the company to Novartis in February 2010.  Rick previously served as Sr. Vice President, Operations of Cerexa, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Forest Laboratories.  During his tenure at Cerexa, the company completed the successful clinical development of Teflaro® (ceftaroline fosamil), a parenteral antibiotic for the treatment of life-threatening infections.  Rick was one of the founders of Cerexa and served as General Counsel until the company was acquired by Forest Laboratories in January 2007.  Earlier in his career, he served as the Associate General Counsel of Peninsula Pharmaceuticals where he played a central role in structuring the acquisition of Peninsula by Johnson & Johnson.  Prior to working at Peninsula, Rick was an attorney at Cooley LLP.
Rick received a magna cum laude from the University of San Francisco School of Law. He received a from The Ohio State University and an from the University of California, Santa Barbara. Rick is a member of the State Bar of California.
Julien Mamet, PhD
Founder and Chief Scientific Officer
Dr. Julien Mamet founded in October 2007 and served as Chief Executive Officer and President through December 2010. He currently serves as Chief Scientific Officer and is a member of the Board of Directors. Julien has extensive pharmaceutical experience in the areas of neuroscience and drug discovery and is the inventor of the technology platform. Prior to Adynxx, he worked at the Research Institute and Novartis Genomics Institute in San Diego, California.
Julien obtained his Phin Pain and Pharmacology at the Institute of Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology in Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France, where he worked in the laboratory of Prof. Michel Lazdunski, a worldwide leader in pain research with over 600 publications in the field. His graduate work focused on the identification and validation of novel targets for pain drug therapies. In parallel to his Phwork, he taught biochemistry Masters' courses at the University of Nice-Sophia Antipolis, France. Julien obtained his and in Pharmacology and Genetics at the University Claude Bernard in Lyon, France.
Dir. of Pain Research, Associate Prof. of Anesthesia, Stanford Univ. School of Medicine
Tony Yaksh
Prof. of Anesthesiology and Pharmacology, University of California, San Diego
MD, PhD
Prof. of Perioperative Therapy, Head of Section of Surgical Pathophysiology, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen Univ.
Practice Founder and Exec. Dir., Center for Clinical Research, Winston-Salem, NC
Michael Rowbotham
Emeritus Prof. of Anaesthesia, University of Dundee
President, NorthStar Consulting, Davis, CA
(– dȳ – nix), located in San Francisco, California, is a clinical stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots.
San Francisco, 94111Alliqua BioMedical Inc. and Adynxx, Inc. Announce Merger Agreement to Create NASDAQ-listed Clinical-Stage Pharmaceutical Company with a Focus on Pain and Inflammation
LANGHORNE, Pa. & FRANCISCO, October 12, 2018 — Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. (Nasdaq:ALQA) and Adynxx, Inc., a privately held biopharmaceutical company, today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which the stockholders of would become the majority owners of Alliqua’s outstanding common stock on a fully-diluted basis. The proposed merger will create a public clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing a platform of first-in-class, disease-modifying, non-opioid therapies for the treatment of pain.  Adynxx’s lead product candidate, brivoligide for the reduction of postoperative pain, is intended to provide long-term pain relief and reduced opioid usage with a single administration at the time of surgery in a group of patients with a greater risk of experiencing increased and prolonged pain following surgery.
“We are excited about creating multiple ways for our shareholders to maximize value with Alliqua,” said Dave Johnson, of Alliqua.  “First, as announced in May, we intend to make a special cash dividend to our stockholders before the merger. Second, following an extensive review of strategic alternatives, Alliqua’s Board of Directors has determined that the signing of our definitive agreement with will allow our stockholders the opportunity to enjoy value appreciation in their equity holdings. Finally, we are currently exploring alternatives for our 16,500 square foot custom hydrogel manufacturing facility in Langhorne, Pa. to maximize value for our shareholders.”
“With the ongoing opioid crisis in the United States, there is a critical need for novel and effective non-opioid therapeutics to treat pain and reduce opioid usage,” noted Rick Orr, of Adynxx. “Following this transaction, our goal is to accelerate the development of brivoligide to benefit patients that would otherwise experience greater pain and higher levels of opioid usage following surgery.  We also plan to build a robust pipeline of novel therapeutics for pain and inflammation through development of our earlier-stage internal programs, our ongoing discovery collaboration leveraging artificial intelligence, and additional in-licensing activities.”
“We believe moving into the public markets will allow to rapidly advance brivoligide and create significant value for shareholders,” added Dennis Podlesak, Chairman and Partner of Domain Associates. “The benefits of the merger, combined with the strength of the management team, will also position the company to create additional value through potential pipeline expansion with a strategic focus on pain and inflammatory diseases.”
The results of Adynxx’s Phase 2 studies conducted in patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty suggest that a single administration of brivoligide prior to surgery can reduce both pain with walking and pain at rest following surgery, shorten the period of time needed to achieve mild postoperative pain and reduce the need for postoperative opioids in subjects that are high scorers on the pain catastrophizing scale (PCS), all with a very favorable safety profile.  The clinical profile of brivoligide in high scorers on the will be prospectively evaluated in upcoming Phase 2 clinical studies in total knee arthroplasty and mastectomy. Each trial will involve approximately 130 subjects scoring 16 or greater on the  Both studies are designed to provide guidance for the planned Phase 3 pivotal studies to be initiated after meetings with regulatory authorities. The proposed indication for brivoligide is the treatment of postoperative pain in patients that score 16 or greater on the PCS.
The proposed merger remains subject to certain conditions, including approval by Alliqua’s and Adynxx’s stockholders.
About the Proposed Merger
The merger is structured as a stock-for-stock transaction whereby all of Adynxx’s outstanding shares of common stock and securities convertible into or exercisable for Adynxx’s common stock will be converted into Alliqua common stock and securities convertible into or exercisable for Alliqua common stock.  Under the exchange ratio formula in the merger agreement, immediately after the merger the former securityholders are expected to own approximately 86% of the aggregate number of shares of the Alliqua common stock issued and outstanding following the consummation of the merger, and the existing stockholders of Alliqua are expected to own approximately 14% of the aggregate number of shares of the Alliqua common stock issued and outstanding following the consummation of the merger.  Under certain circumstances further described in the merger agreement, the exchange ratio may be adjusted in a manner that would reduce the percentage of the aggregate number of post-merger shares of Alliqua common stock held by the existing stockholders of Alliqua.
Upon closing of the transaction, Alliqua will be renamed Adynxx, Inc. and will be headquartered in San Francisco under the leadership of Adynxx’s current management team. Prior to closing, Alliqua will seek stockholder approval to conduct a reverse split of its outstanding shares to satisfy listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. The combined company is expected to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under a new ticker symbol. The merger agreement has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company. The transaction is expected to close by the first quarter of 2019, subject to approvals by the stockholders of each company and other customary closing conditions.
Wainwright & Co. is acting as Alliqua’s financial advisor in the transaction and Securities, is acting as financial advisor to Adynxx.  Haynes and Boone, is serving as legal counsel to Alliqua and Cooley is serving as legal counsel to with respect to the transaction.
Alliqua can provide a custom manufacturing solution to partners in the medical device; cosmetics; and industry, utilizing its proprietary hydrogel technology. Alliqua’s electron beam production process, located at its 16,500 square foot manufacturing facility in Langhorne, Pa., allows Alliqua to custom manufacture a wide variety of hydrogels. Alliqua’s hydrogels can be customized for various transdermal applications to address market opportunities in the treatment of wounds as well as the delivery of numerous drugs or other agents for pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries.
For additional information, please visit http://www.alliqua.com. To receive future press releases via email, please visit https://ir.stockpr.com/alliqua/email-alerts.
About Adynxx, Inc., located in San Francisco, is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company developing a potentially transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots – treating the development of pain following surgery or trauma and established chronic pain syndromes. Adynxx`s approach is to transform pain management by approaching pain as a disease rather than a symptom. For more information, visit www.adynxx.com.
About Brivoligide
Brivoligide (AYX1) is an investigational drug intended to reduce acute post-surgical pain with a single administration at the time of surgery. It acts by locally inhibiting EGR1 activity at the time of surgery or trauma in neurons critical to pain sensation, switching off the sequence of events leading to exacerbated pain after surgery, including pain with movement. EGR1 is a transcription factor transiently upregulated in the spinal cord and dorsal root ganglia at the time of surgery or trauma. During this short period of upregulation, EGR1 triggers waves of gene transcription and subsequent protein expression that change neuronal properties, establishing mechanical hypersensitivity and leading to long-term pain arising from a single traumatic incident.
About the Pain Catastrophizing Scale
The Pain Catastrophizing Scale (PCS) is a validated and sensitive 13-item clinical tool, developed in 1995, which assesses the three domains of the catastrophizing construct: rumination, helplessness and magnification. Each item is rated on a zero to four-point scale, with the total score ranging from zero to 52.  Patients with a score of 16 or higher on the are more likely to experience inadequate pain relief following surgery and represent 25-35% of all patients undergoing surgery.  The relationship between score and pain has been extensively documented and more than 600 papers have been published on use of the in acute and chronic pain populations.  Elevated scores on the may reflect altered descending pain modulation neuronal networks associated with enhanced postoperative pain. The can be provided to patients well in advance of surgery and easily integrated into the patient assessment and education flow to reliably identify patients suitable for brivoligide treatment. data were collected in all three Phase 2 studies of brivoligide and show consistent effects in subjects with high scores.
(– dȳ – nix), located in San Francisco, California, is a clinical stage biotechnology company developing a transformative technology platform addressing pain at its molecular roots.
San Francisco, 94111