Converting agricultural waste into high value natural soil amendment products.
Results Based on Science & Technology
utilizes time-proven gasification technologies with modern, automated control systems to convert agricultural waste into a valuable carbonous material and syngas.
Energy’s fully automated and movable gasifier can process many dry, homogenous, cellulosic biomasses. The carbonous material produced, has a high commercial and industrial value as a key component in soil remediation efforts and as a filtration media. The addition of this material into agricultural soils provides significant yield improvements, reduces water usage and is an economical means for sequestering carbon. The syngas can be used as a fuel to produce heating and cooling, electricity, or can be filtered to get pure hydrogen.
Syngas is a blend of combustible gases – hydrogen and carbon monoxide – that can be used as a fuel or further refined to create pure hydrogen.
Biochar is the carbon byproduct of biomass gasification. biochar is a high-quality activated charcoal which has been shown to yield significant benefits to crops in both laboratory and field tests.
Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.Carbon Logic products are derived from grass based biomass and formulated with a proprietary blend of plant derived nutrients and minerals to enhance the growth of Cannabis. Our patented technology allows us to process a wide variety of feedstocks, including those with high silica content, allowing us to Engineer ideal formulations for specific crops. Our automated, continuous flow system maintains narrow operational parameters ensuring unprecedented product consistency.
Cannabis plants have demonstrated no less than a 20% yield increase when grown in soil amended with Carbon Logic products. In addition, Carbon Logic reduces fertilizer and water usage, while providing an economical means for carbon sequestration. Carbon Logic’s current initial product formulations are focused on the Cannabis Industry. Studies are being conducted to expand the product line to include a formulation for tomatoes, and grass seed. Each formulation will be custom designed for each crop to provide significant yield and quality improvements.
Our Products Generate Value During All Stages of Growth
Generating Increased Yields!
Growers realize 5x return on investment!
“When used Carbon Logic in my medical grow, my plants were healthier than ever.  Plants yeiled up to 40% more at harvest”
“was able to increase the number of viable clones produced when rooting in a coco mix amended with Carbon Logic.”
“My plant grew bigger, faster with Carbon Logic. The stalk and stems were stronger and the plant grown with Carbon Logic yielded over 30% more than the plant grown without.  I’ll be using Carbon Logic to grow all my plants.”
 Chris ~Grower for 12 years
“have seen a strengthening in stock and stem, roots on my clones up to 48 hours faster, a healthier root zone when transplanting, and most importantly a 20% yield increase.”
“can go on for days about what the biochar is providing for the plant.”
Sound too good to be true? Give us a shot, we will prove it to you.
Current opportunities available for cannabis producers to receive substantial sample quantities.
Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.Our Story
Founded in 2010 in Spokane, Washington, is a privately held clean-technology company focused on converting agricultural waste into high value natural soil amendment products branded “Carbon Logic”. Energy’s core technology combines time-proven gasification technologies with modern, automated control systems to convert agricultural waste into carbon and minerals. Energy’s fully automated gasification system can process most dry, homogenous, cellulosic biomasses; each of which produce a material with unique properties. The patented system utilizes unique algorithms and continuous feed to ensure consistent production parameters, (flow rate & temperature) creating a consistent, high quality product. The Carbon Logic product line is being developed by blending several biomasses and other plant derived minerals to create ideal supplements custom designed for each crop to provide significant yield and quality improvements.
Family First: Because our company is a group of individuals who bring the support of their family to work each day.
Integrity: Our ownership is reflected in the quality of our products and strong dedication to fulfilling commitments we make.
Practical Innovation: Development of unique and convenient using proven technologies.
Perseverance: Solving an age-old problem is not easy, but we have the tenacity to succeed.
Teamwork: The trust and respect shared by individual employees is extended to include partners and customers.
Syngas is a blend of combustible gases – hydrogen and carbon monoxide – that can be used as a fuel or further refined to create pure hydrogen.
Biochar is the carbon byproduct of biomass gasification. biochar is a high-quality activated charcoal which has been shown to yield significant benefits to crops in both laboratory and field tests.
Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.