Genotyping & Mutation Detection
 Lung and Colon Cancer Research Panels Now Available
The MassSystem enables one-day turnaround times on genetic tests. Best of all, it’s easily integrated into your everyday workflow and scalable to your assay and sample needs.
Our mission is to empower the translation of genomic discoveries into mainstream clinical practice. With the MassSystem, we have helped hundreds of labs transition genetic assays into routine practice for:
Genotyping (SNPs, indels, and CNVs)
European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation Annual Meeting
Newborn Screening and Genetic Testing Symposium
 Technology for Diagnostic Use in China
The MassSystem is an open platform that empowers laboratories to perform a variety of and analysis. The following applications are currently available:
Genotyping and mutation detection
The MassSystem by combines mass spectrometry, sensitive and robust chemistry, and advanced data analysis software to meet the assay design, validation, and performance needs of genomic laboratories.
Learn more about how the MassSystem will keep your lab at the forefront of technology.
Be the first to know: Product updates, 
 company news, and our technology in practice
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.
Privacy Policyis dedicated to advancing the impact of genomics in healthcare and precision medicine. Our highly sensitive and cost-effective mass spectrometry-based platform, the MassARRAY® System, is used globally in diverse fields such as cancer profiling for solid tumors and liquid biopsies, inherited genetic disease testing, pharmacogenetics, agricultural genomics, and clinical research.
Our mission is to equip genomic and clinical testing laboratories with practical solutions that increase productivity and decrease time to results. Whether assessing sample quality, screening samples for actionable mutations, or enabling routine genetic testing for tens to thousands of samples, our products and services help laboratories translate genomic discoveries into mainstream clinical practice.
was formed in 2014, when Telegraph Hill Partners (THP) acquired the Biosciences Division of Sequenom Inc. is a life sciences investment firm that focuses on providing growth capital to life science, medical device, and healthcare product companies.
is headquartered in San Diego, CA, and markets its products in over 30 countries worldwide through direct sales offices in Germany, China, Japan, and Australia, and through an extensive network of distributors.
iPLEX® chemistry for genotyping, copy number variation, and somatic mutation profiling
Learn more about Bioscience, and how to connect with us:
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.1 November 2018
San Diego, CA, November 1, 2018 – Bioscience, a global provider of molecular testing solutions, today announced the release of the Chimeric Panel designed to reduce the time and cost of performing chimerism analysis for bone marrow engraftment monitoring studies. The SNP-based panel is designed for research... Read More
Combining LabChip® Touch Nucleic Acid Analyzer and MassARRAY® for Optimized Liquid Biopsy Workflow San Diego, – (Agena) announced today that they have entered into a collaboration with PerkinElmer, incorporating the LabChip® Touch™ nucleic acid analyzer for quality assessment and quantitation of in the... Read More
San Diego, CA, July 24, 2018 – Bioscience, a global provider of molecular testing solutions, announced today that it has been selected for participation in the CANCER-Consortium.  Agena’s MassARRAY® System will support mutation detection from liquid biopsy samples as part of the consortium’s key work packages in... Read More
New York, (360DX), June 6, 2018 –  For Peter Dansky, expanding a diagnostics company means going where the growth is, and for his firm, China has clearly been the most robust growth opportunity. Agena’s business today largely comprises the former unit of Sequenom, now... Read More
San Diego, CA, November 30, 2017 – Bioscience, a global provider of molecular genetic solutions, today announced it has been selected to participate as an innovative technology provider in the ‘Liquid biopsies and IMAging for improved cancer care’ (LIMA) project. The project has been awarded a EUR... Read More
The collaboration will focus on results interpretation for cancer genomics. San Diego, CA, October 5, 2017– Bioscience, a global provider of molecular genetic solutions and N-of-One Inc., a leader in molecular decision support for oncology, have teamed together to provide interpretation of cancer genomic data generated by the... Read More
San Diego, CA, September 27, 2017 – today announced a comparative study published in highlighting the use of its mass spectrometry-based platform and new, highly sensitive iPLEX® chemistry for detection of somatic mutations in EGFR, KRAS, BRAF, and occurring in non-small cell lung... Read More
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.AgenaCx
Genotyping & Mutation Detection
European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation Annual Meeting
Newborn Screening and Genetic Testing Symposium
The Royal College of Pathologists of Australasia (RCPA) Pathology Update
Austrian Society for Laboratory Coronary Medicine and Clinical Chemistry
“Avoid the Compromise: How the MassSystem Uniquely Addresses Multiple Challenges in Solid Tumor & Liquid Biopsy Testing” 
Human Genetics Society of Australasia
 Key Considerations for Successful Implementation of Cost-Effective PGx Testing in Clinical Laboratories
American Association for Cancer Research (AACR)
The Royal College of Pathologists of Australasia (RCPA) Pathology Update
National Cancer Research Institute Cancer Conference (NCRI)
Annual Meeting of the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology
Newborn Screening & Genetic Testing Symposium
Join us at the “Meet the Manufacturer Session” at 6:00 pm on Sept. 11, 2017
 The Use of ctas a Liquid Biopsy Tool in Cancer Research and Diagnostics
Guest Speaker:  Prof. Dr. Harriet Wikman, Institute of Tumor Biology, University Medical Center, Hamburg-Eppendorf
Novel Mult-Target, Ultrasensitive Detection in Liquid Biopsy
Detection of Mutations in Single Circulating Tumor Cells Using MALDI-Mass Spectrometry
Australasian Society of Diagnostic Genomics Conference
Analytical and Clinical Validation of Cell-Free Assays in Oncology: Efficient Translation to Clinical Care
Ultrasensitive Somatic Mutation Detection in cfDNA
Multiple Tests, One Platform: Achieving Greater Laboratory Efficiency for Targeted Genetic Profiling
Great Lakes Biorepository Research Network Annual Meeting
New Zealand Society for Oncology Conference 2016
Routine molecular subgrouping of medulloblastoma: Bridging the divide between research and the clinic using low-cost, mass spectrometry-based methylomics (
Santorini Conference: Systems, Medicine, Personalised Health & Therapy
Translational Genomics and Epigenomics Symposium
19th Annual Meeting of  Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO)
19th Annual Meeting of Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (CSCO)
How is Driving Down Limit of Detection for Solid Tumours and Liquid Biopsies
National Animal Husbandry Genome Industry Transformation Forum
Webinar: The Role of Pharmacogenetic Testing in Personalized Medicine
Symposium: Liquid Biopsy in Cancer Diagnostics and Treatment
How Nucleic Acid Mass Spec Complements the Needs of Modern Translational Research
Association for Molecular Pathology (AMP) 2015 Annual Meeting
Implementing Highly Sensitive Mass Spectrometry for Routine Targeted Genetic Testing
Hemo ID™: Robust Technology for Focused High Throughput Molecular Blood Group Genotyping
Association for the Advancement of Animal Breeding and Genetics (AAABG) 21st Conference
Clinical Research with MALDI-Mass Spectrometry for Robust and Highly Sensitive Nucleic Acid Detection and Quantification
Actionable Multiplexed Panels for Pharmacogenomic Profiling and Ultra-Sensitive Somatic Mutation Detection Using the MassARRAY
Cost-Effective and Scalable Multiplex Solution for Targeted Mutation Profiling using Bioscience’s MassARRAY
High Throughput PGx Genotyping for Clinical Trial Stratification 
Risk Integration and Quality Management for Medical Device
Aligning Risk Management Data with & Regulatory Inspections to Enhance Risk Processing
London 2015 in conjunction with British Blood Transfusion Society (BBTS) Annual Conference 2015
The European Human Genetics Conference (2015)
54th Society of Toxicology Annual Meeting and ToxExpo
Be the first to know: Product updates, 
 company news, and our technology in practice
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.
Join the biotech company that is dedicated to improving healthcare through revolutionary genetic analysis solutions. Bioscience™ is at the forefront of cutting-edge technologies and ground-breaking clinical diagnostic tests. Headquartered in San Diego, with offices located around the world, we provide the opportunity to collaborate with talented and dedicated scientific leaders while developing and expanding your own career.
We know our strength and competitive advantage comes from our people, so we strive to maintain a motivated team and an environment that supports diversity, encourages creativity, and most importantly, fosters innovation. Our employees are rewarded with excellent compensation and top-notch benefits.
Consider joining the team, where you can help make an impact in revolutionizing medical technology.
If any third parties provide information to us about you, we may combine that information with other information we have about you, and if and to the extent we do, we will treat such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Site collects various information from you in the course of your navigation of the Site, such as the of the site you just came from, the browser version you use, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, ports, date/time, size of data transferred, pages you visit, and other “clickstream” data. We are typically not able to relate such data to you as an individual if you merely browse our Site and do not disclose your identity to us, e.g., in connection with a registration. also uses “cookies” to enhance your Site visit.
Use of Web Beacons: Our web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called a “clear gif”, that allows us to monitor and collect certain limited information about our users, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. Web beacons can be very small and invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including based content, can act as a web beacon. may use web beacons to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate our website, and we may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon. uses web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our website and our marketing campaigns.
Except as otherwise set forth, may use information it collects from you and others to respond to your request, improve the content, services, and products that provides, customize this Site to your preferences, communicate information to you (where you have not expressed a preference otherwise), for our marketing and research analysis, and for other purposes identified to you.
Regarding marketing email communications outside of the scope of Agena, may communicate marketing email messages to subscribed individuals, except when the recipient has chosen to unsubscribe from such email communications. You may unsubscribe from the marketing email communications at any time by contacting or by using the “unsubscribe” feature in the email communication received.
Some marketing and research analysis is conducted by third parties providing data collection and analysis services under contract with Bioscience, utilizing anonymous data collected from cookies. As noted above, you can reject such cookies by following your browser’s instructions. reserves the right to make full use of information that is not in personally identifiable form.
does not provide the personally identifiable information you supply to us to outside mailing lists. may share information about you with Bioscience’s affiliates, successors, and agents/representatives (for example, consultants), which are required to treat the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
takes reasonable steps to safeguard the information you provide to us. For example, all web pages transmitting personal or financial information are encrypted from your client to our servers (which are located in the United States to the extent data on Canadian registered website visitors is concerned) using the standard known as (Secure Sockets Layer). Beyond the barrier your data is protected once it reaches our network through the use of secure multi-tiered firewalls. Portions of your data may also be encrypted on our storage server for additional security. We may disclose personally identifiable information that you provide via this site to respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, regulations, or court orders. Furthermore, we may disclose information provided by you in connection with corporate restructuring, sale or assignment of assets, merger, divestiture, and other changes of control or financial status, in which case we will require the recipient to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Because no system is 100% secure or error-free despite taking commercially reasonable steps, and its affiliates do not promise, and you should not expect, that information you provide to shall remain private under all circumstances. It is your responsibility to safeguard any passwords, numbers, or other special access features associated with your use of the Site.
If you do not wish to receive certain communications from Bioscience, or our affiliates or representatives, you may opt out by: (1) declining the service offered when registering or at other information collection points on the Site, or (2) informing us that you no longer wish to receive such communications. We will comply with such requests unless such communications are required by law or do not require your consent under applicable laws. If you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from affiliates or other third parties with whom we shared data in accordance with this policy, please contact such third parties directly.
You may at any time request access to a summary of your personal information held by Bioscience, and request corrections or updates to that information. will make reasonable efforts to respond promptly to such requests, but reserves the right to limit such requests to once per year per individual. Further, our response to such requests may be limited to information under our direct control.
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.Upcoming Seminars & Webinars
sponsors educational webinars and seminars on the latest topics in molecular testing throughout the world. With presentations by key opinion leaders in applications such as liquid biopsy, tumor profiling, PGx and hereditary genetic testing, these events are not to be missed. Click below to view details and register for an an upcoming event.
Liquid biopsy testing is a rapidly developing clinical application that is largely driven by new and innovative technologies. Join us on February 21st for this Liquid Biopsy seminar, where Oliver Wachter, Prof. Dr. med. Stefan Holdenrieder and... View Details →
PGx testing is increasingly being used to guide patient treatment. It is rapidly evolving and driven by new technologies. Join us to discuss clinical implementation in more detail with Prof. Stefan Russmann, Prof. Markus Béchir, and Dr. Katja Ludin.
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.Terms & Conditions
This content of the website is intended to be a general information resource in regard to the subject matter covered, but is provided solely on an “IS” and “AVAILABLE” basis as noted on this page. is not engaged in rendering medical or other professional services or advice via this Website, and the information provided is not intended to replace medical advice offered by a physician. If you desire or need such services or advice, you should consult a professional healthcare provider. You should not construe Bioscience’s publication of this content as an endorsement by of the views expressed herein, or any warranty or guarantee of any strategy, recommendation, treatment, action, or application of medication or preparation made by the author of the content.
No Warranties: “IS” “AVAILABLE” IMPLIED, MERCHANTABILITY, PURPOSE, ACCURACY, NON-ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENCY, ERROR-VIRUSES.
User Submissions: Certain areas of this Website enable you to access online forums and to submit e-mails, or otherwise provide feedback to Bioscience. does not endorse, and specifically disclaims any responsibility or liability for any content in the forums. In addition, reserves the right to delete, move or edit content, in whole or in part, submitted to the forums that it, in its sole discretion, deems abusive, defamatory, obscene, in violation of intellectual property, privacy, or other proprietary rights, in violation of these terms and conditions, or for any other reason.You agree that by submitting content, you:Will only submit content related to the subject matter of the forum, if applicable, and that complies with applicable law, and will not submit content that is abusive, defamatory, obscene, infringing, threatening, repetitive, or otherwise inappropriate, or that contains any viruses or other software that may adversely affect the operation of another’s computerUnderstand and agree that such content that is submitted to a forum, or feedback page, will be deemed non-confidential; andGrant to the irrevocable right to use, copy, modify, publish, perform, transmit and display such content via any media in accordance with Bioscience’s Privacy Policy, and waive any moral rights you may have in such content. Subject to Bioscience’s Privacy Policy, shall be free to use such content, including any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in such content, for any reason whatsoever.
Location & Governing Law: This Website is operated by from its offices in California, The law of the State of California shall govern these terms and conditions, without giving effect to its conflict of law provisions or your actual state of residence. makes no representation that the information in the Website is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Website from territories where the content of the Website may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Violations and Additional Policies: reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of the rules and regulations set forth in this Website, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to the Website.
Safe Harbor: Except for the historical information set forth in this Website and within its content, information and statements set forth in this Website and within its content, including but not limited to information and statements regarding any anticipated or expected results, benefits, impact, or effect, from or based on the use of Bioscience’s products, applications, services, and laboratory developed test services, forthcoming or planned products, applications, services, and laboratory developed test services, and any statements relating to Bioscience’s goals, plans, missions, opportunities, expectations, beliefs, and the like, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including the risks and uncertainties associated with market demand for and acceptance and use of Bioscience’s technology, products, applications, services, and laboratory developed test services, reliance upon the collaborative efforts of other parties such as, without limitation, healthcare providers, international distributors and licensees, or third parties obtaining or maintaining regulatory approvals that impact Bioscience’s business, government regulation particularly with respect to diagnostic products and laboratory developed tests, publication processes, the performance of designed product enhancements, Bioscience’s ability to develop and commercialize technologies and products, particularly new technologies such as laboratory developed tests, and genetic analysis platforms, Bioscience’s financial position, competition, intellectual property protection and intellectual property rights of others, litigation involving Bioscience, and other risks which may be detailed from time to time by Bioscience. These forward-looking statements are based on information that may change and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement, and undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement to reflect current circumstances.
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.
General.  If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be amended so that it is enforceable to the maximum extent allowed under applicable law and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Bioscience’s failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.Announces Collaboration with PerkinElmer
San Diego, – (Agena) announced today that they have entered into a collaboration with PerkinElmer, incorporating the LabChip® Touch™ nucleic acid analyzer for quality assessment and quantitation of in the upfront workflow of Agena’s MassARRAY® system. The companies have focused on targeting ctin oncology liquid biopsy, where the combined systems support a low cost, yet highly robust, single-day sample to results workflow for laboratories.
“We found the speed of Agena’s Massworkflow and the sensitivity of their UltraSEEK® liquid biopsy assay to be an ideal pairing with the rapid quality assessment using our LabChip Touch system,” said Mark Dupal, PerkinElmer’s Global Portfolio Manager of Automation and Microfluidics, Applied Genomics.
PerkinElmer’s LabChip Touch nucleic acid analyzer provides accurate electrophoretic visual quality assessment and quantitation down to 25 pg/µl for in as little as 30 seconds with flexible sample throughput options including 96-well and 384-well. This provides a streamlined upfront process to Agena’s 96 and 384-chip systems and the Ultrachemistry for liquid biopsy.
“The LabChip Touch system gives our customers a new option to analyze quality that is consistent with the overall value proposition that we offer,” said Mickie Henshall, of Marketing at Bioscience. “We look forward to working with PerkinElmer to provide this comprehensive solution with our cost effective and rapid workflows.”
In evaluations performed by Agena’s Scientific Affairs team, the LabChip system ensured that sufficient was present in the sample to achieve the sensitivity capabilities of the Ultrachemistry while efficiently identifying samples compromised by pre-analytical variables that could result in false negative results.
“Controlling pre-analytical variables is an important component of delivering robust reproducible liquid biopsy analysis. The combination of LabChip Touch nucleic acid analyzer’s sample qualification with Ultraassay’s highly sensitive, multiplexed chemistry delivers a powerful liquid biopsy sample-to-result solution” said Darryl Irwin, Sr. Director of Scientific Affairs at Bioscience. “We believe this collaboration will provide many benefits to customers by optimizing their liquid biopsy performance”.
About develops, manufactures, and supplies genetic analysis systems and reagents, including the MassSystem. The system is a highly sensitive, cost-effective, mass spectrometry-based platform for high-throughput genetic analysis, and is used globally in diverse research fields such as cancer profiling for solid tumors and liquid biopsies, inherited genetic disease testing, pharmacogenetics, agricultural genomics, and clinical research. For more information about Agena, visit www.agenabio.com .
San Diego, CA, November 1, 2018 – Bioscience, a global provider of molecular testing solutions, today announced the release of the Chimeric Panel designed to reduce the time and cost of performing chimerism analysis for bone marrow engraftment monitoring studies. The SNP-based panel is designed for research use with the MassARRAY® system and is accompanied by software which calculates the composition of a post-transplant follow-up specimen in seconds and displays the results in an easy-to-interpret report.
“This panel boosts lab efficiency by replacing cumbersome methods involving capillary electrophoresis and analysis” said Peter Dansky, Chief Executive Officer of Agena. “The simplified workflow and automated reporting reduce the burden on specialized staff and allow results to be calculated much faster than traditional methods.”
The announcement was made during the Association for Molecular Pathology annual meeting in San Antonio, TX.
“is the perfect venue for this discussion” said Dr. Darryl Irwin, Senior Director of Scientific Affairs for following an industry workshop highlighting the panel. “Molecular laboratories are being asked to process increasing numbers of samples using a time-consuming method run on a platform with limited utility. This panel simplifies bone marrow engraftment studies that monitor chimerism and gives labs access to other Massapplications such as cancer profiling for liquid biopsies and pharmacogenetics to name a few.”
About develops, manufactures, and supplies genetic analysis systems and reagents, including the MassARRAY® System. The system is a highly sensitive, cost-effective, mass spectrometry-based platform for high-throughput genetic analysis, and is used globally in diverse research fields such as cancer profiling for solid tumors and liquid biopsies, inherited genetic disease testing, pharmacogenetics, agricultural genomics, and clinical research. For more information about Agena, visit www.agenabio.com .
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.and DaRui Biotechnology Announce China Clearance of MassARRAY® Technology for Diagnostic Use in China
San Diego, and Guangzhou, China, Wednesdy, October 24, 2018 – (Agena) and DaRui Biotechnolog (DaRui) announced today that the MassARRAY® System has formally passed the registration application of Guangdon Food and Drug Administration, becoming the first approved MALDI-mass spectrometry system to directly detect nucleic acids for in vitro diagnostics in China. Commercially branded in China as Massby DaRui, the approval of the MALDI-based system for targeted genetic analysis is the successful culmination of the commercial partnership that was initiated in 2016 between the two companies.
“The approval is a major milestone and demonstrates that the performance, accuracy, and safety of the MassSystem meets these stringent regulatory requirements” said Dr. Ming Li, Chairman of DaRui. “The rapid turn-around time and low per test cost will enable broader adoption of genetic tests, and ultimately benefit more patients in China”.
“We are thrilled with this achievement and look forward with our partnership to introducing a new era of mulit-gene, high-throughput and low-cost routine diagnostic testing in Chinese hospitals and independent laboratories” said Peter Dansky, Chief Executive Officer of Agena.
About develops, manufactures, and supplies genetic analysis systems and reagents, including the MassSystem. The system is a highly sensitive, cost-effective, mass spectrometry-based platform for high-throughput genetic analysis, and is used globally in diverse research fields such as cancer profiling for solid tumors and liquid biopsies, inherited genetic disease testing, pharmacogenetics, agricultural genomics, and clinical research. For more information about Agena, visit www.agenabio.com .
Guangzhou DaRui Biotechnology Co. Ltd. is specialized in diagnostic test development, manufacturing, distribution, technical service and consulting services for the clinical laboratory market in China. The company has long focuses on screening of birth defects, inherited disease, oncology screening and diagnosis, and also the development of advanced immunodiagnostics. The company strives to be an influential corporation in the field of inherited disease and oncology diagnosis. For more information about DaRui Biotechnology, please visit www.daruibiotech.com .
Note: The MassSystem and all products and services listed on this website (except for the Dx System and MassDx) are For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures.