Cancer Research
Driving New  Quality Standards
Helping biopharma research
Improving the economics 
of the lab
broadens its cell analysis portfolio
Aiding the fight against cancer
Controlling pesticide contamination in our food
Protecting the people
Challenged by complex separations?
Speed up analysis and increase peak capacity with InfinityLab 2D-Solutions.
Be the first to know
Receive details about Agilent’s upcoming innovations.
Host cell protein impurities. Be sure
Count on Innovations to streamline your workflow and enable accurate, reproducible results.
Discovering what lies behind opaque barriers
Raman spectroscopy products for chemical identification, pharma quality control, and airport security
Streamline your lab workflow with to keep pace with industry demand.
Enabling personalized medicine
Amplify multiple genomics target in a single experiment with amplicon target amplification.
to Host Webcast of First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call
22 January 2019
Mala Anand to Join Agilent's Board of Directors
Recognized by Forbes as One of America's Best Employers for Diversity
The Manganese in Your Teeth
Researchers Identify a Potential new Cause of Alzheimer's Disease
Spectroscopy Product is Named a "Top Innovation"
22 January 2019
Biosciences
Advanced Analytical (AATI)
Each of the brands in our portfolio is a hallmark of Agilent's innovation and commitment to customer success. Through superior precision, performance, reliability, and insight, the products, services and solutions behind our brands deliver on Agilent’s promise to provide trusted answers to our customers’ most critical questions and challenges.
                CrossLab combines Agilent's innovative laboratory services and consumables competencies, and elevates support for the entire lab by delivering insight that drives improved economic, operating and scientific outcomes.
                Our high-quality diagnostic antibodies, reagents, instruments, software and expertise help pathology laboratories make accurate tissue-based cancer diagnoses and determine the most effective treatment for cancer patients.
OpenSoftware Suite
                Capture, analyze, and share data in ways that add business value. From data collection and analysis to interpretation and management, transform your analytical data into scientific insight.
Dako Flow Cytometry
Dako Specific Proteins
ElectroTen-Blue
GenetiSure
Hi-Plex
Multiplicom
pharmDx
pH-Xtra
Rapid Resolution
StableBond
StrataClone
StreamSelect
SureDirect
SureHyb
SureStart
UltiMetal
VacIon Pumps
VersaPlate
Supply Chain World
 Article — Achieving a Greater Good
Every product manufactures "makes this world a little better every day," says Henrick Ancher-Jensen, Senior Vice President, Agilent, President, Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain. 
Food Quality & Safety Magazine
American Laboratory Magazine
CBRNe WORLD
STAT: First Opinion
to Host Webcast of First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call
Mala Anand to Join Agilent's Board of Directors
Recognized by Forbes as One of America's Best Employers for Diversity
Receives 2018 Innovation Award from 
The Analytical Scientist
to Present at Goldman Sachs Healthcare Conference and Morgan Healthcare Conference
Reports Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results
Expands Cell Analysis R&Capabilities in Ireland
Completes Acquisition of Biosciences
Increases Cash Dividend to 16.4 Cents per Share
Health: You and Your Exposome
Measuring what matters: Q&with Agilent’s Darlene Solomon 
Supply Chain World 
Challenges in Small Molecule Production 
International Biopharmaceutical Industry 
GC×GC–for Forensic Analysis
How To—Automating Liquid Handling
American Laboratory/LabCompare 
Expands Cell Analysis R&Capabilities in Ireland
Rapidmicrobiology 
Authentication of Specialty Tea
Food Quality & Safety Magazine 
22 January 2019
 Microplastics, Analysing the Urban Environment and Safety in the Lab
 Partnering to Advance Healthcare 
 New Frontier in the Fight Against Cancer 
 Cancer Research Using Mass Spectrometry and Technology 
About Working with Working with Whether you are in government, academics, or industry, regards you as a respected colleague working in close collaboration to meet the  bio-analytical measurement challenges of today and tomorrow.
Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct
Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct
 guides our employees on how to conduct themselves with uncompromising integrity, requiring ethical conduct and compliance with the law. If you feel these standards have not been met, or if you have any questions , please contact 
Agilent's Compliance Hotline
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
is committed to conducting its business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner. Find additional information on Agilent's environment and social responsibility policies, expectations of suppliers, Management System, and more at 
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
Quality Policy & Resources
Agilent's Quality Policy is to earn customer loyalty by providing products and services of the highest quality and greatest value.  To find out about Agilent's Quality Policy, Business Management System, certifications, Take Back Program, and more, go to 
Quality Policy & Resources
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great strategic importance. Find information on supplier performance expectations, quality requirements, information and more at 
Find out about Agilent's United States Government business and General Services Administration (GSA) contracts at 
. offers pricing to qualifying Government customers.
builds relationships with universities to recruit top talent college hires, as well as to develop research collaborations through employee participation on campuses as research program and Ph.fellowship mentors. Find out more at 
Standard of Business Conduct
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
Quality Policy & Resources
Thought Leader Program
University Research
The Early Career Professor Award
Supply Chain World
 Article — Achieving a Greater Good
Every product manufactures "makes this world a little better every day," says Henrick Ancher-Jensen, Senior Vice President, Agilent, President, Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain. 
Food Quality & Safety Magazine
American Laboratory Magazine
CBRNe WORLD
STAT: First Opinion
to Host Webcast of First-Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Financial Results Conference Call
Mala Anand to Join Agilent's Board of Directors
Recognized by Forbes as One of America's Best Employers for Diversity
Receives 2018 Innovation Award from 
The Analytical Scientist
to Present at Goldman Sachs Healthcare Conference and Morgan Healthcare Conference
Reports Fourth-Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Financial Results
Expands Cell Analysis R&Capabilities in Ireland
Completes Acquisition of Biosciences
Increases Cash Dividend to 16.4 Cents per Share
Health: You and Your Exposome
Measuring what matters: Q&with Agilent’s Darlene Solomon 
Supply Chain World 
Challenges in Small Molecule Production 
International Biopharmaceutical Industry 
GC×GC–for Forensic Analysis
How To—Automating Liquid Handling
American Laboratory/LabCompare 
Expands Cell Analysis R&Capabilities in Ireland
Rapidmicrobiology 
Authentication of Specialty Tea
Food Quality & Safety Magazine 
22 January 2019
 Microplastics, Analysing the Urban Environment and Safety in the Lab
 Partnering to Advance Healthcare 
 New Frontier in the Fight Against Cancer 
 Cancer Research Using Mass Spectrometry and Technology 
About Working with Working with Whether you are in government, academics, or industry, regards you as a respected colleague working in close collaboration to meet the  bio-analytical measurement challenges of today and tomorrow.
Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct
Agilent's Standards of Business Conduct
 guides our employees on how to conduct themselves with uncompromising integrity, requiring ethical conduct and compliance with the law. If you feel these standards have not been met, or if you have any questions , please contact 
Agilent's Compliance Hotline
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
is committed to conducting its business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner. Find additional information on Agilent's environment and social responsibility policies, expectations of suppliers, Management System, and more at 
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
Quality Policy & Resources
Agilent's Quality Policy is to earn customer loyalty by providing products and services of the highest quality and greatest value.  To find out about Agilent's Quality Policy, Business Management System, certifications, Take Back Program, and more, go to 
Quality Policy & Resources
Agilent's relationships with suppliers are of great strategic importance. Find information on supplier performance expectations, quality requirements, information and more at 
Find out about Agilent's United States Government business and General Services Administration (GSA) contracts at 
. offers pricing to qualifying Government customers.
builds relationships with universities to recruit top talent college hires, as well as to develop research collaborations through employee participation on campuses as research program and Ph.fellowship mentors. Find out more at 
Standard of Business Conduct
Environmental Policy & Social Responsibility
Quality Policy & Resources
Thought Leader Program
University Research
The Early Career Professor Award
FAQApproximately ~14,200 employees
is a significant player in the analytical and diagnostic measurement business.  We are a team of ~ 14,200 employees spread around the world. is truly a Global company that derives significant business from the 3 major geographies.  This is reflected in our placement of sales offices, logistic centers and business facilities around the world and  enables us to ensure the delivery of high quality solutions to our customers.
Approximately ~14,200 employees
is a significant player in the analytical and diagnostic measurement business.  We are a team of ~ 14,200 employees spread around the world. is truly a Global company that derives significant business from the 3 major geographies.  This is reflected in our placement of sales offices, logistic centers and business facilities around the world and  enables us to ensure the delivery of high quality solutions to our customers.
is a leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets. The company provides laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise, enabling customers to gain the insights they seek. Agilent’s expertise and trusted collaboration give them the highest confidence in our solutions.
focuses its expertise on six key markets, where we help our customers achieve their goals:
Food: helps ensure that our global food supply is free of contaminants—whether chemical, viral, bacterial or microbiological. Our customers include government regulators and labs that control food safety, as well as private companies that produce, package and sell food to the public.
Environmental and Forensics: From pesticides to pharmaceutical residues to trace metals, we provide fast, accurate and sensitive methods for monitoring contaminants affecting quality of life. solutions also play an important role in law enforcement by providing robust tools and instruments to analyze and verify evidence at trial, and keeping the world’s top-performing athletes.
Pharmaceutical: has one of the broadest solutions portfolios of any company serving the pharmaceutical industry. Our solutions provide precise answers for every segment of the pharmaceutical industry, from disease research and drug discovery to drug development, manufacturing and quality control. The start-to-finish solution set means customers can get products to market faster. Customers trust us to help them test the purity of their therapeutics. also ensures that their instruments and processes conform to the highest compliance.
Diagnostics: gives doctors a head start in the fight against cancer and other diseases. Our solutions help pathology laboratories deliver fast, accurate information to the doctors, hospitals and medical centers they serve. We help medical professionals make more accurate diagnoses so patients can receive the most effective therapies.
Chemical and Energy: The world runs on energy, and energy companies need to locate, extract and refine fuels efficiently and cost-effectively. Our solutions help customers maximize their production and predict failures in their refineries before they happen. also helps energy researchers investigate biofuels, renewable fuels and other forms of alternate energy.
Research: Most life sciences and diagnostics research is done at top-tier universities, with funding from governments around the world. is helping these researchers learn more about cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, autism and other ailments. Our instruments, software and sample preparation solutions help scientists conduct faster, more accurate research.
Read about the products and solutions that serve these markets. Discuss your laboratory needs with an expert .
Senior Executives and Officers
Download Orgchart (44KB, PDF)
Research Laboratories
The purpose of Research Laboratories is to power Agilent’s growth through breakthrough science and technology.
To complement our product line R&D, Labs looks beyond the evolution of current products and platforms to create the that will underlie tomorrow’s breakthroughs, enabling customers to answer questions at the leading edge of life science, diagnostics and the applied markets. Our horizon is broad, encompassing synergies across and seeding new businesses to create competitive differentiation and compelling value for current and future customers and shareholders.
To accomplish these goals, we attract and retain top technical talent, collaborate extensively with global research leaders in academia, government and industry, and promote a culture of innovation and teamwork across our highly multi-disciplinary staff of life scientists, physical scientists and engineers. The majority of our research is located in the United States in Santa Clara, California, with additional locations in Europe and Asia.
Each of the brands in our portfolio is a hallmark of Agilent's innovation and commitment to customer success. Through superior precision, performance, reliability, and insight, the products, services and solutions behind our brands deliver on Agilent’s promise to provide trusted answers to our customers’ most critical questions and challenges.
Agilent’s culture is based on innovation; trust, respect and teamwork; and uncompromising integrity. Added to these are speed, focus and accountability to meet customer needs and create a culture of performance that draws on the full range of people's skills and aspirations.
is regularly recognized by external organizations for its culture as well as its practices around processes and people.
was created when it spun off from Hewlett-Packard Company in 1999. Since then the company has won hundreds of awards for innovations and has earned even more patents for its inventions. More important is that the number of customers we serve grows each year — another reminder of the power of our partnership.Corporate Social Responsibility Report
is committed to conducting business in an ethical, socially responsible and environmentally sustainable manner. Our Citizenship Objective is to be an economic, intellectual and social asset to each nation and community in which we operate. Agilent's Community Relations and Giving Programs and the Foundation are tangible examples of our commitment to exemplary Corporate Citizenship.
Agilent's Corporate Citizenship commitment is consistent with our Environmental Health and Safety Policy and Human Rights and Labor Policy - all essential for continued business success. Agilent's ISO-14001 certified company-wide environmental management system is used to manage and drive continuous reduction of adverse environmental impacts. For information on Agilent's environmental and social responsibility commitments, performance and goals, view our Corporate Social Responsibility Report and ISO14001 Certificate .
"26000 is a voluntary International Standard providing  guidance on social responsibility. recognizes 26000 as reference document that provides guidance on social responsibility. aligns with  26000 standards as part of our social responsibility practices."
Additional InformationImproving the economics of the lab
Improving the economics of the lab
Laboratories like yours face challenges that go beyond science. Managers run their labs like a business, looking for ways to improve productivity and efficiency so they can improve their return on investment.
Three years ago, launched CrossLab to deliver a new capability to customers. Through CrossLab, is focused on supporting improved laboratory workflows and optimizing lab-wide operations. CrossLab encompasses services for both and non-instruments, columns and supplies, along with experts who provide an array of services such as training and education, inventory management, relocation services, data analytics, lab-management consulting and technology refresh programs that include buy-backs of older instruments.
Focused on your outcomes
In addition to understanding your instruments, our service engineers seek to understand the applications you are running and the software you are using, and will connect you to a team of specialists to help you get the answers you need to develop or optimize your method.  We understand that this analytical outcome is your primary objective.
Beyond the application, the CrossLab capability is built around delivering a number of other key lab outcomes, including better lab economics, improved productivity, cost savings and improved efficiency through better utilization, financial management and more.
Providing support for the next generation of scientists
As analytical chemistry matures as a science, so too do many of the scientists who have worked in the industry for years. Today, many labs are filled with younger scientists who are new to the technology. Moreover, they often have many other responsibilities and new techniques to master. This has created a demand for more training and easier ways of doing things.
CrossLab is addressing this need in several ways:
Through broader access to training for all skill  levels, available online and on site (see University ).
Through "designed in" innovation, including  breakthrough columns and supplies that make instruments easier to maintain and use.
Through CrossLab consulting that includes  support for method development and optimization, as well as lab planning,  utilization monitoring and other data analytics.
CrossLab is also investing in new ways for you to access expertise. One example is the Community, started in 2016, which continues to evolve as a place for scientists to collaborate, ask questions and interact with experts to help solve challenges.
Since 2015, when we launched CrossLab, we’ve added significant resources to our team and have evolved our training processes to support the vision. Our work continues and includes reprocessing the ways we provide access to expertise and support. We’re working with laboratories around the world to understand what we need to do, and ensure we build the capability to support their needs.
Keep watching to see how CrossLab evolves the way delivers for you in the future!
CrossLab is about delivering insight that supports  important outcomes, like better analytical results, higher productivity and  cost savings. We want every interaction you have with us to yield high value  for your lab.
We ask employees to share examples that illustrate  some of the ways this effort around insight has yielded results for labs like  yours. You can see some of their stories here .Controlling pesticide contamination in our food
Controlling pesticide contamination in our food
Pesticides present a challenge:  they are toxic, but we need them. They help farmers produce more food for a  growing global population, but there is concern that the plants we eat are  contaminated. There is also concern that pesticides can get into meats, as a  result of using those same plants to feed our animals.
The key is to make  sure that pesticides are used responsibly and within established limits.
Governments around  the world regulate the use of more than 1,000 substances. But enforcing these  regulations can be challenging, especially as our supply chain becomes  increasingly global.
This is where  technology and solutions from play a critical role.
New technology such as the Q-performs  comprehensive screening for target and non-target compounds.
New from  increase coverage
Over the past 25 years, multi-residue methods based on LC/ and GC/working together have dramatically increased the number of pesticides  that can be detected in a single extract.
But detecting and quantifying larger numbers of compounds is  only part of the challenge. Just as important is how quickly and efficiently  you can do it. Increasing speed and efficiency means that labs have more time  and money to run more samples and therefore mitigate more risk.
For GC/MS, has long offered dedicated pesticide  analyzers based on single-quad and triple-quad mass specs. also offers  Q-GC/MS, which can provide high-resolution accurate mass spectra throughout  the course of the chromatographic separation of a food extract. This data can  be used to search for any potential pesticide using Agilent’s extensive  accurate mass libraries, which also serve to confidently verify the identity  of detections. Labs can therefore expand the scope of their analyses without  having to routinely run all the standards.
For LC/MS, also offers mid- and high-end mass  spectrometers combined with the power of the 1290 Infinity UHPLC.
collaborates with leading institutions such  as Covance Labs to develop tools and methods that help safeguard the global  food chain.
Agilent’s triple quadrupole LC/systems enable labs to  drive large searches of hundreds of compounds and spectrally verify the results  where necessary. The capabilities of our high-end triple-quad system were  recently highlighted in this customer  video . Agilent’s mid-range instrument is also well proven for multi-residue  pesticide analysis. And our Q-LC/systems (once again available with  extensive spectral libraries) offer the same additional scope as our Q- GC/MS.
also offers techniques to remove more of the  co-extractives that can occur in some challenging food matrices. These can  compromise pesticide analysis and contaminate the mass spec over time, increasing  maintenance and associated downtime. For example, our new Enhanced Matrix  Removal — Lipid technology incorporates an innovative sorbent that fits neatly  into a QuEChworkflow to effectively remove lipid co-extractives from  high-fat foods, without compromising the recovery of target compounds. As a  result, labs can perform more selective and reliable analyses, and reduce  instrument maintenance.
works with you to make your pesticide  lab more efficient. Together, we create fewer places where irresponsible  players in the food-supply system can hide.
Today's  food and agriculture industry faces ever-increasing expectation for testing  that is more sensitive, has  more scope, and is more productive and  flexible.
 leads the industry with products and services to help you realize these goals,  so you can deliver on what your customers expect and what regulatory bodies  demand.
Our  instruments, systems, and supplies are used for high-throughput food safety  surveillance and throughout the food production chain.  Our solutions  include incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and  assurance, and packaging.Protecting the people who protect us
Protecting the people who protect us
Around the world, first responders and  counter-terrorism officers are dealing with an ever-increasing number of incidents.  key problem faced by these teams is the identification of unknown substances discovered  at a scene. Any such substance could pose a threat to both nearby individuals and  the general public. It is critical to make a quick and accurate identification before  further escalation.
People on the front line include hazmat teams managing  chemical spillages and "white powder" incidents, narcotics teams assessing a potential  clandestine laboratory, bomb squads responding to suspect packages in a public  place, and customs officials screening parcels for controlled substances.
Handheld chemical identification
number of are routinely used for unknown chemical identification. Handheld Raman spectroscopy systems have been used extensively in hazmat, security and counter-terrorism applications for more than a decade. The majority of systems on the market are able to identify unknown chemicals either by a direct line-of-sight or when the material is contained within thin, transparent bottles and plastic bags. However, the scope of these detectors is limited because they cannot identify samples contained within thick, opaque or colored packaging. The container must be disturbed in order to collect a sample. This decreases operational efficiency and increases the risk of hazardous material exposure to the operator and the public.
Identifying  hazardous materials through unopened opaque containers
Figure 1. hazmat officer identifies the contents of a yellow palm oil container.
Cobalt Light Systems - now part of - introduced  the Resolve handheld Raman system in March 2016. Resolve uses spatially offset Raman spectroscopy  (SORS), a new-generation technique that identifies unknown hazardous and  contraband materials inside unopened opaque containers such as colored  plastics, dark glass, paper, card, wrapping, sacks and fabrics. significantly  increases the scope of real-world samples that can be tackled by first  responders. The Resolve system identifies substances from comprehensive libraries  including explosives, toxic industrial chemicals, chemical warfare agents, and narcotics & new psychoactive substances. Examples include (a sensitive explosive  used in many recent terrorist attacks) and fentanyls (synthetic opioids that  are hundreds to thousands of times more potent than morphine).
Figure 2. Identifying the contents of a package through multiple layers of plastic.
Resolve’s unique capability enables operators to  identify a container’s contents without compromising the integrity of the  packaging in any way. Materials are identified quickly and with no risk of releasing  unknown chemicals. Potentially sensitive materials (e.g. explosives) remain  undisturbed, evidence is preserved, and time spent by first responders in the  "hot zone" (in protective gear) can be used more efficiently.
Resolve is already deployed worldwide in hazmat  response, customs screening, investigation, security, counter terrorism and  policing, as well as military applications (CBRN, and counter-IED(1)).
acquired Cobalt Light Systems, an Oxford UK-based Raman spectroscopy company, in July 2017.
Cobalt's and are used  for handheld chemical identification, airport security liquids screening and  pharmaceutical quality control.DakoLink Staining Management Software
DakoLink Staining Management Software
Staining management software for a new level of lab control and insight.
Minimizes errors to improve patient safety and efficiency
Reduces hands-on time to improve efficiency
Easily provides slide handling information to meet quality and regulatory requirements
Want to hear more about DakoLink Staining Management Software?
DakoLink staining management software connects all of your DakoLink instruments and allows you to easily manage instruments, slides, reagents and protocols.
Designed to meet the challenges of the lab
Today’s pathology laboratories are faced with a unique set of challenges such as ensuring patient safety, improving efficiency and meeting quality and regulatory requirements.
DakoLink is designed to meet these challenges.
Minimize errors with DakoLink
DakoLink LAN/seats are remotely placed computers installed with DakoLink. This enables remote access to DakoLink, from other parts of the building or even from anywhere in the world, enabling the pathologist to request tests digitally. The request is received in real time on the DakoLink workstation in the lab.
DakoLink can also integrate with your Laboratory Information System (LIS). Data information entered into your will appear in DakoLink™ in real time, so the pathologist can enter test requests via in his/her office.
With DakoLink LAN/seats or integration, there is no longer a need for hand-written test requests, reducing the risk of transcription errors.
Integrating DakoLink with also eliminates the need for double order entry, reducing the risk of errors and freeing up time for staff allowing them to focus on other tasks.
DakoLink works for all DakoLink instruments, with just one user-friendly program for everything. This interoperability between different staining platforms facilitates staff training and rotation, which also reduces the risk of errors.
DakoLink Key Benefits: Reduce hands-on time with DakoLink
DakoLink integrates fully with your This means that DakoLink can read barcodes* or create its own unique 2barcode to ensure every slide is uniquely identified. This means that there is no need to re-label slides, thereby reducing hands-on time.
By using a unique barcode, DakoLink™ traces and manages all of the staining steps** and captures all staining protocol and reagent information digitally, so there is no need to write any of this information by hand.
* Provided that can create a barcode unique to the slide level
** Dako CoverStainer only sends information to DakoLink
DakoLink Key Benefits: Easily provide slide handling information with DakoLink
By using a unique barcode, DakoLink accurately and automatically tracks all staining steps, so all information related to the staining process is captured digitally and readily available.
DakoLink also enables you to create customized reports based on the information that is captured, and thereby easily provide any staining-related information requested by quality and regulatory authorities.
Finally, you can easily create reports via the software that help you better manage your workload.
Track and Trace Patient Specimens
With True Positive and DakoLink™, information can be shared between the pathology laboratory and the rest of the hospital as well as from your hospital to other hospitals across the city and beyond.
Welcome To To enhance your online experience and our partnership with you, please select your      country from the lists below.This will ensure that you discover the most relevant      information and services available, including local product news, events, and more.
The Americasdrives new quality standards
drives new quality standards
Chemical manufacturers convert raw materials – such as oil, natural gas, metals and minerals – into more than 70,000 different products. These are used in everything from gasoline in our cars and jet fuel in planes, to cosmetics, plastics and fibers for the textile industry… just to name a few.
Production and commercial trading of these finished products rely heavily on standards set by Standard Development Organizations (SDOs). These standards provide exact specifications required to ensure consistent and quality products are being produced, can be used safely and are not harmful to the environment.
supports numerous SDOs (such as ASTM, ISO, and GHBT) by providing scientific experts who participate in the development and promulgation of new standards. Two new standards have been recently published by with significant sponsorship and analytical support.
Dan Villalanti, Ph.D., president of Triton Analytics, chairman of committee D02.04.and referee for the Journal of Chromatographic Science, shares how products have enabled him to perform challenging analyses – such as simulated distillation – for more than 30 years. > Watch Video
One  new standard, D8110-17 , is a test method for elemental  analysis of distillate fuels by inductively coupled plasma – mass spectrometry (ICP-MS).  This standard provides a solution for the trace determination of elemental contamination  of distillate fuels. Elemental contamination detection of distillate fuels prevents  downstream process problems such as corrosion, catalyst poisoning and other harmful  effects. This standard is key to improving the quality and safety of distillate  fuel-based operations.
Another  new standard sponsored by and recently released is  D8098-17 standard test method for permanent gases in C2 and C3 hydrocarbon products by gas chromatography and  pulse discharge helium ionization. This standard can be used for the early detection  of hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide at level concentrations  in polymer-grade ethylene and propylene.
 is at the forefront of working closely with our customers and leading the way to  establish and drive new standards that help improve the chemicals, fuels and polymers  that are used in our daily lives.
not only complies with worldwide standards – we help drive them as well!
provides custom or standard analyzers configured for your specific energy and chemical analysis applications.
Our product and application experts work with you to achieve the highest productivity and profitability for your lab, while meeting the industry's stringent quality requirements.Helping Biopharma Research Fight Cancer
Helping Biopharma Research Fight Cancer
Over the past few years the outcome for cancer patients has become much more positive, thanks to new and novel therapeutics that are being developed.
One promising new approach involves drugs that rally the body's own immune system to fight the disease. These so-called "immunotherapeutic drugs" are based on monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), large and complex molecules engineered in living cells.(1)
provides a portfolio of products that work together seamlessly to advance new immunotherapeutic drug candidate research from conception to reality. technology solutions include:
1260 Bio-Inert & 1290 Infinity UHPLCs
& Q-mass spectrometers
AssayBravo protein sample preparation
broad portfolio of biocolumns
Current cancer research is advancing with new, targeted therapeutics called "antibody-drug conjugates" (ADCs) that contain both a mAb and a cytotoxin bound together. The mAb imitates the body's immune system, causing it to bind to a target diseased cell. The cytotoxic agent then releases a lethal toxin into the cell.(2)
ADCs are extremely complex, and only a few providers around the world have the technical expertise to develop them. has recently partnered with MabPlex, the largest producer in Asia, to establish a joint lab in Yantai, northeastern China.
Together, and MabPlex will provide an integrated analytical platform for researchers, offer analytical services, and support the sustainable development of China's biopharmaceutical research industry.
For Research Use Only.  Not for use in diagnostic procedures.
(1) Scott  AM, Allison JP, Wolchok Monoclonal antibodies in cancer therapy. Cancer Immun. 2012;12:14.
(2) Alley  SC, Okeley, NM, Senter, Antibody-drug conjugates: Targeted drug delivery  for cancer. Curr. Opin. Chem. Biol. 2010, 14, 529–537.
Modern medicine improves the quality of life for millions of  people every day. 
provides the most innovative and reliable tools to  accelerate the discovery of new treatments and ensure the  safety of pharmaceutical products.
Explore solutions for:broadens its cell analysis portfolio
broadens its cell analysis portfolio
 is helping researchers answer some of the most ground-breaking biological  questions - all with cellular metabolism. Cellular metabolism is the set of chemical reactions that take place within a cell. These reactions  sustain life, allowing cells to grow, divide and respond to their environment, making  metabolism a central aspect of biology.
Altered or abnormal metabolism is observed in a wide range of diseases, from cancer and diabetes to neurodegenerative disorders. In cancer, for example, metabolism is altered to fuel the cells’ rapid growth and division, resulting in the cells becoming dependent on sugar [1]. Studying metabolism is key to understanding these diseases and could lead to the development of future therapies.
An innovative approach to investigating metabolism
Researchers investigating metabolism traditionally measured enzyme activities, protein levels, and the concentration of metabolic substrates such as glucose and lactose. But these techniques provided a static view of metabolism, which is actually a dynamic and rapidly changing cellular process.
Seahorse technology was a leap in the evolution of cellular metabolism analysis. For the first time, this technology allowed researchers to investigate metabolism in live cells, as it happened – capturing the true dynamic changes in their cell’s functions and phenotypes.
An expanded portfolio
Now,  has broadened its portfolio of cell analysis solutions through the acquisition of Luxcel Biosciences . The  new additions, MitoXpress  and pH-Xtra Glycolysis assays, use soluble sensors to analyze metabolism, making  them ideal for high throughput applications. These assays perfectly complement Agilent’s  Seahorse technology , providing researchers with more options to analyze  metabolism.
With Agilent’s expanded range of cell analysis solutions, researchers can easily select the optimum instrument and assay for their biological question, workflow and throughput needs. So more researchers can answer even more questions about cellular metabolism, leading to better understanding of diseases and the discovery of potential therapeutics
For Research Use Only. Not for use in diagnostic procedures
cell analysis technology provides a new window into cell metabolism
Mitochondrial function and glycolysis play critical roles in a variety of cellular processes, including cellular activation, proliferation, differentiation, cell death, and disease progression. Cell Analysis technology enables the measurement of several metabolic parameters and functions using live cells, in real time, enabling researchers to assess energy expenditure, substrate utilization, mitochondrial function, and general cellular homeostasis. Cell Analysis technology is used with many different cell lines, including primary cells, adherent and suspension cell lines, isolated mitochondria, and islets, 3cultures, Zebrafish embryos, elegans, melanogaster, yeast, and other biological materials; and across a number of research areas including cancer, obesity, diabetes, metabolic disorders, immunology, cardiovascular, neurobiology, virology, aging, and more.Cancer is one of today's most devastating and costly  diseases.  Unfortunately, cancer  continues to grow more prevalent around the world, due to a combination of  aging populations, lifestyles and environmental factors.  Approximately 40 percent of us will be  diagnosed with cancer during our lifetimes.
At Agilent, the fight against cancer is at the forefront of  what we do; and Agilent's Dako Pathology Solutions are the cornerstone of this  fight.
The combined strength  of two world-leading brands
In 2012 we acquired Dako, a leading provider of reagents,  instruments, software and expertise.  For  more than half a century, Dako products have helped pathologists make accurate  diagnoses and determine the most effective treatment for cancer patients. Scientific  advancements and groundbreaking discoveries from Dako included the first  conjugated antibodies; the first automation in IHC, H&and special stains;  and the first companion diagnostic test.
While Agilent's Dako brand is well-known within clinical  pathology, we also have a leading presence in many closely related fields,  including the rapidly growing area of genomics.   Pathologists are increasingly sophisticated when it comes to  incorporating molecular solutions in their portfolio, and is uniquely  positioned to provide them with both suites of products.
This strength within pathology staining, genomics and companion  diagnostics helps us to accelerate groundbreaking new from a  research into a clinical setting, and enables us to better serve our  diagnostics customers in bringing robust and timely diagnoses to patients.
Partnering to improve  patient care
partners with research and clinical facilities  worldwide to develop new tools and workflow solutions for discovery and  therapeutic development. And we collaborate with pharmaceutical companies to  advance tools used to uncover the possible causes of cancer – as well a  multitude of other diseases.
solutions are used throughout the pharmaceutical  value chain: From basic research and disease understanding, to drug development  and clinical trials, and in manufacturing and quality control. Numerous  pharmaceutical partners work with us to develop Dako companion diagnostics for  oncology therapeutics, and will increasingly draw from Agilent's extended  portfolio for more diagnostic technologies.
With innovative contributions like this from our Dako  portfolio, holds an even stronger position for enabling researchers and  clinical professionals to understand, diagnose and treat diseases.
We believe that the future of diagnostics lies in continuing to  develop new and better solutions and technologies, then making them accessible  in a routine diagnostic setting. With earlier and more accurate testing,  dramatic improvements in patient care can be within reach.
Diagnostic certainty for every patient is a critical first  step in the fight against cancer.
Agilent's Dako pathology solutions are designed to help hospitals and pathology  laboratories around the world make fast and accurate diagnoses. This enables  the most effective treatment decisions for cancer patients, ultimately  improving patient care and enhancing survival rates.
For in vitro diagnostic use.Expands Cell Analysis R&Capabilities in Ireland | undefined appears to be your location.
New facility incorporates recently acquired Luxcel Biosciences
Inc. (NYSE: A) today announced the opening of a new, purpose-built extension to its Little Island, Cork facility in Ireland. The campus will focus on developing advanced for the analysis of live-cells in real-time.
The expanded state-of-the-art facility incorporates recently acquired Luxcel Biosciences, adding real-time, fluorescence plate reader-based in vitr
entered the cell analysis market in 2015 with the acquisition of Seahorse Bioscience, a leader in the development of specialized instruments and live-cell, kinetic assays. The addition of Luxcel expands Agilent's cell analysis portfolio and brings new capabilities through technology and research which will drive advancements in this fast-evolving field for globally.
"Technological progression allowing researchers to examine cell health and function kinetically, and in real-time, are driving global demand for complete cell analysis solutions," said Todd Christian, general manager, Cell Analysis Division. "The Luxcel acquisition and Ireland expansion underscore Agilent's continued commitment to the growing cell analysis market."
"We're excited that has invested in Ireland," said Martin Shanahan, chief executive officer, Ireland. "Luxcel has partnerships and active research programs in Ireland, and with major and research institutions. This expansion will not only provide the most up-to-date and advanced solutions for Agilent's customers but will have a significant positive impact within the Irish and European innovation ecosystem."
About Inc. (NYSE: A) is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics, and applied chemical markets. With more than 50 years of insight and innovation, instruments, software, services, solutions, and people provide trusted answers to customers' most challenging questions. The company generated revenues of $4.47 billion in fiscal 2017 and employs 14,500 people worldwide. Information about is available at www.agilent.com . To receive the latest news,  subscribe to our Newsroom .
Contactundefined appears to be your location.
CLARA, Calif., November 19, 2018
Fourth Quarter
Q4  revenue of $1.29 billion, representing growth of 9 percent with core revenue  growth of 9 percent(1)
share(2),  an increase of 21 percent from 2017
Board  authorizes new $1.75 billion share repurchase program
Full Year
Full  year revenue of $4.91 billion, representing 10 percent growth and core growth  of 7 percent(1)
Full  year net income of $316 million, or $0.97 per share
Full  year non-net income of $907 million, or $2.79 per share(2), an  increase of 18 percent from 2017
Fiscal  year 2019 revenue guidance of $5.13 billion to $5.17 billion, representing growth of  4.4 to 5.2 percent and core growth of 5.0 to 5.5 percent(1). Non-earnings guidance of $3.00 to  $3.05 per share(3)
First-quarter  fiscal year 2019 revenue guidance of $1.265 billion to $1.280 billion, representing growth of 4.4  to 5.7 percent and core revenue growth of 4.5 to 5.5 percent(1). Non-earnings guidance of $0.71 to $0.73 per  share(3)
Technologies, Inc.  (NYSE: A) today reported revenue of  $1.29 billion for the fourth-quarter ended October 31, 2018, up 9 percent year  over year (up 9 percent on a core basis(1)).
Fourth-quarter net income  was $195 million, or $0.61 per share. Last year's fourth-quarter net income  was $177 million, or $0.54 per share.
"The team delivered an outstanding  quarter to wrap up the fiscal year with revenues and earnings per share ahead  of expectations," said Mike McMullen,  and President. "Our performance this quarter caps off an excellent  2018 as we achieved our highest annual core growth rate and profitability since  becoming a stand-alone life sciences company in 2014."
"During the quarter we continued our investment in growth introducing new  and differentiated products and services," continued McMullen. "We leveraged our strong balance sheet completing several acquisitions  to further strengthen our portfolio. We also returned over $600 million to  shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends this year.
"We enter fiscal 2019 with  momentum. Our focus remains on executing our shareholder value  creation model to deliver superior earnings growth."
Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group
Fourth-quarter revenue of  $597 million from Agilent's Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group (LSAG) grew  8 percent year over year (up 9 percent on a core basis(1)),  with broad-based strength across major end markets, platforms and regions.  LSAG's operating margin for the quarter was 25.9  percent.  Full-year revenue of $2.3  billion grew 9 percent year over year (up 7 percent on a core basis(1)).  LSAG's operating margin for the year was 24.1 percent.
Fourth-quarter revenue of  $441 million from CrossLab Group (ACG) grew 9 percent year over year  (up 9 percent on a core basis(1)).  Demand was  excellent across both services and consumables. ACG's operating margin for the quarter was 24.7 percent.  Full-year revenue of $1.7 billion grew 11  percent year over year (up 8 percent on a core basis(1)). ACG's operating margin for the year was 23.3  percent.
Diagnostics and Genomics Group
Fourth-quarter revenue of  $256 million from Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group (DGG) grew 9 percent  year over year (up 5 percent on a core basis(1))  led by pharma growth and strong demand for genomics and products. DGG's operating margin for the quarter was 23.3 percent.  Full-year revenue of $943 million grew 10 percent year over year (up 5 percent  on a core basis(1)).  DGG's operating margin for the year was 18.9 percent.
2019 First Quarter and Full Year Outlook
expects first-quarter  2019 revenue in the range of $1.265 billion to $1.280 billion, representing growth of 4.4  to 5.7 percent and core revenue growth of 4.5 to 5.5 percent(1). First-quarter 2019 non-earnings are  expected to be in the range of $0.71 to $0.73 per share(3).
New Share Repurchase Program
Agilent's  Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the  purchase of up to $1.75 billion of common stock. The 2018 share repurchase  program commences on November 21, 2018, replacing the previous program.
The number of shares to be repurchased and the timing of  any repurchases will depend on factors such as the share price, economic and  market conditions, and corporate and regulatory requirements. The share repurchase  program may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time.
Agilent's management will present more details about its  fourth-quarter FY2018 financial results on a conference call with investors  today at 1:30 p.m. (Pacific Time). This event will be webcast live in  listen-only mode. Listeners may log on at www.investor.agilent.com and  select "Q4 2018 Inc. Earnings Conference Call" in the  "News & Events Calendar of Events" section. The webcast will remain  available on the company's website for 90 days.
Additional information regarding financial results can be found  at www.investor.agilent.com by  selecting "Financial Results" in the "Financial Information" section.
(In millions, except per share amounts)
Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share:
and 322 million shares at October 31, 2017, issued
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used            in) operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
Accounts receivable, net
Investments in property, plant and equipment
Payment of taxes related to net share settlement of equity awards
Income tax payments (refunds), net
(In millions, except per share amounts)
ACQUISITIONS,            (CORE)
ACQUISITIONS,            (CORE)
Inc.  (NYSE: A) is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical  markets.With  more than 50 years of insight and innovation, instruments, software,  services, solutions and people provide trusted answers to its customers’ most  challenging questions. The company generated revenues of $4.91 billion in  fiscal 2018 and employs 14,500 people worldwide. Information  about is available at www.agilent.com .
Forward-Looking  Statements
(1) Core  revenue growth excludes the impact of currency and acquisitions and  divestitures within the past 12 months. Core revenue is a non-measure.  reconciliation between Q4 FY18 and full fiscal year 2018 revenue and core  revenue is set forth on pages 6 and 7 of the attached tables along with  additional information regarding the use of this non-measure. Core revenue  growth rate as projected for Q1 FY19 and full fiscal year 2019 excludes the  impact of currency, acquisitions and divestitures within the past 12 months.  Most of the excluded amounts pertain to events that have not yet occurred and  are not currently possible to estimate with a reasonable degree of accuracy and  could differ materially. Therefore, no reconciliation to amounts has been  provided for the projection.
(2) Non- net income and non-earnings per share primarily exclude the impacts of  non-cash asset impairments and intangibles amortization, business exit and  divestiture costs, transformational initiatives, acquisition and integration  costs, pension settlement gain, gain on step acquisition of Lasergen, Nucleic  Acid Solutions Division (“NASD”) site costs and special compliance costs. We  also exclude any tax benefits or expenses that are not directly related to  ongoing operations and which are either isolated or are not expected to occur  again with any regularity or predictability. reconciliation between non- net income and net income is set forth on page 4 of the attached tables  along with additional information regarding the use of this non-measure.
(3) Non-earnings per share as projected for Q1 FY19  and full fiscal year 2019 excludes primarily the impacts of non-cash asset  impairments and intangibles amortization, business exit and divestiture costs,  transformational initiatives, acquisition and integration costs, pension  settlement gain, Nucleic Acid Solutions Division (“NASD”) site costs and  special compliance costs. We also exclude any tax benefits that are not  directly related to ongoing operations and which are either isolated or are not  expected to occur again with any regularity or predictability, including the  impact of Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act (Tax Reform). Most of these excluded amounts that pertain to events  that have not yet occurred and are not currently possible to estimate with a  reasonable degree of accuracy and could differ materially. Therefore, no  reconciliation to amounts has been provided. Future amortization of  intangibles is expected to be approximately $26 million per quarter.
TechnologiesAcquisition Brings Together Two Pioneers in Cellular Function and Metabolism Measurements
Inc. (NYSE: A) today announced it has completed the acquisition of  Biosciences Inc. (ACEA), a developer of cutting-edge cell analysis tools, for $250  million in cash. This acquisition brings together two pioneers  in cellular function and metabolism measurements focused on real-time, live  cell analyses.
has developed  two ground-breaking platforms that are complementary to Agilent's current  portfolio. The xCELLigence® technology is a unique impedance platform for label-free, real-time cellular  function measurements used in immuno-oncology, pre-clinical drug discovery and development, as well  as in basic academic research. This technology is complemented by the  introduction in recent years of the NovoCyte® and NovoCyte Quanteon™  portfolio of high performance bench top flow cytometry systems.
also markets a  clinical configuration of the NovoCyte platform, currently commercialized in  China. This provides a unique opportunity in combination with Agilent's Reagent  Partnership business within Agilent's Diagnostics and Genomics Group which  provides reagents for flow cytometry.
"The and teams are united by a common goal  to provide the most innovative high-performance solutions for cell analysis," said Todd Christian, Vice President & General  Manager of Agilent's Cell Analysis Division. "We are excited for the opportunities  we have as a newly combined team to provide the most advanced tools for scientists performing cell  analysis workflows."
is Agilent's second acquisition this year in the  cell analysis space. In January, acquired Luxcel Biosciences, a developer of real-time fluorescence plate-reader based in vitro cell assay kits. Cell  analysis is a key area of strategic focus for Agilent.
was founded in 2002 and has its headquarters in  San Diego and a large manufacturing and R&footprint in Hangzhou, China. More  than 2,500 instruments have been placed globally and have been used in  more than 1,800 peer-reviewed publications.
About  Inc. (NYSE: A) is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics,  and applied chemical markets. With more than 50 years of insight and  innovation, instruments, software, services, solutions, and people  provide trusted answers to customers' most challenging questions. The company  generated revenues of $4.47 billion in fiscal 2017 and employs 14,500 people  worldwide. Information about is available at  www.agilent.com . To receive the latest news,  subscribe to our Newsroom .
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is subject to the safe harbors created therein. The forward-looking statements contained herein include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the opportunities the acquisition brings. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause Agilent’s results to differ materially from management’s current expectations. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the ability to integrate ACEA’s operations with Agilent’s, retain key employees, meet customer expectations and realize efficiencies from the combined businesses. In addition, other risks that faces in running its operations include the ability to execute successfully through business cycles; the ability to meet and achieve the benefits of its cost-reduction goals and otherwise successfully adapt its cost structures to continuing changes in business conditions; ongoing competitive, pricing and gross-margin pressures; the risk that our cost-cutting initiatives will impair our ability to develop products and remain competitive and to operate effectively; the impact of geopolitical uncertainties and global economic conditions on our operations, our markets and our ability to conduct business; the ability to improve asset performance to adapt to changes in demand; the ability of our supply chain to adapt to changes in demand; the ability to successfully introduce new products at the right time, price and mix; the ability of to successfully integrate recent acquisitions; the ability of to successfully comply with certain complex regulations; and other risks detailed in Agilent’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our quarterly report on Form 10-for the quarter ended July 31, 2018. Forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Agilent’s management and on currently available information. undertakes no responsibility to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement.
