 Human Physiology lends itself to the accurate measurement of alcohol content in the body.
 As an ODM, has supported the world-wide enforcement of Impaired Driving Laws for nearly 40 years by designing and building robust and accurate alcohol measuring tools used by Law Enforcement personnel.
The Quality Management System of Alcotek, Inc. is currently certified to the 9001:2015 standard.
This certification covers all locations and all operations that affect delivered product and services. has been continuously certified to 9001 since 2000.
We're currently offline. Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.
By producing products they can sell. By delivering products on time. By delivering error free products. By providing competitively priced products. By helping our customer deliver to their customer. By Alcotek’s management and employees being committed to comply with the requirements of the Quality Management System and to continuously review and improve the Quality Management System.
Quality PolicyAlcotek, Inc. was founded in 1979 by Karl Wolf in his Webster Groves, Missouri basement as a spin-off from a previous company that he helped found in 1958 and which still exists today. The founding mission of was as an to build small quantities of hand-held alcohol breath test screening devices, using fuel cells as sensors.
was fortunate to be staked in an industry that offered good business opportunities as well as the satisfaction of supporting the public good. has thrived alongside a continual and growing cultural awareness of the need for better law enforcement tools to combat drunk driving
Today we occupy nearly 20,000 square feet of engineering, design, production, and administrative space with nearly 50 employees in Greater St. Louis. We have vast experience working with some of the world’s most accomplished companies in the field of breath alcohol testing. We design and manufacture handheld and desktop alcohol breath testers of the highest quality, capable of producing evidentiary results. Products we have designed and built are sold worldwide in dozens of countries, to law enforcement and private industry.
We continuously look for new opportunities to expand our business. By building on our vast experience and our extensive and accomplished skill set, we see the opportunity to be a valuable and reliable asset for our customers, old and new.
We're currently offline. Send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.