Seeing Brown, Blue, Green, and Every Color in Between
closer look at the science behind eye color.
Novartis announces intention to spinoff Transaction would create world leading eye care devices company.
Appoints Roger Lopez as Region President Japan as Jim Murphy Retires After Nearly 25-Years with Company
Introduces New Medical Affairs Website in North America, Expanding Support for Patient Care and Clinical Community
Supports Future Leaders of Ophthalmology With Launch of Retina Fellows Institute
has one mission: to provide innovative products that enhance quality of life by helping people see better.
Information and resources for healthcare professionals.
Content is intended for a global audience
As the global leader in eye care, develops and manufactures innovative medicines and devices to serve the full life cycle of eye care needs.
As the global leader in eye care, we take our corporate responsibilities seriously, and continually strive to do the right thing for our customers and their patients, our company, our employees, our stakeholders and our communities.
has more than 20,000 associates in 74 countries, collectively working to provide innovative products that enhance quality of life by helping people see better.
Content is intended for a global audience
The Directive 2009/136/states that we can store cookies on your machine, if they are essential to the operation of this site, but that for all others we need your permission to do so.
Novartis sites can use some non-essential cookies. We do not do this to track individual users or to identify them, but to gain useful knowledge about how the sites are used so that we can keep improving them for our users. Without the knowledge we gain from the systems that use these cookies we would not be able to provide the service we do.
If you use parts of the site that require registration to access content, we will place an “authentication cookie” on your computer. This allows you to leave and return to these parts of the site without re-authenticating yourself.
Any data collected by using these cookies will be stored and managed by Novartis or one of its trusted affiliates in countries Novartis operates in.
For more information or how to contact Novartis, please refer to the  Novartis Data Privacy Policy .
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
Problems redeeming a coupon or rebate offer
Internships and co-op opportunities
For non-information contact the local country office.
For non-events contact the local country office
Content is intended for a global audience
has one mission: to provide innovative products that enhance quality of life by helping people see better.
is helping people see the world better through advanced surgical and vision care products.
Alcon's leadership is grounded in cutting-edge innovation and breakthrough technology, transforming the way we treat eye diseases and conditions.
The leadership team drives us to do what we do best. Learn about our Executive Leadership Team and their dedication to and its mission.
was founded in 1945 as a small ophthalmic shop in Fort Worth, Texas.
Pure Joy – The Mercy Vision Program
We’re driven to find solutions for the world’s most pressing eye care needs.
Content is intended for a global audience
At Alcon, we recognize that our success depends on the creativity, dedication and performance of our associates. That’s why we foster a performance-oriented culture that encourages achievement through collaboration and innovation . This culture is reflected in our product pipeline , one of the most exciting in the industry today. We depend on our diverse and talented associates to bring a full spectrum of innovative medicines and devices to patients that address their eye care needs, creating one of the most rewarding work environments in our industry.
ensures each employee has the tools and resources necessary to achieve their personal health and wellness goals.
associates engage worldwide to improve eye care on a local level through service projects and community-based volunteer activities.
Diversity helps drive Alcon’s innovation .  As our customer base becomes increasingly diverse, employing individuals with a variety of backgrounds becomes critical in being able to better understand patient and customer needs, and provide innovative solutions.
We value the differences amongst our associates, including race, ethnicity, religion, gender, age, sexual orientation and disability. This extends to inclusive leadership and teamwork, an essential component of our collaborative culture. By enabling individuals and groups to contribute their unique perspectives, we are allowing for more creative ideas and better solutions.
Diversity and inclusion add value not only for our associates, but also for our patients, customers, shareholders, and the communities in which we live and work.
Life at combines a dynamic, positive work environment with our commitment to helping people see better.Navigation
As the global leader in eye care, is committed to helping people see better.
At Alcon, we want to ensure that innovative eye care products are within reach of those who need them.
seeks to continually identify and partner with best-in-class diverse suppliers.
We’re driven to find solutions for the world’s most pressing eye care needs.
Content is intended for a global audience
We have one mission: to provide innovative products that enhance quality of life by helping people see better. Together with 
, we offer the widest spectrum of products in eye care. This enables us to serve our customers through the full life cycle of patient needs across eye diseases, vision conditions and refractive errors.
The Novartis Declaration for Patients spells out our commitments in five areas, from safety to clinical trials.
Our vision is to be the most trusted leader in eye care. By serving and working with people worldwide, we are building our reputation, while addressing the growing eye care demands of the future.
Content is intended for a global audience
Community Partnership Day (CPD), our annual day of volunteering, unites associates from across all Novartis divisions for one common goal - to strengthen our communities. Volunteering on gives us the opportunity to connect with one another, with our neighbors and with causes that matter to us. On CPD, our collective impact makes a difference in the lives of people in need.
Content is intended for a global audience
Poor vision keeps individuals from achieving their potential and living full, independent lives.
Building sustainable eye care in emerging markets, such as China, India and Russia, is a key priority for Alcon.
Expanding access to quality eye care is impossible without first expanding access to education and hands-on training.
Pure Joy – The Mercy Vision Program
We’re driven to find solutions for the world’s most pressing eye care needs.
Content is intended for a global audience
is the global leader in the highly attractive and growing $23 billion eye care devices market
Market leading development capabilities and innovation investments
Clearly defined near and long-term strategy, focused on sales growth, operational excellence and free cash flow generation
20,000+ employees dedicated to eye care, with a strong and experienced management team
New York, November 27, 2018 — Alcon, the eye care division of Novartis, will today hold its first Capital Markets Day for investors and analysts in relation to the previously-announced intention of Novartis to execute a tax-neutral, 100% spinoff of the business. If the transaction proceeds, shares in Inc. will be listed on the Swiss Exchange (SIX) and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol “ALC”.  Watch the webcast (link is external)
Chairman-designate, Mike Ball and CEO, David Endicott, will be joined by other senior management to discuss Alcon’s strengths and how the company is positioned to win in the large, attractive and growing eye care devices market, where it is already the global leader. They will present Alcon’s vision and strategy, near- and longer-term growth drivers, five-year financial goals and the benefits of as a standalone company.
Mike Ball, Chairman-designate of Alcon, said: “has been a leader in the ophthalmic industry for over 70 years and is dedicated to providing innovative products that enhance quality of life by helping people see better. More recently, has executed a turnaround plan that has reinvigorated its pipeline, strengthened its customer relationships, and increased investments in promotion, capital and systems while developing a nimble medical device culture. These actions have strengthened its foundation and positioned well to become a standalone company.” 
David Endicott, of Alcon, said: “As the leading eye care devices company in the world, with $6.8 billion in sales in 2017, we are uniquely positioned to succeed as a standalone organization. Our legacy of industry firsts and advancements, our leading positions in the markets we operate in and our substantial investment in innovation position us well for the future. We look forward to sharing our strategy, vision and financial goals with investors and analysts at our Capital Markets Day events.”
will highlight mega-trends shaping the future of eye care, including the aging global population, innovation that improves patient options and outcomes, increasing wealth and growth in emerging economies, and the prevalence of myopia and digital eye strain. These trends present with sizeable growth opportunities in the $23 billion eye care devices market. will also showcase its leading ocular solutions for refractive disorders, presbyopia, dry eye, cataracts and retinal diseases.
David Murray will highlight how has returned to a position of strength by delivering consecutive quarters of sales growth, and how the company plans to make steady core operating margin improvements to industry benchmark levels, from high teens today to low to mid 20s by 2023. Post-spinoff, is targeting an investment grade credit rating and will have a financial framework focused on sales growth, operational excellence and free cash flow generation. Priorities will include investment in organic growth and R&D, a disciplined focus on “bolt-on” acquisition, licensing and collaboration opportunities, and returns to shareholders with expecting to pay a regular cash dividend from 2020.
Michael Onuscheck, President Global Business & Innovation, will highlight Alcon’s market leadership in its Surgical Franchise, with 2017 global sales of $3.7 billion. He will highlight strong fundamentals, including world class customer focus, a leading portfolio of in-market innovations and a strong pipeline. He will also discuss Alcon’s best-in-class equipment platforms and the expansion potential of its leading installed base and complementary consumables business, as well as key near-term growth drivers such as advanced technology intraocular lenses (AT-IOLs) and leading-edge vitreoretinal technologies.
Andy Pawson, President & General Manager, Global Vision Care Franchise, will provide an overview of as one of the leaders in the $14 billion vision care market, with 2017 global sales of $3.1 billion. Key trends in contact lenses include the shift from reusable to daily disposable lenses and increasing demand for premium lenses such as toric, multifocal and cosmetic. In ocular health, increased awareness of treatment options for dry eye is driving demand. He will also discuss near-term growth drivers, which are the TOTAL1 contact lens portfolio and its market-leading dry eye treatment, SYSTANE.
The executive team will also discuss their expectations for the primary drivers of longer term vision care and surgical growth. These include the acceleration of innovation, expansion into new markets and adjacencies, as well as new business models and go-to-market solutions, which better serve the needs of eye care professionals, patients and consumers.
Franck Leveiller, Senior Vice President, Head of Global R&D, will discuss Alcon’s aspiration to lead the world in eye care innovation. He will highlight Alcon’s history of industry firsts, positioning as the partner of choice for external innovation, and continued commitment to R&investment resulting in a pipeline fueled for growth. He will discuss Alcon’s world-class capabilities in optics, material and surface chemistry, equipment and instrumentation, and automation, which is already delivering improved cycle times, increased flexibility and productivity enhancements.
Spinoff completion subject to approvals and conditions being met
Completion of the planned spinoff is subject to general market conditions, receipt of necessary authorizations, tax rulings and opinions, final endorsement by the Board of Directors of Novartis and shareholder approval at the Novartis annual shareholder meeting on February 28, 2019. If approvals are secured and conditions are met, the spinoff is expected to be completed in the first half of 2019.
The background slide deck will be available on Tuesday November 27, 2018.
Alcon’s next Capital Markets Day will be in London on December 4, 2018.
This press release is not an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell, any securities of Novartis or, following the proposed spinoff, of Alcon, and may not be relied upon in connection with the purchase or sale of any such security. Should you wish to invest in Alcon, you should do so solely on the basis of information will file with the at or around the time of the spinoff, including the section “Risk Factors” included in the Form 20-The information filed with the will be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov (link is external) .
Novartis is reimagining medicine to improve and extend people’s lives. As a leading global medicines company, we use innovative science and digital technologies to create transformative treatments in areas of great medical need. In our quest to find new medicines, we consistently rank among the world’s top companies investing in and development. Novartis products reach nearly 1 billion people globally and we are finding innovative ways to expand access to our latest treatments. About 125 000 people of more than 140 nationalities work at Novartis around the world. Find out more at www.novartis.com (link is external) .
is the global leader in eye care devices. As a division of Novartis, we offer the broadest portfolio of products to enhance sight and improve people's lives. Our products touch the lives of more than 260 million people each year living with conditions like cataracts, glaucoma, retinal diseases and refractive errors, and there are millions more who are waiting for solutions to meet their eye care needs. Our purpose is reimagining eye care, and we do this through innovative products, partnerships with eye care professionals and programs that enhance access to quality eye care. Learn more at www.alcon.com (link is external).
Novartis is on Twitter. Sign up to follow @Novartis at http://twitter.com/novartis (link is external)
