ULTOMIRIS™ (ravulizumab-cwvz)
is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH).
Comply with the most current Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations for meningococcal vaccination in patients with complement deficiencies.
Immunize patients with meningococcal vaccines at least 2 weeks prior to administering the first dose of ULTOMIRIS, unless the risks of delaying therapy outweigh the risk of developing a meningococcal infection [see Warnings and Precautions for additional guidance on the management of the risk of meningococcal infection].
Vaccination reduces, but does not eliminate, the risk of meningococcal infections. Monitor patients for early signs of meningococcal infections and evaluate immediately if infection is suspected.
is available only through a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS). Under the REMS, prescribers must enroll in the program [see Warnings and Precautions]. Enrollment in the program and additional information are available by telephone: 1-888-765-4747 or at www.ultomirisrems.com .
CONTRAINDICATIONS
Serious Meningococcal Infections
Life-threatening meningococcal infections have occurred in patients treated with The use of increases a patient’s susceptibility to serious meningococcal infections (septicemia and/or meningitis). Meningococcal disease due to any serogroup may occur.
Vaccinate for meningococcal disease according to the most current Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations for patients with complement deficiencies. Revaccinate patients in accordance with recommendations considering the duration of therapy.
Immunize patients without a history of meningococcal vaccination at least 2 weeks prior to receiving the first dose of If urgent therapy is indicated in an unvaccinated patient, administer meningococcal vaccine(s) as soon as possible and provide patients with 2 weeks of antibacterial drug prophylaxis.
In clinical studies, 59 patients with were treated with less than 2 weeks after meningococcal vaccination. All of these patients received antibiotics for prophylaxis of meningococcal infection until at least 2 weeks after meningococcal vaccination. The benefits and risks of antibiotic prophylaxis for prevention of meningococcal infections in patients receiving have not been established.
Vaccination reduces, but does not eliminate, the risk of meningococcal infections. In clinical studies, 3 out of 261 patients developed serious meningococcal infections/sepsis while receiving treatment with ULTOMIRIS; all 3 had been vaccinated. These 3 patients recovered while continuing treatment with ULTOMIRIS.
Closely monitor patients for early signs and symptoms of meningococcal infection and evaluate patients immediately if infection is suspected. Inform patients of these signs and symptoms and steps to be taken to seek immediate medical care. Meningococcal infection may become rapidly life-threatening or fatal if not recognized and treated early. Consider discontinuation of in patients who are undergoing treatment for serious meningococcal infection.
Due to the risk of meningococcal infections, is available only through a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS). Under the REMS, prescribers must enroll in the program.
Prescribers must counsel patients about the risk of meningococcal infection/sepsis, provide the patients with the educational materials, and ensure patients are vaccinated with meningococcal vaccines.
Other Infections
Monitoring Disease Manifestations after Discontinuation
After discontinuing treatment with ULTOMIRIS, closely monitor for signs and symptoms of hemolysis, identified by elevated along with sudden decrease in clone size or hemoglobin, or re-appearance of symptoms such as fatigue, hemoglobinuria, abdominal pain, shortness of breath (dyspnea), major adverse vascular event (including thrombosis), dysphagia, or erectile dysfunction. Monitor any patient who discontinues for at least 16 weeks to detect hemolysis and other reactions. If signs and symptoms of hemolysis occur after discontinuation, including elevated LDH, consider restarting treatment with ULTOMIRIS.
Thromboembolic Event Management
The effect of withdrawal of anticoagulant therapy during treatment has not been established. Therefore, treatment with should not alter anticoagulant management.
Administration of may result in infusion reactions. In clinical trials, 3 out of 222 patients with treated with experienced infusion reactions (lower back pain, drop in blood pressure and infusion-related pain) during administration. These reactions did not require discontinuation of Interrupt infusion and institute appropriate supportive measures if signs of cardiovascular instability or respiratory compromise occur.
Adverse reactions reported in 5% or more of patients treated with vs. Eculizumab was Upper respiratory tract infection (39% vs 39%), Headache (32% vs. 26%), Diarrhea (9% vs. 5%), Nausea (9% vs. 9%), Pyrexia (7% vs 8%), Pain in extremity (6% vs. 5%), Abdominal pain (6% vs. 7%), Dizziness (5% vs. 6%), Arthralgia (5% vs. 5%).
The serious adverse reactions in patients treated with included hyperthermia and pyrexia.
Please see full prescribing information for ULTOMIRIS, including Boxed WARNING, regarding serious and life-threatening meningococcal infections/sepsis.
To view full prescribing information on ULTOMIRIS™ please click here.
Ultomiris™ (ravulizumab-cwvz) is a new treatment option for adult patients living with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH). Ultomiris™ is the first and only long-acting C5 inhibitor that provides immediate and complete inhibition for 8 weeks.
Pursuing Groundbreaking Innovation
Through the transformative power of our science, we have delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases—diseases that often affect families for generations. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
Creating a Lasting Impact
The dedication and passion of our employees enable us to achieve our mission. We are building a rewarding place to work where people are empowered to make a difference and where diversity of backgrounds and ideas is encouraged.
Serving Patients Today and the Generations That Follow
Patients with rare diseases are our guiding star. They inspire us every day to find answers, and we act with integrity, urgency, and discipline because we know their lives are at stake.
Serious Meningococcal Infections
Life-threatening meningococcal infections have occurred in patients treated with The use of increases a patient’s susceptibility to serious meningococcal infections (septicemia and/or meningitis). Meningococcal disease due to any serogroup may occur.
Vaccinate for meningococcal disease according to the most current Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommendations for patients with complement deficiencies. Revaccinate patients in accordance with recommendations considering the duration of therapy.
Immunize patients without a history of meningococcal vaccination at least 2 weeks prior to receiving the first dose of If urgent therapy is indicated in an unvaccinated patient, administer meningococcal vaccine(s) as soon as possible and provide patients with 2 weeks of antibacterial drug prophylaxis.
In clinical studies, 59 patients with were treated with less than 2 weeks after meningococcal vaccination. All of these patients received antibiotics for prophylaxis of meningococcal infection until at least 2 weeks after meningococcal vaccination. The benefits and risks of antibiotic prophylaxis for prevention of meningococcal infections in patients receiving have not been established.
Vaccination reduces, but does not eliminate, the risk of meningococcal infections. In clinical studies, 3 out of 261 patients developed serious meningococcal infections/sepsis while receiving treatment with ULTOMIRIS; all 3 had been vaccinated. These 3 patients recovered while continuing treatment with ULTOMIRIS.
Closely monitor patients for early signs and symptoms of meningococcal infection and evaluate patients immediately if infection is suspected. Inform patients of these signs and symptoms and steps to be taken to seek immediate medical care. Meningococcal infection may become rapidly life-threatening or fatal if not recognized and treated early. Consider discontinuation of in patients who are undergoing treatment for serious meningococcal infection.
Due to the risk of meningococcal infections, is available only through a restricted program under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS). Under the REMS, prescribers must enroll in the program.
Prescribers must counsel patients about the risk of meningococcal infection/sepsis, provide the patients with the educational materials, and ensure patients are vaccinated with meningococcal vaccines.
Other Infections
Monitoring Disease Manifestations after Discontinuation
After discontinuing treatment with ULTOMIRIS, closely monitor for signs and symptoms of hemolysis, identified by elevated along with sudden decrease in clone size or hemoglobin, or re-appearance of symptoms such as fatigue, hemoglobinuria, abdominal pain, shortness of breath (dyspnea), major adverse vascular event (including thrombosis), dysphagia, or erectile dysfunction. Monitor any patient who discontinues for at least 16 weeks to detect hemolysis and other reactions. If signs and symptoms of hemolysis occur after discontinuation, including elevated LDH, consider restarting treatment with ULTOMIRIS.
Thromboembolic Event Management
The effect of withdrawal of anticoagulant therapy during treatment has not been established. Therefore, treatment with should not alter anticoagulant management.
Administration of may result in infusion reactions. In clinical trials, 3 out of 222 patients with treated with experienced infusion reactions (lower back pain, drop in blood pressure and infusion-related pain) during administration. These reactions did not require discontinuation of Interrupt infusion and institute appropriate supportive measures if signs of cardiovascular instability or respiratory compromise occur.
Adverse reactions reported in 5% or more of patients treated with vs. Eculizumab was Upper respiratory tract infection (39% vs 39%), Headache (32% vs. 26%), Diarrhea (9% vs. 5%), Nausea (9% vs. 9%), Pyrexia (7% vs 8%), Pain in extremity (6% vs. 5%), Abdominal pain (6% vs. 7%), Dizziness (5% vs. 6%), Arthralgia (5% vs. 5%).
The serious adverse reactions in patients treated with included hyperthermia and pyrexia.
Please see full prescribing information for ULTOMIRIS, including Boxed WARNING, regarding serious and life-threatening meningococcal infections/sepsis.
Working at is an experience like no other. With a focus on rare diseases that have few, if any, effective treatments, each endeavor is urgent and every day counts. Together, we are building a rewarding place to work where people are empowered to make a difference and where diversity of backgrounds and ideas is encouraged.
We are looking for talented individuals who share our passion and commitment to change the lives of patients with rare diseases. We hope you will consider joining our team
has become aware of scams from individuals, organizations, and Internet sites claiming to represent in recruitment activities in return for disclosing financial information. Career opportunities are published only through Alexion’s official communication channels. The process includes an interview and never requires payment or fees from job applicants. Interviews will never be conducted via Google Hangouts, and any potential candidate will only be communicating with an team member through an official email address which will end in @alexion.com. If you receive a suspicious email or job offer on behalf of Alexion, do not provide any personal information or pay any fees. Interested applicants should only apply through this website. Any fraudulent activity should be reported to GSOC@alexion.com .
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Research and Development
At Alexion, we know that fighting rare diseases requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation. Our research and development programs aim to deliver life-changing therapies that bring hope to patients and families affected by rare diseases. Often, these patients have few, if any, effective treatment options and face devastating and life-threatening consequences.
pioneered the complex field of complement biology, and today our internal research efforts focus on leveraging our 20+ years of experience in this field. We discovered and developed the world’s first complement inhibitor, Soliris® (eculizumab), for the treatment of life-threatening, ultra-rare disorders caused by uncontrolled complement activation, and we are now applying this deep expertise to pursue novel molecules and targets in the complement cascade.
Alexion’s development efforts focus on the core therapeutic areas of hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders. We are working to expand Soliris into new complement indications and strengthen our clinical-stage pipeline through internal and external development opportunities in our four core areas.
As we develop and deliver life-changing therapies, we are also leveraging a proprietary bioinformatics platform to strengthen our understanding of rare diseases and provide insights into their epidemiology.
The complement system is a complex branch of the body’s immune system that destroys and removes foreign particles. While the complement system is essential to maintaining health, it can also become over-activated, contributing to the development of numerous devastating diseases. In PNH, for example, a genetic error in cell proteins results in a deficiency in complement inhibitors that normally protect red blood cells. red blood cells are then recognized by the immune system as foreign particles, and are destroyed by complement. In aHUS, healthy tissue is attacked when complement is activated inappropriately or excessively. In anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive MG, antibodies bind to AchR, activating the complement cascade, which leads to a localized inflammation and destruction of the muscle membrane at the neuromuscular junction (NMJ), in turn leading to a loss of normal muscle function.
Clinical trials are a critical part of our efforts to develop innovative new therapies for patients with severe and devastating rare diseases. has ongoing and actively recruiting clinical trials in a wide range of therapeutic areas.
Our Pipeline
Learn more about our global R&organization's rare disease pipeline
Learn more about some of our key ongoing clinical trials
Voluntary Data Sharing
is indebted to patients and their families for their participation in clinical studies that help to advance treatments. As an organization, we are committed to voluntary sharing of Alexion-sponsored clinical trial data to address unmet medical/clinical needs.
Qualified academic investigators may submit a research proposal for access to clinical data and applicable supporting documents pertaining to Alexion-sponsored interventional clinical studies considered in scope.
Our online portal to receive and review academic research proposals is currently under construction. If you would like additional information, please click the link below and fill out our medical information inquiry form.
is committed to collaborating with researchers on innovative projects that advance medical and scientific knowledge about our products, product candidates and therapeutic areas of interest.
At Alexion, we give patients more than hope. We give them a chance to realize their future. Job opportunities at span the full value chain, from research & development  to manufacturing, and from marketing to patient case management.  Every employee plays an important role in bringing ground-breaking innovation to patients in need. Join and our next breakthrough could be yours. Browse job openings .
has become aware of scams from individuals, organizations, and Internet sites claiming to represent in recruitment activities in return for disclosing financial information. Career opportunities are published only through Alexion’s official communication channels. The process includes an interview and never requires payment or fees from job applicants. Interviews will never be conducted via Google Hangouts, and any potential candidate will only be communicating with an team member through an official email address which will end in @alexion.com. If you receive a suspicious email or job offer on behalf of Alexion, do not provide any personal information or pay any fees. Interested applicants should only apply through this website. Any fraudulent activity should be reported to GSOC@alexion.com .
career at is a chance to build on your education at one of the fastest growing companies in the biopharmaceutical industry.
Our internship programs are designed to ensure students gain valuable industry and functional experience, work on meaningful and challenging assignments, and build partnerships within their professional networks. We offer a variety of opportunities across our business for students to achieve a true sense of what it's like to work at Alexion.
offers internships across multiple degree levels (BA/BS, MA/MS, MBA, PharmD, Ph.D.) and encourage students in any major to explore the diverse career options available within the biotechnology industry.
Functional areas include:
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.About About (NASDAQ: ALXN) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing therapies.
Since its founding in 1992, has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. But we know that fighting rare diseases takes so much more than hope. It requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation.  At Alexion, our goal is to deliver medical breakthroughs where none currently exist. We are driven because we know people's lives are at stake.
has 2,500 passionate and dedicated employees serving patients in 50 countries around the world.
Our breakthrough Therapies
Through the transformative power of our science, has delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
developed Soliris® (eculizumab), the world's first approved terminal complement inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH), atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), and anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders—Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) and Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D).
Alexion’s ambition is to be the global leader in rare diseases. By leveraging our 20+ years of expertise in complement biology and our capabilities in hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders, we will bring additional life-changing therapies to patients and redefine what it means to live with a rare disease. Our legacy will be measured in the families we serve today and the generations that follow.
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.(NASDAQ: ALXN) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on serving patients and families affected by rare diseases through the discovery, development and commercialization of life-changing therapies.
Since its founding in 1992, has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. But we know that fighting rare diseases takes so much more than hope. It requires persistence, dedication, and a relentless pursuit of the highest levels of medical innovation.  At Alexion, our goal is to deliver medical breakthroughs where none currently exist. We are driven because we know people's lives are at stake.
has 2,500 passionate and dedicated employees serving patients in 50 countries around the world.
Our breakthrough Therapies
Through the transformative power of our science, has delivered life-changing therapies to patients suffering from rare diseases. We have pioneered the complex field of complement biology and delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible for patients with devastating complement-mediated and metabolic disorders.
developed Soliris® (eculizumab), the world's first approved terminal complement inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH), atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS), and anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).
also has two highly innovative enzyme replacement therapies for patients with life-threatening and ultra-rare metabolic disorders—Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) and Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D).
Alexion’s ambition is to be the global leader in rare diseases. By leveraging our 20+ years of expertise in complement biology and our capabilities in hematology, nephrology, neurology, and metabolic disorders, we will bring additional life-changing therapies to patients and redefine what it means to live with a rare disease. Our legacy will be measured in the families we serve today and the generations that follow.
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Timeline: Commitment to Breakthrough Innovation
Since our founding in 1992, has given hope to people who had none and shined a light on those who felt isolated and alone. We have remained steadfast in our pursuit of groundbreaking innovation, and have delivered solutions to challenges that once seemed impossible. Here are some of the milestones throughout our history.
Company Milestone Product Milestone Awards and Recognition
ULTOMIRIS™ is approved in the for the treatment of adult patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH).
acquires Syntimmune, a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing antibody therapeutics targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)
and Dicerna partner to discover and develop interference (RNAi) therapies for complement-mediated diseases
moves its global headquarters to Boston, Massachusetts. The Company’s world-class complement research and process development teams remain in the New Haven Center of Excellence
and Complement Pharma partner to co-develop pre-clinical complement inhibitor for neurodegenerative disorders
acquires Wilson Therapeutics, strengthening its pipeline and expanding its focus on metabolic and neurologic disorders
is named one of the World's Most Innovative Companies by Forbes consecutively from 2012 to 2018
Alexion’s data sciences work contributes to Rady Children’s Institute for Genomic Medicine scientists’ achievement of new RECORDS™ title for fastest genetic diagnosis
Soliris® (eculizumab) is approved in the and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AchR) antibody-positive and in the European Union for the treatment of refractory generalized gin adult patients who are anti-Achantibody-positive.
celebrates its 25th anniversary
Alexion’s Center of Excellence (New Haven, CT) receives Platinum Certification
Appoints Ludwig Hantson, Ph.D., as Chief Executive Officer
celebrates its 10th anniversary of serving patients with PNH, and the approval of Soliris® (eculizumab)
Kanuma® is approved as a treatment for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) in Japan
receives 2016 Rare Impact Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD) and is named as Industry Innovation Honoree for the Company’s work in bringing Strensiq® and Kanuma® to market
Kanuma® receives 2016 German Prix Galien Award in the Orphan Product category
Science names as a Top Employer in both 2015 and 2016
initiates two Phase 3 clinical trials of ALXN1210 in complement inhibitor treatment-naïve patients with and aHUS, and receives for ALXN1210 for the treatment of patients with from the EC
moves into its new global corporate headquarters in New Haven, Connecticut
Strensiq® (asfotase alfa) is approved as a treatment for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP) in the U.S., EU, Japan and Canada
Kanuma® (sebelipase alfa) is approved as a treatment for patients with lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D) in the and EU
acquires Synageva BioPharma, strengthening its pipeline and establishing a metabolic franchise with the addition of Kanuma as a potential treatment for LAL-D
opens new headquarters in Zürich, Switzerland
is named one of Fortune Magazine’s Fastest Growing Companies in 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015
Soliris® receives orphan drug designation (ODD) for multiple potential indications:
Prevention of delayed graft function (DGF) in renal transplant patients from the FDA, and prevention of after solid organ transplantation from the EMA
Treatment of refractory myasthenia gravis (MG) from the and EMA
initiates multinational registration trials of eculizumab as a potential treatment for patients with NMO, and DGF
Connecticut Magazine names one of the top workplaces in the state in both 2010 and 2014
Asfotase alfa receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the for the treatment of HPP
Soliris® is approved as a treatment for patients with ain Japan
Soliris® receives orphan drug designation (ODD) for the treatment of neuromyelitis optica (NMO) from the and EMA
acquires asfotase alfa, the first potential treatment for patients with hypophosphatasia (HPP)
New England Journal of Medicine publishes data from Phase 2 study of asfotase alfa in
is added to the S&500 Index of leading global companies
presented with the Partners in Progress Award from the National Organization for Rare Diseases (NORD)
responds to a historic public health crisis in Germany and provides Soliris® without charge to hundreds of patients with life-threatening Shiga toxin coli-related hemolytic uremic syndrome (STEC-HUS)
The and the approve Soliris® as the first and only treatment for adult and pediatric patients with aHUS
Green Building Council (USGBC) twice recognizes with Certification Awards for constructing, operating and maintaining interiors that meet the highest green building and performance standards
Soliris® receives the Prix Galien France Award for Drugs for Rare Diseases
Soliris® is first used as a treatment for patients with atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) in France and Germany
Soliris® receives the Prix Galien Award for Best Biotechnology Product
Soliris® (eculizumab) receives approval from the and European Medicines Agency (EMA) as the first and only treatment for patients with PNH
honored with the Corporate Leadership Award from the National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)
earns the Award of Excellence from Connecticut United for Research Excellence (CURE)
establishes operations in Europe by opening an office in Paris, France
Second pivotal Phase 3 study of eculizumab in patients with begins (SHEPHERD)
Pilot study with eculizumab commences in Leeds, England in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH)
New England Journal of Medicine publishes positive results from pilot study of eculizumab in 11 patients with PNH
First pivotal Phase 3 study of eculizumab commences in patients with (TRIUMPH)
First in-human clinical trial of eculizumab begins
1992-1994
C5 complement inhibitor development program commences
First pilot manufacturing facility is established in New Haven, CT, USA
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.As we pursue our mission to serve patients and families affected by rare diseases, is committed to building strong and sustainable business partnerships that enable us to develop and deliver life-changing therapies. As a fully-integrated biopharmaceutical company, we bring world-class expertise and resources to our collaborations, including proven global capabilities spanning scientific, medical, regulatory, manufacturing and commercial operations.
Expanding our pipeline through business development is a key component of Alexion’s strategic focus. As part of this effort, we aim to build a robust clinical-stage pipeline through licensing, acquiring, or partnering on clinical-stage assets.
Our business development team is currently evaluating opportunities with an exclusive focus on developing life-changing therapies for patients with rare diseases that lack effective treatment options in our core areas of focus:
Hematology
We are also seeking partnerships that will maximize the potential of our internal complement research efforts through select opportunities in complement.
offers unique capabilities and expertise that make us the partner of choice in developing promising drug candidates into leading rare disease therapies, including:
Global leadership in complement biology with 20+ years of experience and a dedicated world-class research team
Proven track record in orphan drug development, clinical trial design and recruitment, regulatory affairs, and manufacturing
Deep understanding of the patient journey to implement transformative therapies
Access and commercial infrastructure to enable us to serve patients in 50 countries
Our team closely manages each partner relationship to ensure open and ongoing communication and mutual decision-making.
Led by Aradhana Sarin, M.D., of Business Development and Corporate Strategy, we are building a best-in-class team to expand our partnership network and identify external candidates that have the potential to become leading therapies that transform patients’ lives. We’re currently looking for experts in the following areas to join our team:
is committed to supporting investigator-sponsored research (ISR) to advance medical and scientific knowledge about our products, product candidates, and therapeutic areas of interest.
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.encourages the submission of proposals focused on preclinical translation of scientific discoveries into therapies for rare disorders. Please note that receives many requests for Discovery Partnerships and carefully evaluates each submission on a highly competitive basis. This review process considers, among other things, scientific rigor, translatability and alignment with our strategic priorities, as well as potential redundancy with research efforts.
Our core area of focus has been treating complement-mediated diseases. We are always interested in scientific research with high potential to translate into breakthrough therapies for rare diseases outside of our core focus.
Proposals focused on the characterization and/or optimization of a therapeutic candidate (or surrogate molecule), or the validation of novel targets for rare diseases are given priority. Proposals for access to Alexion's large repertoire of therapeutic surrogates to validate novel indications will also be considered.
Resources from Alexion’s internal Research & Development can be made available to support research work (i.e. antibody engineering, protein purification, bioanalytical assay development). Please specify on your proposal whether you will require any of these capabilities. If you would like more information, please contact Discovery.Partnerships@Alexion.com .
Investigators interested in submitting a proposal for consideration will first have to register on Alexion’s web-based system by creating a profile . Once registered, the proposal can be submitted electronically. Please note that e-mail submissions are not accepted and will not be reviewed. To complete your proposal submission, please specify the type of support you are requesting (collaboration funding, research reagents and/or capabilities). The application should assume the form of a grant application with the following information:
Email VisionTracker at: VTSupport@envisionpharma.com
Clinical research–such as patient natural history, non-interventional biomarker studies, and/or drug intervention studies—will not be considered by Discovery Partnerships and proposals should be submitted through the Investigator-Sponsored Research (ISR) page .
For more information, please contact Discovery.Partnerships@Alexion.com .
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Alexion's CSR-S·T·A·Platform
supports our mission to transform the lives of people affected by rare and devastating disease while creating value for all our stakeholders.
Serve Communities and
Sustain our planet
We invest in our communities and shared planet in support of those who depend on us today and for generations that follow.
Our Communities:
Global Day of Service: Employees donated 7,500+
Support for education and other causes in our
local communities around the world
Environmental Health and Safety (EHS) management system informed by globally accepted standards
policy endorsed by our emphasizes environmental stewardship and the health and safety of our employees, contractors, and communities
We urgently seek to understand patient journeys, find answers, and collaborate to deliver access to therapies that change lives.
Alexion’s OneSource program provides patients with complimentary, ongoing support
Alexion’s Global Access to Medicines policy helps patients with rare and devastating diseases gain access to the therapies they need
Global Medical Affairs integrates a suite of functions enabling us to provide greater value to our patients
Support for Patient Advocacy Organizations promotes the understanding of rare diseases, improving patient care, and enhancing patient access to innovative therapies
We aspire to become the most rewarding place to work, embracing diversity and governing and managing our business to return value to our stakeholders.
Total Rewards Program meets the needs of our employees and their families
Diversity and Inclusion: We deliver extraordinary results by embracing different perspectives
Health, Safety, and Wellness: culture that promotes physical and mental well-being
Training and Development allows each employee to develop their unique path forward
Board of Directors oversight of CSR
Recognized as one of the world’s most innovative companies and a top employer
Cross-functional Steering Committee serves as strategic decision-making task force
We pioneered complement biology, spurring new treatments for devastating disorders. We work to advance healthcare through innovative diagnostics and proactive transparency.
Innovative Products: Alexion’s therapies have received high industry recognition
Alexion’s Discovery Partnerships program supports academic investigators in advancing their research
Revolutionary Diagnostics: Collaborating to improve diagnostics; one partnership earned the Guinness World Record for fastest genetic diagnosis
Support for investigator-sponsored research to advance medical and scientific knowledge
We build trust when we make the right choices and act with integrity. Our unwavering commitment to ethics, quality and compliance improves our ability to serve patients and enhances our reputation and competitive advantage.
Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct sets out principles applicable to all Employees
Vendor Code of Conduct: seeks to conduct business with vendors who share our commitment to high ethical standards
Our Executive-level Ethics and Compliance program was established by our Board of Directors and Executive Committee
Privacy and Data Protection: Protecting patient and healthcare provider information is key to delivering on our mission
supports various initiatives and activities that provide medical education or benefit our patients and local communities. Support may be provided through the funding of:
Medical Education Grants
Interested in submitting an application? Click here to visit our External Funding Management System (EFMS) portal.
In addition to these initiatives, is committed to collaborating and fostering new relationships with researchers for innovative research projects that advance medical and scientific knowledge about our products, product candidates, and therapeutic areas of interest.
Interested in learning more about Investigator-Sponsored Research? View our global program here .
Ludwig Hantson, Ph.D., is Chief Executive Officer of Alexion. Dr. Hantson is an accomplished healthcare executive with more than 30 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry.
Prior to joining Alexion, Dr. Hantson was President and Chief Executive Officer of Baxalta and also served on the company’s Board of Directors. He led Baxalta’s successful spin-off as a public company from Baxter in July 2015 where he was President of Baxter BioScience. Dr. Hantson joined Baxter in May 2010 and established the BioScience division as one of the most innovative specialty and rare disease companies by building a robust pipeline of 25 new product candidates, and launching 13 new products.
Dr. Hantson held several leadership roles during his decade-long tenure at Novartis from 2001-2010, including of Pharma North America, of Europe, and President of Pharma Canada. Prior to Novartis, he spent 13 years with Johnson & Johnson in roles of increasing responsibility in marketing, and research and development.
Dr. Hantson received his Ph.in motor rehabilitation and physical therapy, master’s degree in physical education, and a certification in high secondary education, all from the University of Louvain in Belgium.
Ellen Chiniara is Executive Vice President, General Counsel of Alexion. In this role, she is responsible for overseeing all global legal matters for the Company.
Prior to joining in January 2018, Ellen was Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Alere Inc., a point-of-care diagnostics company, where she was responsible for all legal, compliance, and government affairs matters. She led the legal aspects of the company’s numerous business development deals and was also the executive sponsor of Alere’s corporate social responsibility efforts.
Previously, Ellen served as Associate General Counsel for Serono’s Neurology division and as General Counsel for Internet Healthcare Group, a health care venture firm with portfolio companies in informatics, connected health, defined contribution health plans, e-insurance, and employee benefits. Prior to that role, Ellen served as Vice President and General Counsel for Women’s Health USA, a physician practice management start-up based in Avon, CT.
Ellen received her from Stanford University’s School of Law and her Bachelor's Degree from Bryn Mawr College. She also was a graduate fellow at Yale University in Slavic Languages.
Paul Clancy is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of Alexion. Mr. Clancy is responsible for global financial management, treasury, internal audit, corporate strategy, business development, investor relations, information technology, and security activities.
Prior to joining Alexion, Mr. Clancy served as the Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Executive Committee of Biogen, where he led the financial performance of the company. Prior to joining Biogen, Mr. Clancy spent 13 years at PepsiCo, serving in a range of finance, strategy and general management positions. Mr. Clancy serves on the Board of Directors of the biopharmaceutical companies Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Incyte Corporation.
Mr. Clancy holds an from Columbia University and a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Babson College.
Indrani Franchini, J.D.
Indrani Franchini, J.D., is Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer of Alexion. Ms. Franchini is responsible for leading Alexion’s global compliance program and co-leads the Global Corporate Compliance Committee.
Ms. Franchini has extensive experience developing and building the infrastructure and company-wide standards for global compliance programs. Prior to joining Alexion, Ms. Franchini served as Chief Compliance Officer at Hess Corporation. She previously spent nearly ten years with Pfizer overseeing all compliance elements for the development, marketing, and promotion of its global business. Earlier in her career, Ms. Franchini served as an attorney with Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy in the firm’s New York and Tokyo offices.
Ms. Franchini earned her from the University of Michigan Law School and a Bachelor of Arts from Princeton University. In addition, she spent a year as a Fulbright Fellow at the Kyushu University Graduation School in Fukuoka, Japan.
Brian Goff is Executive Vice President, Chief Commercial Officer of Alexion. Mr. Goff leads commercial operations globally with responsibility for country operations in each of Alexion’s affiliates in North America, EMEA, Japan, Asia Pacific, and Latin America.
Mr. Goff is a proven global biopharmaceutical executive with a 25-year track record of consistently delivering sustainable growth through multiple business cycles. He has deep expertise in commercial operations across multiple therapeutic areas, as well as broad experience in managing a range of functions, including R&D, Medical Affairs, Manufacturing and Quality with a number of industry-leading biopharmaceutical companies.
Prior to joining Alexion, Mr. Goff was Chief Operating Officer and a Member of the Board of Directors of Neurovance. Prior to joining Neurovance, Mr. Goff served as Baxalta’s Executive Vice President & President — Hematology Division. He previously served with Baxter Healthcare Corporation as Global Hemophilia Franchise Head. Earlier in his career, Mr. Goff held positions of increasing responsibility in sales and marketing roles with Novartis Pharmaceuticals, and the pharmaceutical division of Johnson & Johnson.
Mr. Goff has a from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Arts from Skidmore College.
Anne-Marie Law
Anne-Marie Law is Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer of Alexion. She is responsible for Human Resources on a global basis, with the goal of continuing to build the organization capabilities to advance Alexion’s strategy.
Ms. Law brings more than 25 years of experience at global corporations to the organization. Prior to joining Alexion, she served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Hyatt Hotels Corporation, where she was responsible for building the strategy to support the company’s 100,000 employees worldwide, and designing talent systems to create world class leadership and customer connectivity capabilities. She previously served as Executive Vice President and Head of Human Resources for Baxalta Incorporated, and held various senior human resources positions at McKesson Corporation, including the Specialty Health Division, VeriSign, and Xilinx, Inc.
Ms. Law is a graduate of Leicester University with a degree in Art History in the United Kingdom and the National College of Ireland, Dublin.
John Orloff, M.D.
John Orloff, M.D., is Executive Vice President, Head of Research & Development of Alexion. Dr. Orloff is focused on strengthening Alexion’s clinical pipeline and research programs, enhancing research and development productivity, overseeing regulatory and medical affairs, and supporting business development. Dr. Orloff has 20 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry and deep expertise spanning various stages of clinical and non-clinical development, including developing medicines for rare diseases.
Prior to joining Alexion, Dr. Orloff served as Executive Vice President, Head of Research & Development at Novelion, where he currently sits on the Board of Directors. He previously served with Baxalta as Global Head of R&and Chief Scientific Officer, where he advanced the company’s pipeline and oversaw regulatory approval of 10 unique products and two devices. He also held executive R&roles with Baxter International, Merck Serono, Novartis and Merck Research Laboratories. Prior to joining the biopharmaceutical industry in 1997, Dr. Orloff was with the Yale School of Medicine for seven years.
Dr. Orloff received a Bachelor of Arts from Dartmouth College, and a from the University of Vermont College of Medicine. He completed his medical training at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and Yale University School of Medicine.
Rana Strellis is Senior Vice President, Global Communications and Culture. Prior to joining in April 2017, Ms. Strellis served as Senior Vice President, Global Communications, Culture and Diversity and Inclusion for Baxalta. In this role, Ms. Strellis created and executed a culture transformation vision, diversity and inclusion strategy, and a corporate brand reputation plan. Prior to Baxalta, she held progressive roles of responsibility at Baxter Healthcare in Strategy and Business Operations, Marketing, and Human Resources in both the and Europe.
As Global Head of Strategy and Business Operations at BioScience for Baxter Healthcare, Ms. Strellis led the creative campaign to elevate the brand profile as a premier biotech organization. Additionally, she served as the Channel Marketing Leader for GAMMAGARD® and led the development of a channel value proposition platform that drove brand preference for GAMMAGARD® and Albumin. As the Marketing Operations Leader at BioScience, Ms. Strellis also successfully led the cross-functional steering committee to implement a best-in-class launch for HyQvia. Prior to her marketing roles, Ms. Strellis held Human Resources management positions for various domestic and global Baxter divisions.
Ms. Strellis received a master’s degree in Industrial & Labor Relations from Cornell University, and a bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Illinois.
Board of Directors
David Brennan is Chairman of Alexion’s Board of Directors. He served as a Director of since July 2014 and as Interim Chief Executive Officer of from December 2016 to March 2017.
From 2006 to 2012, he served as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of AstraZeneca PLC, one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies. Mr. Brennan worked for AstraZeneca in increasing roles of responsibility, including as Executive Vice President of North America from 2001 to 2006, and as Senior Vice President of Commercialization and Portfolio Management from 1999 to 2001.
Prior to the merger of Astra and Zeneca Plc, he served as Senior Vice President of Business Planning and Development of Astra LP, the American subsidiary of Astra Mr. Brennan began his career in 1975 at Merck and Co. Inc., where he rose from Sales Representative in the Division to General Manager of Chibret International, a French subsidiary of Merck.
Mr. Brennan currently serves on the Board of Directors Insmed Incorporated, and previously served on the Board of Directors of AstraZeneca PLC, Innocol, Inc., Reed Elsevier PLC, and the Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America (PhRMA).
Mr. Brennan received a Bachelor of Arts in business administration from Gettysburg College, where he is a member of the Board of Trustees.
Felix Baker, Ph.D., has been a director of since June 2015. Dr. Baker is a Co-Managing Member of Baker Bros. Advisors LP, an investment advisor focused on investments in life science and biotechnology companies. Dr. Baker and his brother, Julian Baker, started their fund-management careers in 1994 when they co-founded a biotechnology investing partnership with the Tisch Family. Dr. Baker currently serves on the Board of Directors at Genomic Health, Inc. and Seattle Genetics, Inc. and previously served on the Board of Directors at Synageva BioPharma Corp. and Ardea Bioscience, Inc.
Dr. Baker holds a Bachelor of Science and a Ph.in Immunology from Stanford University, where he also completed two years of medical school.
Christopher Coughlin has been a director of since July 2014. He served as Advisor to the Chairman and of Tyco International Ltd., a global provider of diversified products, services and industries, from 2010 to 2012, and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Tyco from 2005 to 2010 and during a period of significant international growth and restructuring. Mr. Coughlin previously served at the Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer from 2003 to 2004. From 1998 to 2003, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Pharmacia Corporation. From 1997 to 1998 he was President, International at Nabisco Group Holdings and from 1996 to 1997 was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nabisco. From 1981 to 1996, Mr. Coughlin held various positions with Sterling Winthrop Incorporated, including Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Coughlin currently serves on the Board of Directors of Allergan plc. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Covidien (acquired by Medtronic), Actavis (which acquired Allergan), Dun & Bradstreet, Forest Laboratories (acquired by Actavis plc), Hologic, Inc., Dipexium Pharmaceuticals, Inc., The Interpublic Group of Companies, Monsanto Company, and Perrigo Company.
Mr. Coughlin received a bachelor's degree in accounting from Boston College.
Deborah Dunsire has been a director of since January 2018. Dr. Dunsire served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2005-2013, where she led the transformation of the company into a biotechnology industry leader. Prior to Millennium, which became Takeda Oncology, Dr. Dunsire led the Novartis North America Oncology Business through a period of significant growth during her 10-year tenure. She also previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of and in a variety of R&and Commercial positions with Sandoz Dr. Dunsire currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Xtuit Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately held biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics.
Dr. Dunsire currently serves on the boards of Xtuit and Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical, Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company. She previously served on the boards of Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Allergan, Inc., and Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Paul Friedman, M.D., has been a director of since September 2017. Dr. Friedman served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Incyte Corporation, a leading, publicly traded biocompany, from 2001-2014, where he led a transformation of the business from genomics to a therapeutic focus establishing its foundation as a leader in oncology. Currently, Dr. Friedman serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., following its merger with Synta Corporation in July 2016. He has also held executive and R&positions with DuPont Research Laboratories, Merck Research Laboratories, and Merck Sharp & Dohme Corporation.
Dr. Friedman currently sits on the Board of Directors of Incyte Corporation and Madrigal Pharmaceuticals, Inc., both of which are publicly traded biotechnology companies. He previously served on the Board of Directors of Cerulean Pharma, Inc. and Verastem, Inc., both of which were publicly traded companies during Dr. Friedman's service.
Dr. Friedman received his from Harvard Medical School and his in Biology from Princeton University.
Ludwig Hantson, Ph.D., is Chief Executive Officer of Alexion. Dr. Hantson is an accomplished healthcare executive with more than 30 years of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry.
Prior to joining Alexion, Dr. Hantson was President and Chief Executive Officer of Baxalta and also served on the company's Board of Directors. He led Baxalta's successful spin-off as a public company from Baxter in July 2015 where he was President of Baxter BioScience. Dr. Hantson joined Baxter in May 2010 and established the BioScience division as one of the most innovative specialty and rare disease companies by building a robust pipeline of 25 new product candidates, and launching 13 new products.
Dr. Hantson held several leadership roles during his decade-long tenure at Novartis from 2001-2010, including of Pharma North America, of Europe, and President of Pharma Canada. Prior to Novartis, he spent 13 years with Johnson & Johnson in roles of increasing responsibility in marketing, and research and development.
John Mollen has been a director of since April 2014. Mr. Mollen served as Executive Vice President, Human Resources (HR) of Corporation from May 2006 until his retirement in February 2014, including two years as special advisor to the President. He joined as Senior Vice President, Human Resources in September 1999. While at EMC, Mr. Mollen led the global human resources function to ensure the availability of world-class talent to drive business success and his responsibilities included executive, leadership, and employee development; compensation and benefits; staffing; and all of the people-related aspects of acquisition integration. Prior to joining EMC, Mr. Mollen was Vice President of Human Resources at Citigroup Inc. Mr. Mollen serves as a director for a number of not-for-profit and professional boards, including the New England Healthcare Institute, the Policy Association, Center on Executive Compensation, and as an advisory board member for Working Mother magazine and he is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
Mr. Mollen received a bachelor's degree in economics from St. John Fisher College in Rochester, N.Y., and a master's degree in labor relations from St. Francis University in Loretto, Pa.
Francois Nader, M.D., has been a director of since November 2017. Dr. Nader served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Director of Pharma, a global biotechnology company that was focused on delivering innovative therapies to patients with rare diseases, from 2008 to 2015. Prior to NPS, Dr. Nader was a venture partner at Care Capital, a venture capital firm. He previously served on the North America Leadership Team of Aventis Pharma and its predecessor companies, holding a number of executive positions in integrated healthcare markets and medical and regulatory affairs. He also led global commercial operations at the Pasteur Vaccines division of Rhone-Poulenc. Dr. Nader currently serves as non-executive chairman of Acceleron Pharma, Inc. and on the boards of Clementia Inc. and private company ArNeuroscience.
Dr. Nader earned his French Doctorate in Medicine from St. Joseph University in Lebanon and a physician executive from the University of Tennessee.
Judy Reinsdorf has been a director of since February 2018. Ms. Reinsdorf previously served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Johnson Controls International, a global leader in building products and technology, integrated solutions, and energy storage, following its merger in September 2016 with Tyco International, where she served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel from March 2007 until September 2016. Prior to Johnson Controls, Ms. Reinsdorf served as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Bard, Inc., as Vice President and Corporate Secretary of Tyco, as Vice President and Associate General Counsel of Pharmacia Corporation, and as Assistant General Counsel and Chief Legal Counsel, Corporate, at Monsanto Company. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of Dun & Bradstreet, a publicly traded data and analytics company.
Ms. Reinsdorf earned her bachelor’s degree from the University of Rochester and her from Cornell Law School.
Dr. Andreas Rummelt has been a director of since February 2010. He has held executive management positions internationally for more than 20 years in the pharmaceutical industry, focused in the areas of manufacturing, quality and technical matters. He is currently the and Partner of InterPharmaLink AG, a management consulting firm focused on advising companies in the healthcare industry. Dr. Rummelt was Group Head of Quality Assurance and Technical Operations at Novartis, and served as a member of the Executive Committee there. He also held various positions of increasing responsibility in development for Sandoz Pharma Ltd including CEO, Head of Worldwide Technical Research and Development, Head of Technical Operations of the Novartis Division.
Dr. Rummelt earned his Ph.in Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany. He received executive training in general management and leadership from in Lausanne (Switzerland), in Fontainebleau (France), and Harvard Business School in Cambridge (USA).
© 2019 You are now leaving www.alexion.com, a website provided by                 Pharmaceuticals, Inc. This link will take you to a different site to which                 this Privacy Policy does not apply.Ethics and Compliance at Every day, we strive to live up to the expectations of patients, physicians, and ourselves, and to earn trust in our communities. We know the importance of this responsibility, and we take it seriously.
Alexion's Board of Directors and Executive Committee have established an Executive-level Ethics and Compliance program, led by our Chief Compliance Officer, Compliance Committee and Compliance Team. Alexion's Compliance program is tailored to meet the standards set forth by the Office of Inspector General (OIG) for the Department of Health and Human Services in its 2003 Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers.
Alexion's Compliance Program incorporates the seven fundamental elements of an effective compliance program as defined by the OIG:
is committed to quality, ethics, integrity and compliance. Our helpline provides a mechanism for asking questions or reporting potential concerns.
Alexion’s Corporate Compliance Committee is co-chaired by Indrani Franchini, Chief Compliance Officer, and Brian Goff, Chief Commercial Officer. Ms. Franchini reports to Ludwig Hantson, Chief Executive Officer of Alexion, is a member of the Executive Committee and has direct access to the Board of Directors.
Alexion's Code of Ethics and Business Conduct is just one part of our overall program to assure that employees worldwide follow the appropriate standards and comply with all legal requirements that affect the manner in which operates, including industry guidelines, laws, regulations, and guidance in each country where we do business. communicates policies and procedures via live training activities and our intranet.
educates and trains employees and agents at live training sessions, web-facilitated trainings, and via online resources and training programs. The training materials cover the laws and regulations that affect the way conducts business and is customized (and periodically updated) to meet specific regional requirements.
As part of our commitment to behaving ethically, requires employees to report any potential violations of law, regulation or company policies so they can be appropriately addressed. Our goal is that all employees should know where to turn when seeking answers to questions or reporting potential compliance concerns, and should feel comfortable doing so, without fear of retribution. employees and agents can raise concerns in numerous ways including anonymous reporting online via Alexion's Helpline Portal at Alexion.EthicsPoint.com or by contacting a member of Compliance, an attorney in the Legal department or an Business Partner. Alexion's non-retaliation policy protects those who raise a compliance concern in good faith from retribution in any form.
Internal monitoring and auditing are integral parts of Alexion's comprehensive Compliance Program. Effective monitoring and auditing can detect and prevent deviations that can potentially prompt compliance concerns. Alexion's Compliance and Internal Audit functions conduct a variety of monitoring activities in an effort to detect and respond to potential issues of non-compliance. In accordance with the Guidance, our compliance monitoring and auditing program will be modified as necessary in response to new regulatory requirements, changes in business practices, and other considerations.
Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and company policies educate employees and agents about Alexion’s commitment to compliance. It is the responsibility of every employee to read, understand and follow these guidance materials. advises employees that failure to adhere to our ethical and legal standards may have disciplinary consequences, up to and including termination of employment. When the outcome of an investigation shows that discipline is warranted, appropriate action is taken.
Alexion's Compliance Program supports prompt response and corrective action for detected problems as appropriate under the circumstances. Regardless of how a potential compliance concern is raised, it will be carefully reviewed, thoroughly and thoughtfully investigated in a timely manner, and appropriately resolved.
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery
has a zero tolerance policy towards bribery and corruption. We comply with the anti-corruption laws of every country in which we operate, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Bribery Act.
Vendor Code of Conduct
and its subsidiaries are committed to conducting business in an ethical, legal, and socially responsible manner. We expect our vendors to share this commitment.
Transparency Requirements
will make public any disclosures necessary to comply with transparency laws or regulations applicable to pharmaceutical manufacturers, including, but not limited to, National Physician Payment Transparency Program (“Open Payments”) in the United States and the Loi Bertrand Act (“Sunshine Act”) in France. These regulations have mandated increased transparency in interactions between healthcare providers and companies manufacturing health care products and/or medical devices. The intention of these requirements is to eliminate potential conflicts of interest in the interactions between these companies and healthcare professionals. To comply with these regulations, reports certain payments or other transfers of value made in the course of our professional interactions with healthcare professionals and healthcare organizations where applicable.
is committed to establishing and maintaining a comprehensive and effective compliance program in accordance with California 1765 (California Business & Professions Code 119400, 119402), and the Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, "Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers."
