Activity report
Sustainable sourcing
Health and safety
Environmental footprint
Diversity & Inclusion
Your career at Job search
Siemens Financial & Share information
Investors presentations
From train manufacturer to sustainable mobility maker
Search our open positions
From train manufacturer to sustainable mobility maker
Search our open positions
Learn everything about the world of trains
signs with Ajman University
In 2018 delivered 150 vehicles on time from Germany
Siemens update
presents hydrogen train in six federal states in Germany
attains score of “A-” in 2018  climate change questionnaire
Alstom’s orders and sales for the first nine months of 2018/19
to continue maintenance of high-speed and suburban trains for Renfe in Spain 
          Dedicated to excellence in execution & on-time delivery:  Last year, we have delivered 150 vehicles from our sites in #Germany: https://t.co/DjrkffpMii https://t.co/n3Fn6asbWK
11 hours 19 min
          @Aptis_Alstom: love Barcelona! Driving through the town center, visited Montjuic, the Olympic stadium an many other nice spots of th…
          @cH2ange: #Hydrogen-powered Coradia iLint feels just like a conventional train (but better). (Very) comfortable, (truly) silent and we m…
          @MarkKnowles1302: So pleased for the ⁦@AlstomUK⁩ team and their announcement of the #Breeze Hydrogen train for the There has been a…
          Look who has rolled into the #Ludwigshafen station! Our Coradia iLint is currently on 'railshow" in Germany showcasing our groundbreaking ready-to-use #hydrogen technology. Next stop: Mannheim. https://t.co/YR4ETGbuvhttps://t.co/EjpbEQUKo0
          Feeling good can be a lot of fun! This week we held various #health & #wellbeing initiatives on our sites. Be it Tai Chi or Pilates discovery classes, advice on addictology or healthy nutrition, #Teamattended the workshops across the globe with great enthousiasm. 💪 https://t.co/5WY5uITwpe
          double recognition! Well done #Teamfor being awarded both "Team of the year" & "Excellence in Metro Coaches" at the @RailAnalysis India Awards 2019 https://t.co/jF1q1zk2u1 https://t.co/aAe4lR4QZA
Cookies are text files that are placed and stored on the hard drive of your terminal (computer, Smartphone, tablet or any other device that can be used to browse the internet) by a website server.
Some of these cookies are required to access some site functionalities. Others are used to record statistics and site visit figures (number of visitors to each page, geographical origin of the devices used to visit the site, etc.) and statistics concerning the consultation and use of various elements present on the site (sections and content browsed, duration of visit, etc.). They can also be used to provide additional services such as the sharing of content on a website via social networking sites.
You are not obliged to accept the use of cookies and can choose to refuse them by changing your internet browser settings, as explained below.
Especially on the following ones:
Depending on regulations, these cookies can be placed on your digital device without user consent. They are essential for browsing our websites or strictly necessary to provide a service expressly requested by the user. We recommend that you do not delete those cookies as this may hamper browsing.
These cookies enable us to monitor the use and performance of our websites, establish statistics, number of visitors and the use of various site elements (which pages or sections are consulted the most often, which articles are read the most, etc.) to ensure that our services are as interesting and user-friendly as possible.
These cookies are mostly set by Alstom. Being third-party cookies, they are not saved by us. We therefore suggest that you read the websites of these third parties to find out more about the saved cookies and how they are managed.
You can refuse these cookies at any time by changing your browser settings as indicated below.
Our sites contain links to Facebook, Twitter and other similar social media sites that enable you to share the content of our websites with other people via social media. When you use these share buttons, a third-party cookie is installed.
If you are connected to a social media site when browsing our websites, the share button will allow you to link the content viewed to your social media user account. If you do not want the social media site to link the information gathered through our sites to your user account, you will need to log out of the social media site first.
In any case, you can also refuse these cookies by changing your browser settings as described below.
Please read the privacy policies of these social media sites to ensure that you are aware of your rights and the usage purposes, in particular advertising, of browsing information they may collect via these application buttons.
third-party advertising cookie is set by the server of a domain separate from that of the visited site. The most common advertising third-party cookies are generally those used by media sales agencies.
Advertising third-party cookies are used to monitor a network of sites. For example, they are used to collect information about how visitors use a website and can be used to “recognise” an internet user on a number of different sites. In this case, the network management cookie is set or used from the pages of each site through the use of a tag.
We use the following types of cookies on our website (this list was drawn up in August 2014. It is subject to change over time. Please consult the cookies section in your navigator parameters regularly):
Status (mandatory / optional)
partners.alstom.com
Determine whether the current unique visitor is making a new visit.
partners.alstom.com
Store all information required to identify a traffic source (traffic source, traffic source media, keyword typed in if the internet user visits the site via a search engine, etc.)
Manage the expiry date of other cookies.
You can opt out of AddThis cookies from all websites by visiting: http://www.addthis.com/advertising-choices
Record share activity via social media sites on the website.
Update the counter monitoring the sharing of content via social media sites.
Geolocate, within a State, the people sharing content via social media sites.
Update the counter monitoring the sharing of content via social media sites.
Anonymously tracks user behaviour on the websites that allow a user to share pages on social media using the AddThis tool. AddThis log the anonymous use to generate usage trends to improve the relevance of their services and advertising.
Identify which adverts were published on a terminal.
Identify the visitor by creating a unique code if the latter has no Twitter account or has never visited twitter.com.
3. Configuring and deleting cookies
In compliance with regulations, you have the right to oppose and to access personal data.
You can choose to block or deactivate cookies at any time. Internet browser default parameters are usually set to accept cookies. You can change this setting by changing your browser's parameters. You can accept or refuse cookies on a case-by-case basis, depending on their issuing site, or you can systematically refuse all of them.
Remember that changing settings may modify your access conditions to our services which require the use of cookies. Therefore, if you do decide to deactivate certain cookies (e.g. functionality cookies), you may not be able to access some parts of our websites.
To manage cookies as you wish, please change your browser settings bearing in mind the role of the cookies as specified above.
Each browser has a different configuration. This configuration is described in your browser's help menu. Open this menu to find out how to set your cookie preferences.
You can deactivate cookies following the instructions below:
In the General tab, click on Settings under Browsing history, click on Parameters.
Click on the "View files" button.
Click on the header of the Name column to sort all files in alphabetical order and then browse the list until you see files starting with the "Cookie" prefix. (All cookies have this prefix and usually contain the name of the website that created the cookie).
Close the window which contains the list of files and then double-click to go back to Internet Explorer.
Go to the "Tools" tab of the browser and select the “Options” menu.
In the display window, select "Privacy" and click on "Remove individual cookies".
Identify the files listed above, select them and remove them.
Click on the Advanced options tab and access the "Privacy" section.
Identify the files listed above, select them and delete them.
Click on "Close" to go back to your browser.
Some browsers offer the “Do Not Track” option that you can select to prevent cookies being stored on your terminal.
If you have any further questions, please contact Communication Department, 48 rue Albert Dhalenne, 93400 Saint-Ouen, France.
Your journey with continues here
Board of Directors
Alstom’s Board of Directors is composed of thirteen members, appointed for a four-year period. 
The Board of Directors is assisted by three Committees: the Audit Committee, the Nominations and Remuneration Committee and the Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee.
Members: Yann Delabrière (Chair and Lead Independent Director); Candace Beinecke; Gérard Hauser; Klaus Mangold; Baudouin Prot, Sylvie Rucar.
Ethics, Compliance and Sustainability Committee
Members: Sylvie Kandé de Beaupuy (Chair); Bi Yong Chungunco; Gérard Hauser.
The Executive Committee, chaired by the CEO, comprises regional leaders, with all regions being represented, as well as leaders with functional expertise. Finance, Human Resources, Legal, and Operations are the functions permanently sitting at the Executive Committee.
The leads the Executive Committee in its overall management of the Company to achieve its performance goals and objectives.
More specifically, the role of the Executive Committee is to implement the Financial & Strategic directions provided by the Board of Directors. Formally gathering once a month, this Committee engages in decision-making, supporting the in the following areas:
Strategic matters within the framework set by the Board;
Industrial footprint & geographical expansion;
Company policies & critical processes.
It systematically reviews company financial & operational performance, discusses & validates staffing for key positions, seeks insights into various ongoing legal company matters and fosters the implementation of legal best practices.
The Executive Committee endorses the product, marketing & commercial plans and reviews the budget orientations prior to validation by the Company Board of Directors.
The internal audit & internal control management provides regular updates to the Executive Committee, assessing progress towards reaching the objectives set forth by the Audit Committee. The Executive Committee, on a regular basis, reviews the performance of Platform & Operational functions during specific sessions whereby the respective leaders report out on their product development roadmaps & operational improvement initiatives.
Effective internal control
robust and broad internal control system encompasses all Group functions and activities. By enabling quicker, more reliable and more competitive operations, a sound internal control system built on a self-assessed questionnaire provides reasonable assurance that processes are compliant with laws and regulations at all times. Internal control questionnaire ensures that information and data including financial information are reliable and operations are completed in an optimal manner. Around 1,500 personnel, including operational and unit management, are involved in the internal control self-assessment exercise.
Compensation of executive officers
of orders booked will come from newly-developed products by 2020
Staying a step ahead
has built an international reputation on the performance and technological lead provided by its transport solutions. The company is determined to maintain its focus on innovation to set itself apart from other market players while establishing its competitive edge and reducing the total cost of ownership of its products.
Coradia iLint production © Alstom/Julien Goldstein
has structured an innovation process designed to identify and nurture the most promising ideas in line with the Group’s innovation strategy. Due to ongoing R&investment and partnerships, we unveiled three new solutions for 2016/17: the zero-emission  Coradia iLint  regional train, the electric bus Aptis and the multimodal management system for urban transport  Mastria .
For Alstom, smart innovation is a way to create a smarter mobility with added-value for rail transport passengers and operators. It is also a way to increase Alstom's assets, through a proper management of intellectual property and to enhance its efficiency and ways of working. Our objective is to make rail systems:
more efficient for operators (smart maintenance, cybersecurity, optimised total cost of ownership, efficiency);
more attractive for passengers (on-board passenger experience, connectivity, real-time information);
and more integrated with other mode of transport (mutimodal operations, first and last mile mobility solution).
An ecosystem of innovation and creativity
We promote open innovation, partnering with a number of universities, research centres and start-ups. It has fostered public/private research initiatives like System(digital solutions for future transport services), SuperGrid (new power conversion technologies) and Railenium (railway system technologies). We are also involved in competitiveness clusters specialising in embedded systems and transport solutions for the future. Furthermore, developed partnerships with diverse stakeholders to strengthen its scope for innovation in line with its far-sighted approach. Since 2010, has been a sponsor of  Aster Capital , a venture capital fund in innovative technologies. Through this proactive approach, creates a complete ecosystem with diverse stakeholders dedicated to innovation.
1/4 and have partnered to work on an autonomous tram program in a depot. ©Encouraging in-house creativity
supports its R&efforts by fostering a strong culture of innovation within the company, embodied by the annual “YOU” competition.
Open to all employees across all business lines and sites, the competition rewards creativity in every shape and form, spanning products, systems, processes, sustainable development, Open Innovation and more. In 2018, 600 projects were submitted.
For a trusted and cyber-secure mobility
Transportation cybersecurity has become a critical issue. At Alstom, we take this very seriously and have put in place an organization and dedicated guidelines to deal with it. We also contribute to the definition of international standards on rail cybersecurity.
Combining expertise in cybersecurity and thorough knowledge of the railways, supports today its customers in the protection of their transport systems:
We conduct cybersecurity risk analysis and provide pragmatic security architecture and controls based on the context of the operator.
We develop our solutions integrating cybersecurity: secure development lifecycle, security assurance, hardened configurations, secure protocols, administration function protection, security events management and alerts. We also develop products dedicated to cybersecurity such as interfaces between zones.
We provide our solutions with the appropriate guidelines and procedures for secure installation, configuration, operation and maintenance.
Join The 5 pillars of Alstom's strategy
1/5 Reinforce Alstom’s worldwide presence and better meet the needs of customers in local markets. © / Kuldeep Photography – Kuldeep Rohilla
Customer focused organization
As a global player in rail transport, continues to strengthen its position in local markets to better meet the needs of its customers and seize opportunities for growth. To meet booming demand around the globe while adapting to specific considerations in the different regions in which it operates, has established a localised organisation designed to promote commercial and industrial proximity to customers and enhance operational efficiency.
Strategic partnerships across the world
To further strengthen its proximity with its customers, has built a worldwide, solid and effective network of partnerships in key locations. These alliances enable to meet its customers’ rising demand for local solutions.
1/6 formed one of its flagship partnerships in 2010, with the Russian firm Transmashholding (TMH) for the needs of the 1520 market, which encompasses the largest rail network in the world. ©/ Sergey Gusev
complete range of solutions
offers the most comprehensive range of products and services in the rail market. From trains and integrated systems to signalling and services. combines an array of expertise to offer customers optimal solutions tailored to the challenges of smarter and sustainable mobility.
19%
Value creation through innovation
In the face of growing demand for mobility solutions, they need to offer passengers means of transportation that are comfortable, reliable, safe and attractive. Yet they also need to optimise costs to ensure a sustainable business model. How can we help? Innovation is our answer.
In a market that is increasingly demanding in terms of competitiveness and sustainable solutions, we have made operational and environmental performance a priority.
reduction in lead times and production costs thanks to new digital design tools
reduction in the energy intensity of operations achieved of schedule in March 2017
1/3 We use virtual reality centers and 3rooms to work more efficiently and remotely on digital mock-ups between our teams across the world, with our customers or suppliers. ©/ – Julien Goldstein
Diverse and entrepreneurial people
knows that employee empowerment is crucial to its success and continues to strengthen its culture by promoting diversity and entrepreneurial spirit with a fundamental commitment to integrity and high ethical business standards and practices.
was among the 1st companies to obtain the ISO37001 anti-corruption certification
is our 2020 target for managerial and professional positions held by women
More infoFrom train manufacturer to sustainable mobility maker
Join Our ambition is to accompany all transportation stakeholders in meeting tomorrow’s mobility challenges.  We strive to provide them with the most efficient and digital mobility systems, while further improving the environmental  friendliness of our solutions. 
global leader in the transportation sector, in the digital age
As a promoter of sustainable mobility, develops and markets systems, equipment and services for the transport sector. We offer a complete range of solutions (from high-speed trains to metros, tramways and e-buses), passenger solutions, customised services (maintenance, modernisation), infrastructure, signalling and digital mobility solutions. is a world leader in integrated transport systems.
In order to create a world champion capable of addressing the challenges of tomorrow's mobility, we have entered into a combination agreement with Siemens Mobility.
Meeting today’s needs without compromising tomorrow
It is our responsibility to support the transition to sustainable mobility solutions that are accessible for all and to implement a sustainable business model.  
We strive to develop efficient and sustainable solutions, manage our operations in a responsible way and foster a company culture of diversity and integrity. These are the building blocks for the company’s success.
Smart innovations for sustainable mobility
Activity report
Sustainable sourcing
Health and safety
Environmental footprint
Diversity & Inclusion
Your career at Job search
Siemens Financial & Share information
Investors presentations
Financial & share information about Facebook
ordinary shares have been listed on the Paris Stock Exchange since June 22, 1998. is part of the Large 60 index (composed of the 60 most important securities listed on Euronext Paris) and the 120 index (an index compiled by Société des Bourses Françaises made up of the ‘120 major, continuously quoted securities that are the most actively traded and liquid’). is also part of the Euronext 100 index (index made up of the 100 major, continuously quoted securities that are the most actively traded and liquid on the Euronext Exchange).
The Company has chosen not to create or otherwise sponsor an American Depositary Receipt (ADR) facility in respect of its shares. Any facility currently in existence is "unsponsored" and has no ties whatsoever to the Company. 
This means that the Company cannot be relied upon to ensure the proper operation of such facility or to protect the rights of holders, and the Company expressly disclaims any liability or submission to jurisdiction to any courts in the United States in respect of such facility. Persons choosing to deposit shares into such a facility or to acquire ADRs issued from such a facility do so at their own risk and on the basis of their own analysis of such facility.
For the investment calculator and the historical share price lookup, only 5 years of data are available.
According to a shareholding study carried out in March 2018 to monitor the development of its capital structure.
Capital structure by region (On identified shareholders only)
Total Group actual figures (IAS11) - Fiscal year ending 31 March
Net income - Group share
Free cash flow
Net cash / (debt)
In respect of the previous financial years, it has been proposed to the Shareholders' Meetings called on 1 July 2014, on 30 June 2015 and on 5 July 2016 not to distribute dividends.
Since the resolutions were approved by the shareholders, no dividend was paid in respect of the fiscal years ended 31 March 2014, 31 March 2015 and 31 March 2016.
As approved at the Shareholders’ Meeting on 4 July 2017, has distributed a dividend of €0.25 per share for fiscal year 2016/17.
As approved at the Shareholders’ Meeting on 17 July 2018, has distributed a dividend of €0.35 per share for fiscal year 2017/18.
Public share buy back offer
Below for your perusal are Alstom’s credit line profile and its rating by Moody’s Investor service.
Capital Market
Short-term rating
First Supplement dated 25 June 2013 to the Base Prospectus
programme base prospectus dated 20 June 2013
To our knowledge, the below list presents the main analysts covering the stock. We provide this list for your convenience only and do not endorse or express any opinion on these analysts’ reports. The list will be updated on a regular basis, but does not purport to be complete, correct or representative as of any point in time.
Bank of America - Merrill Lynch
Agnès Blazy
Ben Uglow
Redburn
© 2019Hit the key enter to validate
Fulfilling our customers’ expectations with the best and most committed partners
Join Alliance
In order to align these expectations with the challenges of an increasingly competitive global railway market, we understand that it is vital to attract and develop jointly rewarding, long-term partnerships with suppliers who have proven ability in the sector.
Those who are known to deliver the highest quality, most innovative and cost-efficient products to market in a reliable, ethical and timely fashion are acknowledged and supported through Alliance.
Rigorous, demanding, and ultimately enriching, the Alliance rewards enterprising suppliers with all of the benefits associated with working for the world’s leading multi-specialist railway systems and services provider. As of early 2018, welcomes around 40 suppliers into the Alliance program.
Benefits of the Alliance for your business  
world-class reference through association with Potential access to new business
Priority access to co-development programs
Support in identifying important opportunities in the sector
Streamlined management of the supplier-customer relationship
ALTeis a web-based strategic tool used to centralise and standardise communications between management and suppliers. This streamlined management of the tender process ensures accountability and allows speedy analysis of crucial documentation in the decision making process.
Used throughout our consultation process, the program simplifies the sourcing process and accelerates our suppliers’ speed to market, thanks to secured data and confidentiality, traceability of exchanges & knowledge base.
offers a platform for immediate exchange of supply-chain information. Designed to improve communication with all members of our supply chain, this operational tool is used to communicate throughout the planning and execution phases of development.
The real-time exchange of a single set of data allows efficiency across the board, from saved administrative costs to reduced overstock.
Saudi Arabia (‫المملكة العربية السعودية‬‎)+966
Sudan (‫السودان‬‎)+249
Interior fittings and (fiber reinforced parts)
Electrical (Looms, Cubicles, Cables), Bogie Transmission & Traction Equipement (incl. Transformer, Power Packs, Fuel Cell)
Infrastructure Domain is built around 4 pillars: 
Electrification (from Substation to Catenary wire including complete and distribution), 
Trackworks (Rails, Turnouts, Concrete,...), 
Electromechanical (Platform Screen Doors, Ticketing and Depot Equipments)
The purchase of Installation and Civil Works activities allowing deliver turnkey solutions to our customers.
The sub system domain covers the key functions of the train for all the platforms. The first one is the Safety function with components such as Brakes, Doors & Couplers. The second one is the Energy & Comfort function with diverse families of products : HVAC, Seats, Toilets, Floor, Glazing, Gangways, Energy Storage & Pantographs
