								Celebrate the Return of the Blazers at Altabira City Tavern							
It’s Blazer Season! The Blazers are back! We are so excited for the return of basketball season – and we’re excited to see all the Blazer fans again, too. (Best fans in the NBA!) The Blazers home opener is tonight! We are just a short walk away from The Moda Center, so be sure to…
Come for dinner, a craft beer and a beautiful view.
*Reservations are accepted for lunch and dinner only in our dining room.
We accept reservations for tables during happy hour
*Since we have a limited number of seating options for large groups, 
Seating at the Altabira bar or on the rooftop patio is always available on a first come, first served basis, weather permitting.
Groups larger than 12 people should contact our 
 sales department for other options.
Sign up for our Newsletter
Subscribe to our mailing list
Altabira features 16 tap handles of local craft beers, plus select European and Northwest wines and locally distilled spirits. Altabira’s dining room seats 50, the spacious rectangular bar seats 34. gorgeous patio — with windbreaks, heaters and fire pits — accommodates 103. Five stunning private dining and meeting rooms — including the 3,400 square foot Cosmopolitan Grand Ballroom— feature floor to ceiling windows and breathtaking views.
We accept reservations for tables during happy hour.
Since we have a limited number of seating options for large groups, we do not accept reservations for parties larger than twelve. Seating at the Altabira bar or on the rooftop patio is always available on a first come, first served basis, weather permitting.
Come for dinner, a craft beer and a beautiful view.
We accept reservations for tables during happy hour.
*Since we have a limited number of seating options for large groups, we do not accept reservations for parties larger than twelve.
Seating at the Altabira bar or on the rooftop patio is always available on a first come, first served basis, weather permitting.
Groups larger than 12 people should contact our Private Dining sales department for other options.
