We are the world’s largest automotive OSAT
PADKs Bring Value to Semiconductor Designs
From the Dec. 2018 Issue of China Integrated Circuits
First in the Industry to Support Mentor’s Tools
has great career opportunities around the world. Want to learn more? Choose your region below and take the next step to joining our team.
Find a career by region...
Find a career by region...
Semiconductor Tales: Materials for Packaging and Saving Cost, Vol. 2
Korea K4 Factory Manager Lihoon Kim is Appointed as the Honorary Customs Director of Gwangju Customs Office
From humble beginnings with the founding of Industries, Technology, Inc. has grown to become a world class supplier in the semiconductor industry.
It all began with a bicycle…
In 1935, Hyang-Soo Kim opened his first business on the south side of Seoul, Korea, selling imported Japanese goods, including bicycles. That business eventually grew to include the manufacturing of bicycle parts, resulting in the founding of Industries in 1945.
Seeking greater economic vitality, the Korean government looked to semiconductors as the future, so entered into semiconductor manufacturing in 1968; starting with just three wire bonders and two die bonders.
Soon after, with the help of his son, Joo-Jin (James) Kim, founder of Electronics, Inc., they began to sell ANAM’s products around the world. In the years since, Technology, Inc. has grown to become a world class supplier in the semiconductor industry, providing the highest quality packaging and test services .
Hyang-Soo’s principles were simple: work for the customer’s trust; maintain trust with quality and patience, and cut costs wherever possible. These values would help drive the growth of Amkor, the semiconductor industry and the transformation of Korea’s economy.
Explore Amkor’s history of continuous improvement, growth and innovation by year.
completes construction of Global R&Center and K5 plant
and J-Devices acquire three additional semiconductor plants in Japan from Renesas Semiconductor
and J-Devices acquire two additional semiconductor plants in Japan from Fujitsu Semiconductor
The world’s first 40 micrometer fine pitch flip chip with copper pillar development and production by and Texas Instruments
establishes J-Devices in Kyushu, Japan through joint venture with and Toshiba
moves company headquarters to Chandler, from West Chester, PA
acquires second major semiconductor plant in Shanghai, China from IBM
engages in a joint venture with Toshiba in Japan
Joo-Jin (James) Kim founded Electronics, Inc. (current Technology, Inc.) and opened the sales office of the semiconductor packaging company in Philadelphia
Hyang-Soo Kim founded Industrial Co., South Korea’s first semiconductor business
delivers defect-free products and provides
Enabling our business to be competitive by providing
 the same quality mindset across all departments.
Deliver zero defect products and service to our customers
Philippines MIL-PRF-38535 Class Certificate
Contact an expert by clicking the request info button below.
Korea K4 Factory Manager Lihoon Kim is Appointed as the Honorary Customs Director of Gwangju Customs Office
The ideal solution for low cost integration at a smaller size
Enabling a Multiple Processor Siwith 2.5TSVs
What is Driving Advanced Packaging Platforms Development
Design Characterization of a Two-Channel SiTransmitter White Paper
Create highly integrated products with a smaller package and increased functionality
Semiconductor industry demands for higher levels of integration and lower costs coupled with a growing awareness of complete system configuration have continued to drive the popularity of System in Package (SiP) solutions. Amkor’s Siis an ideal solution in markets that demand a smaller size with increased functionality. By assembling, testing and shipping millions of Sidevices per day, has a proven track record as the industry leader in Sidesign, assembly and test.
Amkor’s Center of Excellence for substrate-based Siis located in our largest volume manufacturing facility in ATK4 Kwangju, South Korea. The large-scale manufacturing capabilities in ATK4 factory can achieve significant volume production support with very high yields with short cycle times.
System in Package allows multiple advanced packaging technologies to be combined to create solutions customized to each end application. Laminate based Siis in a front-runner solution and most popular Sisolution for cellular, IoT, power, automotive, networking and computing system integrations.
Iofor Wearable and Machine to Machine (M2M)
, microcontroller, memory, antenna, PMIC, and other mix-mode devices
Logic, analog and mixed-mode Computing and networking
Contact an expert by clicking the request info button below.
