This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
Our technology platform is your solution to unlock new markets and sell more products — from solar lighting systems to clean cookstoves.
Optimize your sales performance. Develop lasting relationships with your clients. Accelerate business growth.
The software platform is a flexible solution for product distributors to catalyze unprecedented growth in emerging markets.
Customizable and designed for ease of use, Angaza’s software enables you to digitize and automate your distribution business and gain powerful data insights about your operations.
Offer your clients top-of-the-line household and income-generating products from leading manufacturers. Sell them on an affordable installment basis or as a cash sale. Angaza’s platform can support any life-changing product, from clean cookstoves to smartphones — and more. Our pay-as-you-go metering and monitoring technology is integrated with a large and growing portfolio of best-in-class solar devices.
Powerful. Flexible. Scalable.
Software built for businesses and optimized for the unique realities of last-mile distribution. Sell more products to more people, whether they live in urban or remote regions.
has a growing network of distribution customers across the globe from Nicaragua to Myanmar — and everywhere in between.
The system is secure, it’s efficient and it’s a game changer for our sales.
You're now subscribed to the newsletter| About
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
We create the technology that allows businesses to offer life-changing products to anyone, anywhere.
technology empowers distributors to make life-changing products accessible and affordable to individuals in emerging markets, even those who live on less than $2 per day. With affordable access to livelihood necessities like solar lights and clean cookstoves, people without access to credit or traditional banking services can start on a path to financial inclusion.
We believe we can end poverty by enabling universal access to transformative products, services, and information.
Every day, helps bring life-changing products into homes across the globe. By using our technology solution to sell products on affordable pay-as-you-go financing plans, our distribution partners have unlocked new markets, many reporting up to 5x increases in sales to consumers. Over 5 million people in emerging markets across the globe have benefitted from Angaza’s technology by accessing life-changing products that save money, increase incomes, improve household health, and increase quality of life.
Angaza’s platform supports over 1 million life-changing products like solar home systems, clean cookstoves, water pumps and more.
has helped consumers in emerging markets save over $100 million by switching from kerosene to clean, renewable energy.
has empowered 5 million people around the world to access life-changing products by making them affordable.
100+ distribution partners in over 30 countries use Angaza’s technology platform to manage their businesses.
After launching to increase clean energy access in off-grid markets, Angaza’s founders quickly realized that, despite demand for high-quality solar energy systems, the upfront product costs were prohibitively expensive for the consumers who needed them the most. To meet this existing consumer demand, developed a complete technology solution to make life-changing products accessible and affordable. Our embedded metering and monitoring technology allows device manufacturers to make their products Pay-As-You-Go enabled, and our software suite allows product distributors to digitize their data, automate their operations, and rapidly scale their last-mile distribution businesses.
In recognition of Angaza’s scale and impact, is the recipient of the 2018 Ashden Award for International Financial and Business Model Innovation, the 2018 Skoll Award for Social Entrepreneurship, the 2012 and 2016 Tech Awards, and the 2013 Echoing Green Fellowship.
provides a sales and payment management platform to over 100+ distribution partners across the globe. Our technology is designed to meet the needs of last-mile distribution in emerging markets, enabling distributors to sell life-changing products from Kenya, to Bangladesh, to Nicaragua.
You're now subscribed to the newsletter| Our Partners
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
partners with best-in-class companies looking to increase their opportunities in emerging markets. We build partnerships across sectors, from collaborations with leading solar manufacturers to mobile money integrations with the world’s largest mobile network operators. Through our partnerships, we support businesses as they increase their reach, build consumer relationships, and grow their sales.
builds cross-sector partnerships with manufacturers, distributors, and mobile network operators. Each partner leverages Angaza’s technology to play a crucial role in delivering quality, affordable life-changing products to consumers.
collaborates with partners across the globe, from manufacturers to mobile network operators. partial list of our partners include:
Over 100 distribution partners across 30+ countries use Angaza’s technology to digitize and grow their business.
Our integration with over 20 mobile payment platforms in dozens of countries enables ease of adoption for new distribution partners.
Our solar home system program launched within just a few weeks with the platform and worked exactly as it should. With Angaza’s support, we were able to meet our program goals.
You're now subscribed to the newsletter