Board of Directors
Programs and Pipeline
Welcome Patients
Board of Directors
Programs and Pipeline
Welcome Patients
Developing Groundbreaking
With the patient in mind
We Design Treatments Just for You.
At we are developing therapies to treat patients with rare inherited conditions. Our most advanced therapy programs are designed to restore visual function and meet the needs of patients with rare blinding conditions.
to Present at Upcoming Conferences
Appoints William Aliski to its Board of Directors
Treats First Patient of Second Cohort in Phase 1/2 Clinical Study; Earns $10 Million Enrollment Milestone
At we are focused on therapies that can restore visual function in patients with rare inherited conditions.
At we are focused on therapies that can restore visual function in patients with rare inherited conditions. Simple activities such as riding a bike, playing outside, and even the ability to recognize a loved one in a crowd, can be impossible for patients with rare blinding conditions.
Our treatment candidates have the potential to dramatically improve visual function in patients with conditions where only palliative or no therapies exist today.
therapies are complex, with interdependent components that must work in harmony.
Fifteen years of gene therapy experience allows us at to design and construct all critical gene therapy elements and bring them together to develop successful treatments for patients.
Capsid Diversity
Visionary science for life changing cures.
Join our team
Board of Directors
Open Positions
Ethics and Compliance
Caregiver
[recaptcha]×
An experienced entrepreneur with a strong scientific and operational background, Sue brings a decade of experience in pharmaceutical management and research with Abbott Labs and Eli Lilly & Company and more than 16 years of senior management experience with entrepreneurial firms in Florida including three start-ups. At AGTC, Sue has successfully secured investments of more than $91 million from nationally recognized venture capitalists and granting agencies; negotiated and closed on a major collaboration with a top five Biotech company; lead the company to complete critical milestones; and recruited an experienced management team. Her experience as a group leader with Abbott’s Diagnostic Division helped hone her skills in bringing new products and from the lab bench into the market place.
Sue is the chair of Southeast BIO, is a member of the Executive Committee of BioFlorida and sits on the board of the Florida High Tech Corridor Council. She has a degree in biochemistry from Michigan State University and an from the University of Florida where she was one of the first graduates from the Warrington College of Business Entrepreneurship program.
Chief Business Officer
Stephen has more than 15 years of experience as a senior executive in the biotechnology industry. Prior to joining AGTC, he was most recently employed by NeoStem, Inc., a developer of cell-based therapeutics, where Stephen served as Executive Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors. He was Senior Vice President of Operations and Corporate Development for Osiris Therapeutics, Inc., where he was part of the senior leadership team that achieved approval of the first-ever stem cell drug therapy, Prochymal®. Stephen was also responsible for the launch and overall management of the Bio-Surgery business unit as well as operational oversight for multiple functional areas including manufacturing, human resources, IT, legal and business development. Prior to Osiris, Stephen served as Senior Vice President of Corporate and Business Development at Genzyme and as Vice President of Corporate and Business Development. Over his ten years at Genzyme, Stephen was the senior leader for its global corporate and business development team that provided strategic and transaction support, including support for many of Genyzme’s gene and cell therapy opportunities. He has also held positions at DuPont Pharmaceuticals, Dupont de Nemours and Company, Inc., and Booz Allen & Hamilton. Stephen earned a from University of Massachusetts and an from Harvard Business School.
Dr. Shearman is responsible for leading the company’s product candidate selection process, pre-clinical and translational research and long-term research and development planning, while also contributing to the overall strategic direction of the company. Dr. Shearman was employed most recently by Serono, Inc., the and Canadian subsidiary of Merck KGaA, where he served as Senior Vice-President of Research & Early Development since 2009. Previously, Dr. Shearman was Executive Director of Merck & Co. Research Laboratories, Boston, and Senior Director at the Merck Sharp & Dohme Research Laboratories Neuroscience Research Centre, Dr. Shearman earned a B.Sc. from the University of Bristol, a Ph.from the University of Nottingham and conducted academic research at institutes in Japan and Germany.
Chief Financial Officer
Bill has more than 20 years of experience in corporate finance, leading strategic transactions, fundraising, and accounting. Prior to joining AGTC, he worked at Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc. for close to 10 years and held a variety of important leadership positions, including Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Treasurer. While at Merrimack, he led the company’s $100 million initial public offering, helped the company raise more than $400 million in debt and equity capital as a public company, and played a key role in the company’s commercial launch of ONIVYDE® and subsequent asset sale to Ipsen for up to $1.025 billion. Prior to his role at Merrimack, Mr. Sullivan held a variety of positions in the areas of financial planning and analysis, operations management, and auditing.
Bill holds a in Economics from Williams College and a and in Accounting from Northeastern University and obtained his certified public accountant license while working at Arthur Andersen, LLP.
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Feinsod is a board-certified ophthalmologist with extensive corporate and regulatory expertise in the development of novel therapies for ophthalmic diseases.  In his previous positions he has played key roles in corporate finance, developing and implementing clinical and regulatory strategy, due diligence, and licensing. He has been a founder in several companies including Imagen Biotech, a venture-backed company dedicated to developing breakthrough ophthalmology treatments for high unmet needs.  At Imagen he secured financing of $40from a syndicate of three global investor groups and led all company activities.  Prior to Imagen, Dr. Feinsod was of Strategy and Product Development at Eyetech Pharmaceuticals where he spent five years in a variety of functions helping to develop and launch Macugen and an anti-aptamer now in Phase 3 clinical trials with Ophthotech.  Prior to joining Eyetech, Dr. Feinsod served as medical officer for the Division of Anti-inflammatory, Analgesic and Ophthalmologic Drug Products, where he was a primary reviewer for both and ophthalmology regulatory applications. Concurrently, he held a clinical trials/drug development fellowship position in George Washington University’s Department of Ophthalmology and served on the University hospital’s Institutional Review Board.  Previously, Dr. Feinsod conducted post-doctoral molecular biology research with a focus on nucleotide science at Cornell University Medical Center.
He received his undergraduate degree from the Wharton School of Business and his from the George Washington University School of Medicine and completed his residency at the Manhattan Eye, Ear and Throat Hospital.  Dr. Feinsod holds several patents in the field of ophthalmology and in emitted light-stabilization. Dr. Feinsod serves on the board of directors of World Eye Mission, a non-profit organization.  He continues to practice ophthalmology on a part-time basis.
Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs
Ellery is the Executive Director, Regulatory Affairs at and is responsible for leading the company’s regulatory and Gxcompliance initiatives. He has over 20 years’ experience managing global regulatory and quality activities for both small and large molecule development programs and has led products through all critical stages of development; from preclinical to first-in-human studies, from early to late phase clinical evaluation and from license application through approval and post-marketing development and label expansion. His areas of therapeutic focus have included CNS, immunological, cardiovascular and infectious diseases. Prior to joining AGTC, Mr. Mangas held regulatory and quality positions of increasing responsibility at UCB, Nabi Biopharmaceuticals and Therapeutics. Ellery earned a degree in Microbiology from the University of Florida and is Regulatory Affairs Certified by the Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society (RAPS).
Executive Director, Process Development
Since AGTC’s inception, Dr. Knop has been responsible for the development of all upstream and downstream unit operations comprising the company’s proprietary rco-infection method for rmanufacture.
Dr. Knop joined in 2002 after completing his doctoral research in Chemical Engineering at Michigan State University which focused on biocatalytic production of value-added pharmaceutical intermediates useful in the synthesis of anti-influenza medicinals. He has defined, and executed technology transfer on, multiple phase 1 and 2 clinical material generation processes for rraw material and rclinical trial material to contract manufacturing organizations, academic and corporate partners.  Dr. Knop has authored dozens of manuscripts, presentations, and posters encompassing the production, processing, and purification of rand rvectors for use in gene therapy applications.About
Board of Directors
Programs and Pipeline
Welcome Patients
Board of Directors
Programs and Pipeline
Welcome Patients
												At We Are Data Geeks | Team Oriented Transparent | Quality Focused | Leaders											
Our Philosophy
We are committed to transparency. We foster a data-driven and goal oriented work environment where project leadership is encouraged at all levels. At we believe in a work hard, play hard philosophy. We bring together industry-leading experts and innovative thinkers to create an atmosphere of scientific growth and discovery.
View Open positions
generous and flexible package
Stock based compensation
401matching
Comprehensive Team Building
is an equal opportunity employer and maintains a drug free environment.
So, you want to join the team AGTC? That's the spirit.
Qualified applicants, please submit or resume to 
Open Positions
Click on position below to view detials
Engineer I/– Upstream (Alachua, FL)
Sr Accountant, Project Management (Alachua, FL)
Research Associate – Target Validation (Alachua, FL)
Research Associate – Gene Therapy (Cambridge, MA)
At we offer paid internships each summer to highly motivated, team-oriented students.
Our interns work in a flexible and intellectually challenging environment where they have the opportunity to make real-world impact. At AGTC, we offer a flat and multidisciplinary environment that allows students to interact across departments and gain broad industry experience.
To be considered for an internship, please submit your resume and cover letter to 
during the month of March.
Visionary science for life changing cures.
Join our team
Board of Directors
Open Positions
Ethics and Compliance
Caregiver
[recaptcha]In January 2017, entered into a strategic research and development collaboration with Bionic Sight, an innovator in the emerging field of optogenetics and retinal coding. Through this collaboration, and Bionic Sight will seek to develop a new optotherapy that leverages AGTC’s deep experience in gene therapy and ophthalmology and Bionic Sight’s innovative neuro-prosthetic device and algorithm for retinal coding to develop new optotherapies. Dr. Sheila Nirenberg, of Bionic Sight, explains her technology in these videos:
University of Florida
has multiple Sponsored Research Agreements with the University of Florida to explore and develop novel technologies. These contracts cover basic research for many new treatment candidates as well as support clinical trials and research projects that will enhance the basic technology platform. also holds multiple licenses from the University of Florida and has had a long-standing relationship with the university since the company’s founding.
In June 2014, and signed an agreement to have provide gene therapy manufacturing services to companies developing gene therapy treatments using AGTC’s proprietary manufacturing methods. and will co-market AGTC’s proprietary manufacturing method with SAFC’s cmanufacturing capabilities.  will assist clients in engineering AAV-based vectors and the associated helper viruses for manufacturing activities.  will manufacture vectors with the proprietary system to either support initial research or in accordance with crequirements to support clinical trial development and eventual commercial production.  Through this partnership, clients will also have access to bio-manufacturing testing services from BioReliance, SAFC’s biologics and early-development services business.
In December 2015, and Sympromics entered into a broad, multi-target collaboration agreement. Synpromics’ technology gives biological researchers, product developers and manufacturers control of gene expression through the ability to create a comprehensive portfolio of man-made sequences. As part of the collaboration, the companies plan to utilize Synpromics’ proprietary technology to develop and optimize synthetic promoters for multiple cell types that will be used in the development of new gene therapy candidates.
In April 2015, and 4Molecular Therapeutics, entered a collaboration and license agreement to discover and develop optimized vectors to treat specific ophthalmic disease indications with high unmet medical need. 4is a global leader in gene therapy product research & development using scientific innovation to unlock the full potential of gene therapy for patients with conditions. As part of the agreement, 4will deploy its proprietary vector discovery platform, Directed Vector Evolution, to identify and optimize novel vectors in non-human primates. Directed Vector Evolution, empowers 4to create customized gene delivery vehicles (novel vectors) to deliver genes to any tissue or organ in the body.
Since 2016, has established multiple Sponsored Research Agreements to develop new therapies targeting inner ear diseases. AGTC’s research collaborations with Boston Children’s Hospital, Harvard Medical School, University of California San Francisco, and the Kresge Hearing Research Institute at The University of Michigan is expected to accelerate the translation of innovative approaches from the laboratory to the clinic, ultimately offering patients new treatment options for several inner ear diseases. The on-going research projects could advance several otology product candidates into clinical development in the next few years.
In July 2015, and Biogen entered into a broad collaboration and license agreement to develop a portfolio of therapeutic candidates. The lead programs in the collaboration are X-linked Retinoschisis (XLRS) and X-Linked Retinitis Pigmentosa (XLRP). and Biogen will also collaborate on three additional jointly developed indications. In February 2016, the companies announced adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) as the first of the three discovery programs under the collaboration. will lead the clinical development programs of through product approval and of through the completion of first-in-human trials.  Biogen will also receive an exclusive license to use AGTC’s proprietary technology platform to make vectors for up to six genes, three of which are at AGTC’s discretion, in exchange for payment of milestones and royalties. The and Biogen collaboration will be terminated as of March 8, 2019.
Visionary science for life changing cures.×
Bill Aliski joined our board of directors in September 2018. Mr. Aliski has served as a commercial consultant and corporate director for numerous biotechnology companies. He currently serves on the board of Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical, and was formerly a board member of Edimer Pharmaceuticals and Scioderm Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Mr. Aliski served as Chief Commercial Officer of FoldRx Pharmaceuticals, a rare disease company that is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Pfizer Inc., from 2009 to 2011, as Director of Simon Kucher Partners, a global consulting firm, during 2008 and 2009, and as General Manager of BioMarin Europe at from 2005 through 2008. Mr. Aliski received a in Economics and a Master of Social Planning from Boston College, and an from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University.
Scott Koenig, M.D., Ph.has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2002 and as chairman of our board of directors since April 2004. Dr. Koenig has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of MacroGenics, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, since September 2001 and was one of its co-founders. Prior to joining MacroGenics, Dr. Koenig served as Senior Vice President of Research at MedImmune Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, where he participated in the selection and maturation of its product pipeline. From 1984 to 1990, he worked in the Laboratory of Immunoregulation at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health, or NIH, where he investigated the immune response to retroviruses and studied the pathogenesis of Dr. Koenig currently serves on the board of directors of each of GlycoMimetics, Inc. (GLYC), The International Biomedical Research Alliance, and the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO). Dr. Koenig received his and Ph.from Cornell University and his from the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston. He completed his residency in Internal Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania, and is Board certified in Internal Medicine and Allergy and Immunology.
Ed Hurwitz has served as a member of our board of directors since November 2012. Mr. Hurwitz is a Managing Director of Capital, a healthcare venture capital firm, and a Managing Director of Precision Bioventures, LLC, a consulting and investment advisory firm founded by Mr. Hurwitz. He was a director at Alta Partners from 2002 through December 2014, and served as a consultant to Alta Partners during 2013 and 2014. Mr. Hurwitz currently serves as Chairman of the board of directors of ViewPoint Therapeutics, a privately-held, biotechnology company, and as a member of the board of directors of MacroGenics, Inc. Prior to joining Alta, Mr. Hurwitz served as Senior Vice President and of Affymetrix from 1997 to 2002. From 1994 to 1997, Mr. Hurwitz was a biotechnology research analyst for Robertson Stephens & Company, and from 1992 to 1994, was a biotechnology research analyst for Smith Barney Shearson. From 1990 to 1992, he practiced commercial law at Cooley Godward Mr. Hurwitz earned a and from the University of California, Berkeley’s Boalt School of Law and Haas School of Business, respectively. He also holds a in Molecular Biology from Cornell University.
IvanaMagovcevic-Liebisch
Ivana Magovcevic-Liebisch has served as a member of our board of directors since June 2014. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch currently serves as the Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer for Ipsen  From May 2017 through March 2018 she served as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer for Axcella Health Inc.  From April 2013 through May 2017, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch served as Senior Vice President, Head of Global Business Development for Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., or Teva. Prior to joining Teva, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch held several senior positions within Dyax Corp., or Dyax, from April 2001 through March 2013, most recently serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Dyax, Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch was Director of Intellectual Property and Patent Counsel for Transkaryotic Therapies, Inc. from November 1999 until March 2001. Dr. Magovcevic-Liebisch received her from Suffolk University Law School and her Ph.in genetics from Harvard University.
Anne VanLent has served as a member of our board of directors and chair of the audit committee since August 2016. Ms. VanLent is President of Advisors, providing corporate strategy and financial consulting services to emerging growth life sciences companies. Ms. VanLent had been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Barrier Therapeutics, Inc., a publicly traded pharmaceutical company that developed and marketed prescription dermatology products, from May 2002 through April 2008. From July 1997 to October 2001, she was the Executive Vice President—Portfolio Management for Sarnoff Corporation, a multidisciplinary research and development firm. From 1985 to 1993, she served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Liposome Company, Inc., a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company. Ms. VanLent currently serves as lead director, chair of the Audit Committee, and member of the Nominating and Governance Committee of Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc.; and as a director, chair of the Audit Committee, and chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee of Ocera Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly Tranzyme Pharma, Inc.), each a Nasdaq-listed pharmaceuticals company. From April 2013 through June 2017 she served a director, member of the Audit Committee (serving as Chair from April 2013 through 2016, and member of the Compliance Committee of Novelion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (previously Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.). From July 2013 to May 2016, Ms. VanLent served as a director, chair of the Audit Committee, and member of the Compensation Committee of Onconova Therapeutics, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed pharmaceuticals company; and was as a director of Integra Life Sciences Holdings, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed medical device company, where she served as chair of the Audit Committee from 2006 to 2012. Ms. VanLent received a degree in Physics from Mount Holyoke College.
James Rosen has served as a member of our board of directors since March 2010; he is currently President & of Artizan Biosciences. Artizan Biosciences is engaging in early-stage immunobiology research and development for the treatment of unmet medical needs. From February 2015 through August 2016, Mr. Rosen served as Deputy Director, Venture Investing at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Prior to that, Mr. Rosen was a partner at Intersouth Partners, a venture capital firm, from January 2007 to December 2014. Prior to joining Intersouth, he spent 15 years in clinical, research and financial positions in the health care and biotechnology sectors, including serving as an equity research analyst at Brean Murray & Co., from 2000 to 2003, covering biopharmaceuticals, genomics, generics, drug delivery and medical device companies. Mr. Rosen holds a from Duke University, an from the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill’s Kenan-Flagler School of Business and an from the University of North Carolina School of Public Health.
Sue Washer has served as our president and chief executive officer since March 2002 and as a member of our board of directors since November 2003. Prior to becoming our president and chief executive officer, Ms. Washer served as our chief operating officer from October 2001 to March 2002. From August 1996 to October 2001, Ms. Washer was president and chief executive officer of Scenic Productions Inc., a specialty construction firm providing sculpting, painting and construction services to the entertainment industry. From June 1994 to August 1996, Ms. Washer served as the Founding Executive Director and then Business Advisor for the North Florida Technology Innovation Center, a public-private organization financing and providing services to entrepreneurial companies licensing technology from Florida universities. From October 1983 to June 1994, Ms. Washer served in various research and pharmaceutical management positions with Abbott Laboratories and Eli Lilly and Company. Ms. Washer received a in biochemistry from Michigan State University and an from the University of Florida.Importance of Enrolling
Clinical trials are crucial to the research and development of new therapies to address a wide variety of conditions – from relatively common health conditions, including diabetes and heart disease, to rare indications that only affect a very small percentage of the population.
However, many of these potential therapies are slower to reach patients who need them the most, frequently due to challenges in getting patients to enroll in clinical trials. For people with rare conditions, the problem is compounded by the low number of people with the condition, lack of awareness about active studies and potential new treatments, as well as perceived barriers to enrollment– such as costs and travel.
What to Expect if am considering a clinical trial.
Each person’s experience in a clinical trial, including those evaluating the potential benefit of a new therapy for a rare condition, is different.
For more information on clinical trials you can visit the website:
What should think about before joining a clinical trial?
Before joining a clinical trial, it is important to learn as much as possible. Discuss your questions and concerns with members of your health care team to determine if the trial is a good option based on your current condition and options available. Be sure you understand:
What happens during the trial
The type of health care you will receive
Any related costs once you are enrolled in the trial
The benefits and risks associated with participating
For more information please visit the website: https://www.fda.gov/ForPatients/ClinicalTrials/ClinicalvsMedical/ucm20041761.htm
Clinical trials, also called clinical research studies, are conducted by clinicians and medical researchers to understand the potential benefits and risks of new, unapproved medical treatments.
Phase 1 and 2 studies are early studies intended to obtain initial data about the safety of the new investigational therapy and its potential effectiveness. If Phase 1 and 2 studies produce positive data, Phase 3 studies may be conducted.  Phase 3 studies are larger studies intended to obtain more extensive data about the safety and effectiveness of the treatment.
Natural History Study (NHS) is a long-term study to gather information about the progression of a condition and its impact on a patient’s quality of life. Individuals may undergo routine testing to determine the progression of their condition but no investigational therapies are administered.
Informed Consent / Right to Terminate Study Participation
Informed consent is the process of understanding the key facts about a clinical trial before deciding if to participate.
At any point of the clinical trial, a participant can leave or withdraw from the study. When withdrawing from the trial, the participant should let the research team know about it, and if they feel comfortable, share the reason for leaving the study.
You are free to leave a clinical trial at any time, even after you have signed an informed consent or received the investigational drug or standard of care. Additionally, the quality of your care received will not be affected by your decision to participate in or withdraw from the study. However, you should always inform the research team of your decision to withdraw from the study to ensure treatment is discontinued safely. The research team may also ask to continue monitoring you for a period of time to assess long-term effects of the treatment.
For more information on clinical trials please visit the website: https://www.fda.gov/ForPatients/ClinicalTrials/default.htm
Visionary science for life changing cures.Prior James Scholar, University of Illinois.
Prior Pediatrics and cardiology, Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. Terence Flotte
Dean of the School of Medicine, provost & executive deputy chancellor, University of Massachusetts Medical School.
Prior Nemours Eminent Scholar, Chair, Department of Pediatrics, Louisiana State University Medical Center.
Prior Pediatrics School of Medicine Fellowship, Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. William Hauswirth
Dr. Nicholas Muzyczka
First patent involving non-genes inserted into AAV, Johns Hopkins University.
Prior member, Recombinant Advisory Committee (RAC), Food and Drug Administration.
Ophthalmology Scientific Advisory Board
Chief Scientific and Executive Officer and Director of the Rose-Silverthorne Retinal Degenerations Laboratory, Retina Foundation of the Southwest
Adjunct Professor of Ophthalmology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical School
Director of Electrophysiology, University of Texas Southwestern Medical School
Center Coordinator, Foundation Fighting Blindness Southwest Regional Center
Timothy Stout, MD, Ph.D.
Director of the Cullen Eye Institute, Baylor University College of Medicine
Professor and Chair of Ophthalmology, Baylor University College of Medicine
Chairman of the Ophthalmology SAB, AGTC
Eccles Professor of Ophthalmology and Neuroscience, Wilmer Eye Institute, Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine
Karl Csaky, M.D., Ph.D.
Boone Pickens Senior Scientist and Director of the Harrington Molecular Ophthalmology Laboratory, Retina Foundation of the Southwest
Stephen Daiger, Ph.D.
Matney Professor of Environmental and Sciences, School of Public Health, University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston
Director, Laboratory for Molecular Diagnosis of Inherited Eye Diseases
Vice Chair, Scientific Advisory Board and Chair, Genetics Committee, Foundation Fighting Blindness
Gregory Hageman, Ph.D.
John Moran Presidential Professor of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, University of Utah
Executive Director, Moran Eye Center for Translational Medicine, University of Utah
William Hauswirth, Ph.D.
Paul Kaufman, M.D.
Past President, International Society for Eye Research
Robert Molday, Ph.D.
Director, Centre for Macular Research\
Canada Research Chair in Vision and Macular Degeneration, Fellow Royal Society of Canada
David Saperstein, M.D.
Scientific Director, Usher Initiative
Co-founder and Medical Director, Retinagenix
Richard Weleber, M.D.
Professor of Ophthalmology and Molecular & Medical Genetics, Oregon Health and Sciences University
Director, Oregon Retinal Degeneration Center, Oregon Health and Sciences University
Director, Visual Diagnostic Function Service, Oregon Health and Sciences University
Oliver Adunka, M.D.
Professor and Director, Otology, Neurotology, and Cranial Base Surgery, The Ohio State University.
Director, Pediatric Otology at Nationwide Children’s Hospital.
Prior Associate Professor, University of North Carolina.
Karen Avraham, Ph.D
Vice Dean, Sackler Faculty of Medicine, Tel Aviv University.
Council Member, European Molecular Biology Organization.
Wade Chien, M.D.
Assistant Professor, Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery, Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.
Staff Clinician, National Institute on Deafness and other Communication Disorders
Samuel Gubbels, M.D.
Prior Assistant Professor, Otolaryngology University of Arizona
Jeffrey Holt, Ph.D.
Professor of Otology and Neurology, Boston Children’s Hospital
Director of Research, Otolaryngology, Boston Children's Hospital
Visionary science for life changing cures.About
Board of Directors
Programs and Pipeline
Welcome Patients
Board of Directors
Programs and Pipeline
Welcome Patients
Welcome Patients
Visionary science for life changing cures.
Join our team
Board of Directors
Open Positions
Ethics and Compliance
Caregiver
