offers innovative cost-efficient coating and solutions for a wide variety of applications and industries. worldwide network of research and development resources assures the latest technology for customized solutions.
can resolve most of your material surface-related issues and problems, whatever your field of research or business may be.
Our Clean Room manufacturing facilities and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) assure consistent high quality.
We can rapidly tailor membranes to meet the exacting demands of your biomedical and industrial filtration processes and develop coatings to enhance substrate slip/lubricity, bonding and tissue interaction.
World Class Quality
supplier to many well-known medical device companies with products in use for over 20 years. strict quality assurance program ensures consistent high performance of our products.
Best-in-Class Capabilities
With a strong focus on R&D, we stand ready to undertake rapid development and prototyping. Our large production facilities provide short turnaround time for most projects.
Legacy of Expertise
Our 30+ years of industry expertise, along with a history of collaborative research with major non-profit Research Institutions around the globe, has made us a go-to entity when seeking innovative solutions.
If you have questions or need more informationPresident & Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Conover, a founder of Technology Inc., has been the company’s President and since 1996. During this time, his leadership and scientific research have led to the development of novel nanocoatings and solutions for a wide variety of applications and industries. He has over 14 research publications under his name and is the co-inventor of 4 issued patents. He has also been instrumental in establishing collaborative R&programs in the areas of Water Reclamation, Bioenergy, Environmental Separation and Medical Technology with major research institutions in the USA, Europe and Asia.
Dr Ashok Sharma
Chief Technical Officer
Dr. Sharma received his Phfrom the University of Missouri in Polymer Chemistry. His ground-breaking work in plasma polymerization, metal coatings and Parylene deposition have led to over 70 research publications, many patents and development of scientific concepts such as the Atomic Interfacial Mixing (AIM), Molecular Mobility and Re-Orientation on Surfaces. His research has resulted in new applications for ultra-thin coatings and membranes in biomedical and industrial engineering. He has worked with several multinationals and has been associated with for over 20 years.
Director of Engineering and Operations
Mr. Benson has over 30 years of engineering experience working in the medical, semiconductor, and aerospace industries. He holds an engineering degree from the University of Minnesota. He has been associated with for the past 3+ years as head of their Engineering and Operations division.
Head of Sales & Marketing
As the head of Medical Engineering Resources, LLC, Mr. Maloney has over 30 years of Technical Sales and Engineering Consulting experience in the medical device industry. Tom has represented since 1994, which has resulted in a long and fruitful association between the two companies. He has an excellent reputation in the industry and brings familiarity with AMT’s core to head our Sales and Marketing operations.