3Printing Solutions by market leading product portfolio
Our innovative products for highly durable batteries
R&D, business, industrial or supporting functions: there are more than 200 professions at Philanthropy
Philanthropy: boosts its actions targeting the young
invests in the company Energy to ramp up the development of lithium-sulfur batteries
pioneer in the 3Printing industry sthe late 90’s, and building on its flagship brands including N3xtDimension® curable resins, Rilsan® biosourced polyamide 11, and ultra-high performance Kepstan® polymer, has launched the ‘3Printing Solutions by Arkema’ platform, aimed at developing the market through end-user engagement and application expertise.
At Asia, will showcase its comprehensive advanced materials portfolio and latest innovative solutions for each of the major 3Printing technologies: liquid resins for curing, thermoplastic powders for powder bed fusion, and thermoplastic pellets for filament extrusion.
is the most important professional event dedicated to eyewear at an international level. From February 24 to 26, companies, buyers, journalists, and the industry leading trendsetters will again be at to meet, do business, and be inspired by a magical, engaging atmosphere. We will be showcasing our Rilsan® Clear polyamide product range for use in eyewear frames.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
Human resourcesdesigner of materials and innovative solutions, shapes materials and creates new uses that accelerate customer performance in lightweight and design materials, biosourced materials, new energies, water management, solutions for electronics, and the performance and home insulation.
global manufacturer in specialty chemicals and advanced materials, with 3 business segments – High Performance Materials, Industrial Specialties, and Coating Solutions  – and globally recognized brands, the Group reports annual sales of 8.3 billion euros. Buoyed by the collective energy of its 19,800 employees, operates in close to 55 countries.
These platforms shape the Group's R&to address the major global trends today and in the future.
"culture of innovation, closeness to customers and a willingness to continually adapt to a changing world are part of Arkema's DNA."
Leading market positions on most of its activity
great capacity for innovation focused on sustainable development and the protection of the environment
Worldwide geographical coverage, evenly balanced between North America, Europe and Asia
World no. 1 to no. 3 on 90% of the portfolio
Going where the growth is
"In the beginning, was based mainly in Europe and the United States. Our external growth strategy has helped us balance the Group's presence across the globe. We have enhanced our foothold in Asia, close to high-growth markets."
The group was created in October 2004, following the reorganization of Total’s Chemicals branch. Thanks to innovation, targeted acquisitions and investments in emerging countries, it has become a recognized world player in the field of specialty chemicals.
to launch a 3Printing Center of Excellence, located at its Sartomer Exton facility (US). that will house most based technologies. and will develop cutting-edge 3printing resins for applications such as dental, sports and electronics. Sartomer, a Business Line of Arkema, is a pioneer in designing engineered resins for UV-curable additive manufacturing.
2 years after the Company’s creation, the adventure continues with Arkema’s listing on the Paris stock market.
The Group begins its development with the acquisition of Coatex, a world producer of rheology additives used in paints and coatings, packaging and paper.
Year after year, continues to expand. Following its acquisition of the acrylic monomers and emulsions business from Dow Chemical Company in North America, the Group bolsters its positions in the acrylics market (paints and coatings, automotive and transport).
The Group acquires the Sartomer and Cray Valley specialty resins activities (paints and coatings) from the Total group. These acquisitions provide with new growth drivers in Asia.
boosts its presence in Asia and intensifies its R&efforts in China.
lays the foundation stone of a new Research and Development center on its Changshu site near Shanghai.
New major development opportunity with the acquisition of Chinese companies Casda Biomaterials, the world’s leading producer of sebasic acid, and Hipro Polymers, producer of specialty polyamides 10 (plant-based chemistry).
spurs renewed momentum by refocusing on specialty chemicals and divests its vinyl business segment.
The Group takes on a new visual identity and a new signature, Innovative Chemistry, which reflects its new positioning.
launches into the development of cutting edge technologies for the nautical sector. human and technological adventure begins with the sponsorship of the Arkema-Région Aquitaine Multi50 trimaran and Team Lalou Multi.
bolsters its positions in the Asian market with the creation of Sunke in partnership with Jurong Chemical, acrylic acid leader in China.
reaffirms its expertise in thiochemicals (sulfur derivatives) technologies with the commissioning of the Kerteh plant in Malaysia. The site produces (dimethyl disulfide) and methyl mercaptan (used as a synthesis intermediate in animal feed).
The Group takes a new major step forward in its development with the acquisition of Bostik, the world’s n°3 in specialty adhesives.
To assist with its customers’ growth, CECA, an subsidiary, announces a project to double specialty molecular sieve capacity at its Honfleur site in France, i.e. some 60 million euro capital expenditure.
celebrates its #10Years! Tenth years after being publicly listed, has become an innovative, agile, global chemical producer with a regionally balanced portfolio, providing specialty chemicals and advanced materials.
In order to bolster its position as a world player in sulfur derivatives, plans to double production capacity for methyl mercaptan, a sulfur intermediate that is key in the animal feed, refining and petrochemicals markets, at its Kerteh plant in Malaysia.
announces a major investment of 300 million euros to build, in Asia, a plant dedicated to Rilsan® biosourced polyamide 11 for use as a substitute for metal in demanding and fast-growing applications in electronics, 3printing and automotive. This plant will come on stream in 2021.
Bostik (subsidiary) acquires Brands, a leading company for soft flooring adhesives in the United States. With this latest acquisition, the Group actively pursues its development strategy in specialties.
and Hexcel join forces in thermoplastic composite solutions for aerospace. With the expertise of Hexcel in carbon fiber and that of in PEKK, the two companies will develop carbon fiber-reinforced thermoplastic tapes to produce lightweight parts for future generations of aircraft.
becomes National Supporter of the Women’s World Cup France 2019™! With this agreement, supports women’s engagement in football, and enhances the status of women both in sport and at work.
Bostik steps up its development in adhesives in Japan. The Bostik-Nitta joint-venture announced the acquisition the industrial adhesives of Nitta-Gelatin Inc., and the construction of a new adhesives plant in Japan. Bostik will be able to supply its Japanese customers in the buoyant nonwoven markets for hygiene applications and in the packaging, labelling, transportation and electronics industrial markets.
to launch a 3Printing Center of Excellence, located at its Sartomer Exton facility (US). that will house most based technologies. and will develop cutting-edge 3printing resins for applications such as dental, sports and electronics. Sartomer, a Business Line of Arkema, is a pioneer in designing engineered resins for UV-curable additive manufacturing.
2 years after the Company’s creation, the adventure continues with Arkema’s listing on the Paris stock market.
Ultra high performance thermoplastics 
Thermoplastic composites
Carbon nanotubes and copolymers 
invests in the company Energy to ramp up the development of lithium-sulfur batteries
Our products for improving water quality
Membrane technology for new wastewater treatment methods
One of Arkema's & priorities is to develop efficient and cost-effective water filtration processes to meet the growing demand for drinking water and to help respond to UN's sustainable developement goals (6) 
"Ensure availability and sustainable management of water and sanitation for all"
Given the increase in the world's population (by 2050 it is expected to exceed 9 billion people), the increase of the regions with water stress and the many competing needs for water (domestic uses, agriculture, industry), 
increasing volumes of water will need to be treated.
And bearing in mind the present and future difficulties with 
 (60% of people may not have access to it), effective management of this resource is as crucial as that of oil. The challenge is to develop efficient and optimized processes 
to remove pollutants, bacteria and viruses.
In addition to its R&commitment, was the main sponsor of the 
"Take action to support universal access to clean drinking water"
. In the face of the global issue of water quality, the Group decided to support this fledgling and lent it its support by supplying water filter cartridges.
Following this mission, in 2018 is supporting a new NGO, No-Thirst Initiative, for a mission in Nepal (from october to december 2018) and will 
distribute 300 water filtration kits to people
 living in remote areas of the country, North East of Katmandou.
Over the last decade, significant advances have been made for the production of drinking water using the 
: water is fed under pressure through thousands of tubular modules containing hollow and porous long fibers, usually made of PVDF, a very tough polymer. With pores of around 0.1 to 1 micron diameter, these fibers retain suspended particles and impurities including bacteria.
High energy consumption (the water is conveyed under pressure).
High cost of treatment and maintenance.
Building on its know-how in nanomaterials, Arkema’s R&has developed a new 
, has designed a new generation of ultrafiltration membranes that are more
has wide-ranging expertise in the synthesis of block copolymers, or controlled radical polymerization, known as the Blocbuilder
 grade used for ultrafiltration membranes benefits from this unique technology: it allows a perfectly controlled architecture of the PVDF’s various molecules on a nanometric scale, combining within the same chain:
 "attracts" the water, which has the effect of increasing the flow rate of the membrane. As a result, the filtered water flow improves by 20% for the same energy consumption.
 ultrafiltration membranes also benefit from:
Greater mechanical strength (the lifetime of the membranes thus increasing from 5 to 10 years).
Smaller pore size allowing the filtration of ultra-fine particles, in particular bacteria and viruses.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
CSR, at the core of our strategy
Supporter of the Sustainable Development Goals
Innovation and sustainable solutions
Philanthropy: boosts its actions targeting the young
has an active participation in the actions of the MMAtwo consortium
strategy driven by the ambition to be among the best
CSR, at the core of our strategy
Supporter of the Sustainable Development Goals
In a world facing considerable ongoing economic, environmental and social challenges, strives to bring its customers 
sustainable and innovative solutions contributing to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations
. To that end, operates as a responsible manufacturer and resolutely observes a policy of continuous progress and operational excellence. The Group cultivates interaction and close relations with its stakeholders through open and constructive dialogue. Supporting the United Nations Global Compact and complying with the Responsible Care
 initiative, Arkema’s social responsibility target is to create value both for stakeholders and the company.
 and the upgrade of its product range.
Through continuous skills development, decisions on research focuses, its organization structure and innovation processes, is working, with its partners, to develop solutions that meet current and future social challenges. The Group is committed to ongoing dialogue and operational excellence, designed primarily to satisfy its customers and partners and to develop their loyalty.
Arkema’s goal is to rank among the leading chemical and material producers in safety performance. 
 is based on risk prevention, management guidelines and a culture of safety
 that neither people's health or safety nor the environment are impacted by its products. The Group considers these aspects in the product design phase.
is committed to the 
climate and a reduction in the environmental footprint
 of its business activities. The Group is working to reduce the consumption of resources such as energy and water, decrease the emissions stemming from its activity, develop the use of renewable resources, and foster the circular economy.
The Group places great importance on conducting its business in 
respect of principles and rules on ethics, integrity and compliance
. thereby complies with prevailing laws and regulations and the best business practices. In its choice of industrial and business partners, favors those that respect its social commitments.
Open dialogue with its internal and external stakeholders
The Group adheres to Human Rights and fundamental freedoms and places them at the heart of its business activities.
individual and collective development of its employees
. Arkema’s global human resource policy places a key focus on the development of skills and the promotion of diversity.
strives for open dialogue with its 
customers, suppliers and partners
 with a view to building a responsible value chain that creates shared value.
initiative addressing the neighboring communities of our sites serves to develop lasting relationships based on trust and openness.
"Our strategic position as a central player in the industry, dedicated to serving our customers, creates an obligation for us to set an example of excellence in environmental awareness, safety and sustainability in chemical production."
To establish that its and sustainability processes are on track, surveyed its stakeholders in 2016 through a 
. It confirmed the Group's priorities match the expectations of the internal and external stakeholders surveyed.
Total recordable injury rate (TRIR)
in the last three years
Number of patent applications field during the year relating to sustainable develpment
Percentage of sales frome products made from renewable raw materials
Percentage of women in senior management and executive positions
Percentage of non-French nationals in senior management and executive positions
Percentage of plants taking part in the Common Ground
(1) To track our environmental performance accurately, we have set targets based on Environmental Footprint Performance Indicators (EFPIs) that consider changes in Arkema's reporting base and the production of our plants.
"Arkema's ambition concerning is based on strong commitments consistent with its environment's evolution. It is through the respect of those commitments that ensure a sustainable and responsible growth of its activities."
 program, the group showed its vision of a responsible corporation by the signature of the Responsible Care
 Global Charter in 2006 and has renewed it in December 2014.
The initiative launched under the auspices of the 
 gathers the chemicals industries engaged in safety improvement, health and environment protection. They ensure it by a 
ten principles of the United Nations Global Compact
Sustainable Development Division reports directly to the Group Industry Vice President, member of the Executive Committee (‘ExCo’).
steering committee, chaired by the Industry Vice President and which includes the Human Resources and Communication Vice President as well as various functional directors, proposes action plans and oversees globally actions conducted as part of policy.
The group ambition and 2025 safety and environment performance objectives were defined by the ExCo on a basis of steering committee works.
Audit and Accounts Committee ensure the conformity of the group’s approach to extra-financial regulatory requirements.
All indicators featured in the Arkema’s reference document are subject to moderate assurance provided by and independent third party body.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
Innovation at the heart of the change
L'atelier 4.20 by Visit L'atelier 4.20 by The Executive Committee
Under the chairmanship of Thierry Le Hénaff, the Executive committee is comprised of two Executive Vice Presidents in charge of the Group’s activities and four Executive Vice Presidents/Vice Presidents with functional responsibilities.
Thierry Le Hénaff, who is Chairman of the Board of Directors, also holds the position of Chief Executive Officer. At his side, he has established an Executive Committee whose mission is to ensure the 
The Executive Committee is a decision-making body that focuses on strategic matters and performance monitoring. He reviews major issues regarding organization and large projects. It meets twice a month in principle.
 the Executive Committee is comprised of: 
, Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Communication
			          		Three Executive Vice Presidents in charge of the Group’s activities
, Executive Vice President, Coating solutions and Industrial Specialties business segments
Thierry Le Hénaff, born in 1963, holds degrees from 
 and a Master’s degree in Industrial Engineering and Engineering Management from 
 in the United States. He is a Chevalier de l’Ordre National du Mérite
He has been a member of the Board of 
After starting his career with Peat Marwick Consultants, he joined Bostik, Total’s Adhesives Division, in 1992, where he held a number of operational positions in France and worldwide.
In July 2001, he was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bostik Findley, the new entity resulting from the merger of Total’s and Elf Atochem’s Adhesives divisions.
On January 2003, he joined Total Chemicals’ Executive Committee and then Total’s Management Committee in 2004.
 He has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of sthe initial public offering of the company in 2006. The Group is listed on the French Stock Exchange in Paris.
Luc Benoit-Cattin, born in 1963, is a graduate of France's 
Between 1988 and 1995 he held a number of positions in administration at the French Ministry for Economy, Finance and Industry.
From 1995 to 1997 he was Technical Adviser to the Minister of Industry. In 1997 he joined the Pechiney Group as Plant Manager and later became Head of a business unit for rolling and aluminum.
In 2002 he joined Veritas, where he was successively Director of Resources and Operating Performance, Director of Offshore, and, from 2009 to mid-2011, was Managing Director of Geophysical Services and a member of the Executive Committee.
As Executive Vice President Industry, Mr Luc Benoit-Cattin oversees safety, environnement, sustainable development, quality, technology & construction, process, logistics, and goods and services purchasing.
École Nationale Supérieure des Pétroles et Moteurs
He has spent his career working in the chemicals industry in operational positions, starting out in a factory then moving to Elf Atochem’s head office (Finance & Strategy) from 1992 until 1998.
In 1998, he joined Elf Atochem’s Adhesives affiliate as Executive Vice President.
He was appointed Atofina’s Director of Acquisitions and Divestitures in 2000, then Director of Economy, Planning and Strategy, Acquisitions and Divestitures at the end of 2003.
Mr. Bernard Boyer is Executive Vice President in charge of Strategy. He oversees planning, economic studies, acquisitions/divestitures, internal audit, insurance, and risk management.
Michel Delaborde, born in 1956, holds a degree in economics from the Université de Paris, Sorbonne.
In 1980 he joined Total, where he was in charge of Human Resources in both the head office and refineries.
After two years as Head of the Human Resources Department in the Trading & Middle-East head office, he was in charge of communication for Total in 1996, serving as Director of Communications first for TotalFina, then for TotalFinaElf after the merger in 1999.
In 2002 he joined Atofina as Director of Human Resources and Communication and was appointed to Atofina’s Executive Committee.
Mr Michel Delaborde is Executive Vice President in charge of human resources and communication.
Born in 1971, Marie-José Donsion is a graduate of France’s École supérieure de commerce de Paris (Europe).
Until 2018, she was Senior Vice-President Finance of Alstom and a member of its Executive Committee. Prior to this, she held a number of operational financial positions in Alstom’s subsidiaries in France and around the world. Before joining Alstom, Marie-José Donsion began her career at Coopers & Lybrand where she worked in the audit division between 1994 and 1997.
Marie-José Donsion is currently Chief Financial Officer of s1st June 2018.
Christophe André, 46 years old, is a graduate engineer of Ecole Nationale Supérieure de Télécommunication and of ESSEC, and holds an from the European Institute of Business Administration (INSEAD).
After several postings in Telecommunications, in 2001 he joined specialty chemicals manufacturer Rohm & Haas to oversee the European-wide development of the Monomers division before managing the Adhesives and Packaging division.
In 2008 he joined ArjoWiggins, the world leading manufacturer of technical and creative papers, to head up ArjoWiggins Graphic, one of the company’s five divisions.
In 2012 he joined the Group as Managing Director of the Thiochemicals business line.
Vincent Legros, 43 years old, graduated from Ecole Polytechnique and from Ponts et Chaussées, and holds a postgraduate diploma (DEA) in production and corporate organization.
In 1998 he joined the Saint-Gobain group as production engineer at the Pont-à-Mousson plant (1998 – 2000), before becoming manager of the Toul plant (2000 – 2002), followed by deputy manager of the Pont-à-Mousson plant (2000 – 2004), and managing director of the fittings and valves business (2004 – 2006).
He was appointed managing director of operations for Saint-Gobain Pont-à-Mousson in 2006. From 2009 to 2013 he held the post of managing director of Saint-Gobain Pont-à-Mousson China. S2013 he had been managing director of Saint-Gobain Pont-à-Mousson and manager of the group’s pipe business.
			          		Executive Vice President, Coating solutions and Industrial Specialties business segments.
Marc Schuller, born in 1960, is a graduate of the 
École Supérieure des Sciences Économiques et Commerciales
He joined Orkem in 1985 as acrylics product manager.
In 1990 he joined the Strategy Segment of Total Chimie and in 1992 he became Deputy Managing Director of the Structural Resins department at Cray Valley.
In 1995, he was appointed Sales Director — Petrochemicals/Special Fluids at Total, and later Director, Base Petrochemicals at TotalFina.
In 2000, Mr. Schuller was appointed Director of Atofina’s Butadiene/Aromatics BU, and special project manager for the Chairman. In 2003, he became Director of the Thiochemicals and Fine Chemicals BU.
Mr Marc Schuller is Executive Vice President in charge of the Coating Solutions and Industrial Specialties business segments. He also oversees Raw Materials and Energy Procurement.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
Human resourcesencourages employees' mobility throughout their career.
Mobility can be professional (changing role, profession, moving to a position of higher responsibility) or geographic (moving to a new location, region, or country). In both cases, the employee's mobility is assisted by a career manager.
Enhancing the value of our expertise vocations, as well as those of management, is one of the cornerstones of our policy. That is why we have developed specific talent management principles for the Group's experts.
In light of our growth in Asia, we created the role of Talent Manager in 2015, on the model of what has already been in place in the United States and Europe for several years. The idea is to grow the talent in each country where we operate by offering positions of responsibility, locally as well as internationally.
You are moving to a new job: what kind of special assistance can you expect?
If necessary, either your direct manager or your career manager will propose training sessions to help you develop the skills you need to succeed in your new position.
If you have moved to a new location, the manager of the new site will attend to your reception and review your progress with you six months following your arrival.
For this, in 2015 the Human Resources department devised a development tool based on the principles of self-assessment and regular interviews. This helps to formalize development plans based on training initiatives or career steps, in order to enhance and add to the employee's skills.
"Carrefour 35": a career review at 35!
The "Carrefour 35" program is aimed at preparing the next phase of your career and helping you to envisage the mid-term future of your career path.
The program comes at a time when, presumably, you find yourself choosing in which direction to take your career: moving into management or developing a field of expertise, working abroad, or even changing your profession. And so, in the meeting, all the professions and vocations in the company will be presented to you, and the options available within will be explained to you.
 (American Depositary Receipt) program exists also in the US.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
As part of its corporate governance approach, has decided to refer to the Corporate Governance Code for AFEP-French listed companies.
 In accordance with the provisions of the internal regulations of the Board of Directors, the Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance committee issues recommendations or propositions concerning the compensation of the Company’s directors.
The structure of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer's annual compensation consists of:
a variable part of up to 150% of the annual fixed compensation based on achieving a number of specific quantitative and qualitative targets which essentially concern the implementation of the Group’s strategy, and
the award of performance shares entirely subject to the fulfilment of performance conditions.
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on 21 February 2018 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on 27 February 2017 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on 2 March 2016 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on 4 March 2015 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on March 3
, 2014 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on February 27
, 2013 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on March 7
, 2012 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on March 1
, 2011 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on May 10
, 2010 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
			Decisions of the Board of Directors meeting on March 3
, 2010 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 March 2009 regarding the compensation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
put in place performance shares and stock option plans for its employees in order to involve them closely in the Group’s future growth as well as its stock market performance.
In accordance with the stock-based compensation policy decided by the Board of Directors in 2013,
 November 2017 regarding the award of performance shares
 November 2015 regarding the award of performance shares
 November 2014 regarding the award of performance shares
 May 2012 regarding the award of performance shares
 May 2011 on the award of stock options and performance shares
 May 2009 on the award of stock options and performance shares
			Additional information on performance share plans 2013 - 2014 - 2015
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
The Board of Directors consists of thirteen members, nine of whom being considered as independent under the criteria set by the internal regulations of the Board of Directors and by the AFEP-Code.
The directors shall serve for a term of office of four years.
The Board of Directors is chaired by Thierry Le Hénaff, Chairman and CEO.
The Board of Directors determines the strategic guidelines governing the Group’s activity and oversees their application.
takes decisions regarding major transactions,
monitors the quality of information supplied to shareholders and the markets,
ensures the quality of the Board of Directors’ operations.
Some subjects are submitted for prior review to one of the two specialized Committees before being presented to the Board of Directors for approval such as:
the review of financial statements, the examination of internal control procedures, the activities of internal and external audit, as well as financial transactions by the Audit and Accounts committee,
the composition of the Board of Directors, the compensation policy, the employee share ownership schemes, and corporate governance principles by the Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance committee.
Finally, the Board holds an annual seminar dedicated to the Group's strategy and the follow-up of the main operational priorities.
The Board of Directors has set up two permanent specialized Committees: an Audit and Accounts Committee and a Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee.
review consolidated accounts and financial statements prior to their consideration by the Board,
assess the suitability and consistency of accounting principles and policies,
submit recommendations on the appointment of the statutory auditors.
The Audit and Accounts Committee met six times in 2016.
The attendance rate for Committee members at these meetings was 100%.
The Committee reports to the Board of Directors on its work and assesses annually the way it operates.
The Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee
The Committee’s main roles are the following:
assist the Board of Directors in appointing the corporate officers and directors,
submit to the Board of Directors recommendations on the composition of the Board and its committees,
submit proposals in the areas of compensation, pension schemes and contingency funds, and allocation of options to subscribe or purchase shares,
review the compensation of Executive committee members and corporate officers,
submit recommendations on corporate governance best practices.
The Nominating, Compensation and Corporate Governance Committee met three times in 2016.
The attendance rate at these meetings was 100%.
It reports to the Board of Directors on its work and submits an annual assessment of its functioning.
Are you searching for technical information? Do you need a quote? Are you looking for information on a specific event?In tune with the times, conducted its first materiality analysis in 2016. This mapping of issues and challenges has a dual purpose: to establish to what extent the Group's policy fulfils the expectations of its stakeholders, and to identify areas where progress can be made from an environmental, social and economic angle.
preparatory phase, when the mapping of Arkema’s (internal and external) stakeholders was drawn up alongside a list of the "most material" topics (namely how important they are for both and its stakeholders).
The findings from this analysis were compiled into a matrix. This indicates the importance given to the topics by on one axis and by its external stakeholders on the other axis. Each convergence point indicates the level of common prioritization of the topics.
Enhance dialog with its stakeholders and involve them in the Group’s global initiative
Validate the relevance of initiatives already underway
"The map shows us where to focus our efforts, while making sure that the overall policy is coherent."
Following the consultation phase involving Arkema’s main stakeholders, priority issues were either reaffirmed or newly identified, as follows:
Environment: management of resources (energy and water)
Innovation: sustainable solutions, product stewardship, and accountability
Social: diversity and equal opportunities, training and individual development
These priority issues, as guarantors of sustainable and responsible growth, confirm the commitments under Arkema's policy, while establishing a very open dialog with its stakeholders.
Three representatives from our stakeholders have given us their testimonies of their perception of this initiative and of Arkema's strategy. Check them out below.
"see as a company striving to meet the major challenges of the future by constantly innovating in high-performance materials. Its portfolio includes a number of solutions for manufacturing lighter-weight cars and planes, more robust and recyclable wind turbine blades, more efficient batteries and solar panels and more effective water filtration systems. It has also long been committed to developing bio-based materials, which help sustainably curtail carbon emissions."
"With this assessment, is showing it has a mature corporate social responsibility process. The post-COP21 signing of the Paris Agreement constituted global recognition of the crucial challenge of curbing greenhouse gas emissions, and has mobilized businesses. urge to join the Science Based Targets initiative, which offers companies a way to ensure their targets are compatible with keeping global warming within 2°The next big challenge is managing water sustainably, a ticking time bomb."
"In Asia, especially China, Arkema's stakeholders have high and sustainability expectations. The people and companies we deal with genuinely want and appreciate strong positions on the environment, health, safety, and employee insurance and benefits, as well as openness to the wider world. Arkema’s and sustainability process also helps suppliers, customers, partners and others connected with our business make lasting progress."
CSR, at the core of our strategy
Supporter of the Sustainable Development Goals
Innovation and sustainable solutions
fully committed to the United Nations’ 2030 agenda
As a supporter of the United Nations Global Compact, has committed to the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, a plan of action for people, planet and prosperity. 
The UN’s 17 sustainable development goals (SDGs) support the choices we made in 2012 when we introduced our own corporate social responsibility policy. Here we take a closer look at nine strategic contributions.
our six innovation platforms
: here, the goal is to increase our positive impacts, for example by providing materials to develop new energies.
Other strategic contributions include our safety, environmental footprint and diversity commitments: here, we strive to reduce our negative impacts, notably by decreasing our production facilities’ carbon emissions.
fully supports the chemical industry’s voluntary 
 and considers safety and health to be core priorities. We have made them a cornerstone of our policy. We take active measures to 
, including peer observation, ergonomic workstations, and safety briefings at the start of tasks and meetings.
 per million hours worked* (TRIR) s2012. Today, at 1.6, our is one of the lowest in the chemical industry.
*By and contractor employees working at our sites.
 in the male-dominated chemical industry, we have set a target to increase the percentage of women in senior management positions from the current 19% to 23%-25% by 2025.
number of initiatives have been introduced to support this goal, including a mentoring program to promote the advancement of women to higher and senior management positions. Participants are assigned a male or female senior-manager mentor, with whom they may freely discuss their career path trajectory.
Water treatment is one of Arkema’s innovation priorities. Our R&has developed a Kynar
 fluoropolymer grade and partnered with Polymem on 
a new generation of more efficient and durable ultra-filtration membranes
 to produce drinking water. The filters treat 20% more water using the same amount of energy.
In 2016, committed to promoting universal access to drinking water, became the primary sponsor of Sail for Water, a non-profit that organized a round-the-world sailing trip to distribute water filters based on our new technology. During the circumnavigation, the crew distributed 1,000 filters, enough to produce drinking water for 30,000 people.
Closer to home, our Optim’program aims to reduce chemical oxygen demand (COD) in our production sites’ wastewater by 40% by 2025.
Our materials support the transition to renewable energies. Kynar
 fluoropolymers and carbon nanotubes 
lengthen the life of lithium-ion batteries
 and enhance their performance. We’re also developing Elium
 thermoplastic resin to produce 
 made of fully recyclable thermoplastic composite. Lastly, several innovative technologies are being combined to 
 and durable. For example, our transparent, ultra-resistant Evatane
 resins are used to assemble the panel’s different components, while Kynar
 polymer films provide long-lasting panel-back protection.
Our global Arkenergy program aims to reduce the Group’s net energy purchases by 15% by 2025.
. Our nanostructured polymers support miniaturization, while our electroactive Piezotech
 polymers, which change shape when stimulated by an electrical current, pave the way for functionalized, connected objects and numerous medical applications. These include blood pressure sensors and surgical guides precise to within one millimeter.
At the Smart House, a connected, automated test home at the Bostik Smart Technology Centre in Venette, France, we study the challenges of tomorrow’s housing, collecting and analyzing data on environmental footprint, energy autonomy and efficiency, comfort and health.
manufactures a wide range of 
high-performance bio-based polyamides
) from castor oil for 70 years. We also make it easier to 
 protective coatings, for instance, strengthen returnable glass bottles and enhance their appearance, thereby doubling re-use from 25 to 50 cycles.
high-performance thermoplastic materials
 that can replace glass or metal in the automobile and aerospace industries. These materials reduce vehicle and airplane weight thereby reducing fuel consumption and carbon emissions.
We’ve also committed to shrinking our corporate environmental footprint by reducing our direct greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2025 (we reached the 48% mark in 2017).
To shrink our environmental footprint, we pledged 
to reduce volatile organic compound
 (VOC) emissions by 33% between 2012 and 2025. That target was achieved in 2017, with emissions down 34% in relation to 2012. This achievement demonstrates our commitment to limiting Arkema’s impact on wildlife and plants.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
Human resourcesCSR, at the core of our strategy
Our policy is built on a solid foundation and a commitment to sustainable growth, not just for us, but everyone in our value chain. Virginie Delcroix, Vice President Sustainable Development, explains.
How much have the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) set by the United Nations informed Arkema’s initiatives?
Virginie Delcroix – In 2012 we organized Arkema’s process around five facets of our business and strategy: safety, the environment, innovation, social development and dialogue with our stakeholders.
When the SDGs took effect in early 2016, we naturally connected our six innovation platforms to six of the 17 goals . Arkema’s innovation strategy was supported by the United Nations’ 2030 Agenda.
"Internally, the SDGs help us reach the entire corporate community and make it easier to spread a culture of corporate social responsibility."
Internally, the SDGs help us reach the entire corporate community and make it easier to spread a culture of corporate social responsibility. More broadly, the SDGs give stakeholders a common language, making it easier to communicate and consolidate contributions.
Stakeholder dialogue – especially along the value chain comprising our employees, suppliers and customers – is part of our . In 2017, we focused in particular on helping suppliers assess their performance. So far we’ve evaluated over 1,000 suppliers using Together for Sustainability (TfS), a chemical industry initiative to create a responsible supply chain. Based on the results, we have zeroed in on suppliers who need to show improvement. In addition, following on the materiality analysis conducted in 2016 , we’ve met with stakeholder representatives to present accomplishments and keep the conversations going.
What do you take away from the assessments of rating agencies?
Arkema’s good ratings  recognize both our efforts and those made with our partners. But let’s not confuse things: ratings aren’t an end to themselves. They are an excellent way to measure our progress and to pinpoint paths to improvement.
CSR, at the core of our strategy
Supporter of the Sustainable Development Goals
Innovation and sustainable solutions
vision about waste around the 3 R: reduce, recycle and reuse
The group promotes environment preservation in reducing its own quantity of produced waste. It supports products' reusing and recycles its own waste while contributing to easily recyclable products.
The group's objective is not only to reduce its overall wastes production, but also to recycle these wastes into materials and to recover their energy potential through their combustion.
Soda wastewaters of Mont's plant (France) from a monomer purification are, for instance, used as a secondary raw material by the papermaking industry. It serves to manufacture carton and kraft paper.
In addition of promoting its own waste recycling, the group develops products which are easily recyclable for example:
liquid resins replace thermoset resins epoxy type and are recyclable thanks to their thermoplastic properties
 is an additive for bitumen which enables the increase of the recycled aggregate rate from 10 to 15% in the road pavements 
 s20 years. It protects the roof from external aggressions without the use of maintenance products harmful for the environment.
 technologies which reinforce glass bottles protection and allow to increase the number of reusing cycles of returnable bottles.
The Group’s experts will be pleased to assist you with any inquiry you may have.
Select the topic you are interested in:
