High-performance solar panels, racking and software
The SolarClover™ is a modular, easy to install rooftop system for home owners, businesses and anyone looking for an attractive, easy to install solar system or for highly resilient, rapid deployment systems for challenging applications. 
We won a 2017 Innovation Award for our new polymer solar panel, which is 1/3 the weight of a standard glass solar panel while being significantly more rugged and resistant to damage than standard panels.
We implemented a rooftop solar system for San Jose, City Hall to magnify the City's commitment to clean with a lightweight, durable design enabled by DuPont™ Tefzel® ethylene tetrafluoroethylene (ETFE)-based frontsheets.
Back to TopAbout is a Silicon Valley solar startup that develops attractive, easy to install solar systems for consumers, the military and commercial microgrids, particularly in emerging markets. was one of the first solar companies to develop and commercialize a lightweight polymer solar panel using crystalline solar cells.  also developed an innovative rapid deployment racking system and site analysis software that enables anyone with a cell phone and a simple plastic device to instantly measure and analyze the potential of a customer site to produce solar energy.
With the help of some of Silicon Valley's finest sales strategists, product designers and materials and manufacturing experts, Mark founded to help deliver on the full promise of solar, by developing products that fit the needs of the industry's most demanding customers, in particular mainstream consumer rooftops and remote microgrids.
Prior to Armageddon, Mark helped launch pioneering commercial solar finance provider Tioga Energy.  He also founded EtherSea Communications, a centralized text and voice messaging service provider, and Networks, one of the earliest free file storage and sharing companies.
Early in his career, Mark had the great fortune of working in the Administration of President George Bush, serving in the White House Office of Cabinet Affairs, focusing on and security issues as a junior staffer, and at the Environmental Protection Agency, where he worked in the Administrator’s Office on special initiatives such as the launch of the Star program and cap and trade for acid rain reduction.  