We help innovators and entrepreneurs through every stage of starting and growing a business. We teach entrepreneurship to all, from students to community members.
Get started today to learn how we can help you.
working to take advantage of innovation and business opportunities that improve the region’s economy.
We empower people to explore, launch, and develop creative, timely products and businesses.
We are capitalizing on the exceptional research and ideas emerging at and throughout the region.
By using a variety of platforms, can deliver entrepreneurial assistance anywhere in New Mexico.
Subscribe to join innovators and entrepreneurs exploring products and building businesses!
Success!Kathy serves as Director of at New Mexico State University (NMSU) and of Center, Inc., a non-profit corporation created to support the mission of She leads Arrowhead’s efforts in entrepreneurship and innovation, focused on technology commercialization, student entrepreneurship, starting and growing businesses and creating public-private partnerships. She provides direction for programs, initiatives, strategies, goals, and performance in support of the organization’s mission; leads development of public-private partnerships for economic development; champions new business development opportunities; provides management oversight of programs, products, and services; and develops and monitors operational and programmatic budgets.
Kathy has been with for over 25 years in several positions, including Chief Operating Officer of Center; Deputy Director of the Aerospace and Autonomous Systems Laboratory at the Physical Science Laboratory, and Business Development Director at the Physical Science Laboratory. She has extensive experience in organizational management and strategy, development and management of programs with major commercial, federal and university partners; and proposal/new business development.
Hansen has served on the board and as an officer of several non-profit corporations, including the Science Education Alliance, Inc. She currently is a board member of the Innovation Fund GP, an early stage seed fund devoted to investing in innovation-based, scalable businesses. Hansen is also involved in the Borderplex Alliance, serving as co-chair of the Entrepreneurship Task Force.
Kathy can be reached at  hansen@ad.nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-4220.
Dana Catron is a program manager for the New Mexico Federal and State Technology Partnership (FAST) program, located at New Mexico State University’s Center. Through the program, she assists small businesses with SBIR/proposal preparation and management and organizes SBIR/workshops, webinars, and an online resource library. She also serves as a grant writer and Arrowhead’s northern liaison, working with clients and partners statewide. She earned her Bachelor’s degree in Animal Science from Washington State University, a Master’s degree in Rhetoric and Professional Communication from NMSU, and is currently working on a Ph.in Rhetoric and Professional Communication from NMSU.
Erika Dunn has earned both her Bachelor of Arts in English and Master of Arts in Education at She assists with educational programming at Center, including: Innoventure, Camp Innoventure, the Entrepreneurship Laboratory, and Studio She is also a middle school Language Arts teacher in the Albuquerque Public School district.
Resident Manager at the Genesis Paula Garcia is the resident manager at the Genesis Center. She holds down the fort and is an excellent friendly face for visitors to our buildings. She received her Associate degree in General Studies in 2011 from Dona Ana Community College, and is currently working on her Associate degree in Criminal Justice. Paula enjoys spending time with her family, and especially going to her granddaughter’s athletic events. As if she wasn’t already busy enough, Paula also actively volunteers in various Las Cruces community events, including TWEF, Toys for Tots, Gus Macker 3 on 3 basketball tournament and the Mariachi Mass.
Paula can be reached at  garcmari@nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-6120.
Dr. Lauren Goldstein serves as an Technical Writer and Research Analyst, focusing on grants, program development and support, and administration. She collaborates with colleagues from all branches of on these efforts.  Lauren taught a variety of creative-critical university courses for 12 years—as both a graduate student at Virginia Tech and and as a Visiting Assistant Professor at Creighton University—before she joined in 2016. Outside of work, she is driven by wanderlust and travels as much as possible with her partner. Lauren earned her in Creative Writing from Virginia Tech and her Phin Rhetoric and Professional Communication from NMSU.
Lauren can be reached at poet@ad.nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-6120.
Lydia Hammond serves at the Program Coordinator with the trio of Innoventure Programs. Innoventure Jr, Camp Innoventure, and Innoventure Core are the primary programs she works with. Lydia earned her Bachelor’s degree in Government from New Mexico State University and is currently completing her Master’s degree also in Government.
Lydia can be reached at lh@ad.nmsu.edu
Senior Graphic Designer and Visual Communications Leader
Peter Knapp is Center’s Senior Graphic Designer and Visual Communications Leader. He develops and implements brand identity strategies, website development, print layout, and design conceptualization. He earned his bachelor’s degree with an emphasis on Graphic Design from and has over ten years of experience. Mr. Knapp is an advocate for branding and identity and creating a mark that will give the final product an original look with creativity and sophistication.
Peter can be reached at pknapp@nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-1775.
Kristin Morehead manages the Innovation Network and the Ventures program, assisting with research, production and implementation of projects, partnerships and initiatives conducted through that support entrepreneurship.  She also oversees NMSU’s role in the New Mexico Small Business (NSMBA) Program, in partnership with Los Alamos and Sandia National Laboratories.  Kristin holds a Master’s in Anthropology, and is pursuing a Ph.in Educational Leadership and Administration from NMSU.
Kristin can be reached at kmorehea@nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-5575.
Zetdi Sloan serves as Director for Accelerator Programs, a suite of venture-backed accelerators in agtech, digital health, and high-tech. She is responsible for overall program operations, including the development and implementation of business support programs and industry ecosystems to help startups maximize growth and success. Zetdi also oversees the University for Regional Commercialization, which provides technical assistance and focuses on diversity and inclusion initiatives, and the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR)/ Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Proposal Development Assistance programs.
She is a current board member for the Coronado Ventures Forum, Community Action Agency of Southern New Mexico and the Las Cruces Chamber of Commerce Young Professionals.  Zetdi was recently invited to join the Startup Network Champions, a small national network of professional ecosystem builders. She earned a in Mass Communication and Journalism from NMSU, a Masters of International Business Certification from Université d’Angers, Angers, France and an from NMSU.
Zetdi can reached at  zrunyan@ad.nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-7833.
Wayne is a 1980 graduate of NMSU’s Industrial Engineering program, and a 1994 Ingeniero Imminente awardee. He has over 30 years of experience in semiconductor manufacturing, high purity gas and chemical production, economic development consulting, and construction management. Returning home to New Mexico in 2007, Wayne has served in a variety of capacities contributing to the successful startup of Spaceport America and the growing commercial space industry, having represented both the New Mexico Spaceport Authority and client/tenant interests.
Wayne chaired the Greater Las Cruces Chamber of Commerce Commercial Space Committee for four years and remains active in reaching out to the industry and others to attract new companies to our community.
Raised in Las Cruces, and married to his high school sweetheart, Wayne and Teresa (head of the Orchestra program at Camino Real Middle School) have four kids, a son-in-law, a daughter-in-law, and plans to see and camp in more of New Mexico’s great outdoors in the coming years.
Wayne can be reached at  waynes@ad.nmsu.edu or at (575) 646-2596.
Dr. Kramer Winingham serves as a Program Director for and is the Director of NMSU’s National Science Foundation I-Corps Site and Director of Studio – NMSU’s Student Business Accelerator. He holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration with specializations in Finance and Information Systems, and a Doctorate of Economic Development from His doctoral thesis “Economic Development through Technology Transfer” developed a novel approach to technology transfer incorporating design thinking – this approach is applied to commercializing technologies at the Center. He currently serves as CEO/President for two companies commercializing technologies. He also owns and operates a property management company.
Kramer can be reached at  jkramer@nmsu.edu or a (575) 646-7151.
Don't Be Shy. Get In Touch.
If you are interested in working together, send us an inquiry and we will get back to you as soon as we can!