Specializing in Vehicle Electronics
The patented asTech® remote diagnostic device is the leading tool for automotive repair shops that want to perform more efficient work and guarantee better results for customers. With the help of our staff of certified master technicians , identifying all of the issues that need repair on any vehicle is easier than ever. 
The price is good for dealership-level scans. have blown a whole lot more money on other scanners that I’ve never really even used. This tool is a whole lot cheaper and very practical financially.
The asTech® offers scans that identify any and all existing issues within the vehicle.
The asTech® offers scans that identify any and all existing issues with the vehicle. This allows shops to create a full repair plan and order all needed parts before the repair starts. 
With certified master technicians performing asTech® scans and making repair recommendations, your technicians can be confident that they are receiving expert advice.
The new Cloud-based app makes the asTech® even easier and more convenient to use.
An asTech® completion scan can minimize return visits from customers by confirming all work has been completed and trouble codes have been reset. 
asTech® moves data to a hybrid-cloud environment with Flexential to support massive 2019 forecasted growth.
Check out this video and discover what truely sets the apart.
Headquartered in Plano, TX, asTech® focuses on providing diagnostics to collision repair shops nationwide. Our service enables shops who may not have expert level electronics technicians to work on any vehicle, no matter how complex, and receive advice from a master technician. 
Our staff draws on real world experience along with asTech® training to pinpoint the exact cause of issues within a vehicle to recommend solutions and repairs that work. 
The price is good for dealership-level scans. have blown a whole lot more money on other scanners that I’ve never really even used. This tool is a whole lot cheaper and very practical financially.
The asTech® Remote Diagnostic Device is the tool of tomorrow. It allows us to complete our repairs in-house and more importantly, give us the peace of mind in knowing we have done the job right. Although we are in an area that does not service high-end vehicles locally, we have had success in educating our adjusters with this tool. Regardless of the price of the scan, we are able to order the parts needed in the teardown. Which, in turn, will eliminate the need to send it to the dealership at the end of the repair with the dash light on, only to find out we need a sensor.”
