Our industry experts will work with you to increase your productivity and improve your bottom line. 
Since 2005, our experts have provided papermaking newcomers and veterans alike with the training they need to achieve new heights of performance.
Right now, we're researching and developing new ways to lower costs, improve efficiencies and advance the paper industry. Take a look at our latest breakthroughs.
          is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper machine clothing like press fabrics, forming fabrics, dryer fabrics, and other advanced filtration fabrics to paper mills and pulp mills around the world.
        Paper is our first priority.
Papermakers deserve a true business partner, a partner who understands every aspect of their operations and has a stake in their bottom line. They deserve a partner with the tenacity to develop viable solutions for complex performance issues, a partner who can deliver value beyond merely supplying product. And, they deserve a partner who truly believes in the future success of their industry. is that partner.
We’re proud to be a preferred manufacturer of paper machine clothing, specialty fabrics and filaments for the worldwide paper industry. Across the globe, papermakers turn to us not only to supply their fabrics, but also to help them improve their productivity and achieve superior results. Turning our expertise into solutions for our customers—that’s what is all about.
Safety has long been one of the core values within the organization. In 2016, we launched a new safety initiative to enhance and communicate our culture of protection, accountability, commitment, and trust.
This initiative, dubbed the Zero Accident Culture (ZAC), is more than just regulation. is a global effort to create and maintain a safety culture for through ongoing dialogue and training that emphasizes safe practices in the workplace.
serves as a reminder of our shared vision for an environment where we all take pride and responsibility in caring for ourselves and for others.
will be recognized as a leading global supplier of innovative products and technical solutions. We will provide exceptional value by improving our customers’ operating results, living our core values and providing a fair return to our Stakeholders.
We expect excellence in all our endeavors. We foster the spirit of innovation and maintain the highest quality standards through responsible leadership. We continuously improve our processes to provide our customers and stakeholders with exceptional value to achieve their goals.
We perform our duties in a responsible, loyal, and ethical manner. We strive to create an environment of trust and honesty inside and outside our organization by treating everyone with respect and dignity.
We work in a flexible team environment with fairness, diversity, and open communication. Investing in people through development, recognition, and opportunities strengthens us.
We conduct business in a manner that promotes safety first. We expect personal accountability from all associates for their actions and results.
We protect and carefully manage the resources entrusted to us. We actively support our communities, and we are environmentally responsible. We pledge to practice these values each day because they are vital to the success of AstenJohnson.
              has announces a price increase of 3% for Paper Machine Clothing (PMC) fabrics supplied to North American customers effective November 1, 2018.
Suzhou Dryer - 1000 Safe Work Days!
          is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper machine clothing like press fabrics, forming fabrics, dryer fabrics, and other advanced filtration fabrics to paper mills and pulp mills around the world.
Thank you for visiting our web site and for your interest in our products and services. If you have any questions please feel free to contact us using the numbers or the form below. 
To find the facility closest to you, browse locations here: 
Since 2005, our experts have provided papermaking newcomers and veterans alike with the training they need to achieve new heights of performance.
 From in-depth case studies to educational articles, our library is full of downloadable content that can help you address specific operational concerns. 
          is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper machine clothing like press fabrics, forming fabrics, dryer fabrics, and other advanced filtration fabrics to paper mills and pulp mills around the world.
tale of two families, 200 years strong.
 in the paper industry dates back to 1790, when the Johnson family opened Manchester Wire Works in Manchester, England. Nearly 100 years later, the Asten family launched Asten and Company in Belgium, producing felts for European papermakers. The family then started a separate company Asten-Hill Manufacturing Company in Philadelphia in 1931, thirty years after the Johnsons began operations in Montreal.
In 1999, Asten, Inc. and the Group merged; they acquired Asten in Eupen, Belgium the following year. Additional changes and acquisitions quickly followed, including the 2003 addition of a sales and marketing office in Singapore, the 2004 opening of a new manufacturing facility in Suzhou, China, and the 2005 acquisition of Czech Republic-based manufacturer, Sitos.
Today, products are at work in mills throughout the world. Our products help create many kinds of paper, from fine writing press and newsprint to brown paper bags and cardboard boxes. Papermakers in 56 countries trust in and profit from our headbox-to-reel understanding of their operations.
 founded in England as Manchester Wire Works
 Charles Johnson opens first North American operations in Montreal, Canada
 Opens Extrusion Facility in Williston, VT
 Oscar von Asten cofounds first Belgian-Austrian felt company in Vienna.
 Oscar von Asten becomes sole owner of Asten & Co.
 Eduard von Asten and Harold Hill open first dryer felt company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
 Asten-Hill Mfg. Co. acquires Wisconsin Wires, Inc. and becomes total length clothing company
 Opens extrusion facility in Summerville, SC
 Acquires Asten in Eupen, Belgium
 Opens Dryer Facility in Suzhou, China
 Opens Forming Facility in Suzhou, China
 Opens Press Facility in Suzhou, China
 Opens JohnsonFoils Ceramic Manufacturing Facility in Bangkok, Thailand
          is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper machine clothing like press fabrics, forming fabrics, dryer fabrics, and other advanced filtration fabrics to paper mills and pulp mills around the world.
An exceptional leader with a keen eye for evolving business strategy, Kevin Frank joined the team as President and in 2015. Formerly of Voith GMBH, where he served as President and of Voith Hydro and Senior of Voith Paper FRS, Kevin brings with him a fresh perspective and proven ability to spearhead significant sales and market share growth.
graduate of Simon Fraser University in Vancouver, Canada, Kevin has completed Advanced Management Studies at & Maastricht University. In 2012 he was named a White House Champion of Change for his work advancing economically advantageous and environmentally friendly approaches to clean energy.
Being asked to lead is a privilege that don’t take lightly. The needs of our customers are varied and demanding—we have a tremendous opportunity to be their fiercest advocates, exceed their expectations, and serve them in new, different ways.
Since joining in 1989, Bubba Livingston has held various leadership positions across the company, including Vice President Americas and Vice President Operations Manager.  Previously, he was employed as a Plant Manager at Ball & Roller, Inc. 
Bubba holds a Bachelor of Science in Administrative Management from Clemson University.  
After coming to in 2010, Steve Polston was appointed President of Nonwovens in May 2016. Prior to AstenJohnson, he spent 20 years with Rexam PLC, last serving as Executive Vice President of their coating and laminating business, then joined Milliken & Company, where he was named Division Finance Leader.
Henry Johnson joined in 1989, becoming a member of the Board of Directors in 2001. After starting his career in various technical marketing positions in North America, he ascended to key sales and operation leadership roles globally including Marketing and Europe.
Henry is a graduate of Carleton University and has taken executive courses at and Darden. Henry also serves as a Director to the Nonwovens trade association, INDA.
An employee since 1989, Neil Johnson has held various positions within AstenJohnson, including Vice President, Group Business Leader – Specialty; Vice President, Group Business Leader – Specialty/Filaments; Director of Operations, Montreal Forming; and General Manager, Montreal Forming.
Neil holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Marketing/Finance from McMaster University, as well as an from the University of South Carolina.
Prior to joining in November 2016, Steve Gray held various leadership positions at Hill-Rom and MeadWestvaco. Most recently, he served as the of WestPoint Home, a $200 million manufacturer of textile home products based in Clemson, South Carolina.
Steve’s significant experience in acquisitions, Lean Six Sigma, international operations, finance and strategy make him an ideal fit for this role.
Advanced Fabrics integrates our longstanding woven belt expertise with a deep manufacturing knowledge to service customers beyond the world of pulp and paper. As a global supplier to the nonwovens industry, the experts at Advanced Fabrics supply products for all web processing needs, including a full line of high performance forming, drying, conveying, dewatering and bonding fabrics.
Further, the Advanced Fabrics portfolio supplies conveyer and filtration products for many other industrial applications, such as board manufacturing, wastewater treatment, food & beverage production and mining. Marked by innovations like MonoZip seam technology, Advanced Fabrics drives manufacturing processes across industries and around the world.
Eagle Nonwovens, Inc. has been producing technical needlepunch nonwovens since 2000. Our 
, located in St. Louis, Missouri, is capable of processing more than 40 million pounds of synthetic fiber annually, with 
a fourth production line commissioned in October 2016.
Eagle concentrates on providing innovative design solutions to technical needlepunch end uses in the aerospace, automotive, healthcare, filtration, and home furnishings industries. Entrepreneurial in spirit and in practice, the company is able to react rapidly to market shifts, providing creative solutions even in price sensitive and commodity segments.
Foss is a well-known leader and pioneer in the use of nonwoven needle punch fabrics and specialty synthetic fibers in an ever-expanding number of environments and circumstances.  Using state-of-the-art computerized production in Hampton, New Hampshire, we are unrivaled in our ability to efficiently and effectively design, manufacture, convert, package, and distribute a vast array of products worldwide.  As one of the world's largest needle-punch based manufacturers, we have the expertise and experience to support customer's needs across virtually all applications and markets. 
          is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper machine clothing like press fabrics, forming fabrics, dryer fabrics, and other advanced filtration fabrics to paper mills and pulp mills around the world.
At AstenJohnson, sustainable business practices have long been central to who we are as an organization. With stewardship guiding our company as a core value, we strive to manage all resources with deep wisdom and great care. Through prudent selection of raw materials, minimizing of facility waste, and adoption of energy efficient processes, all our production, transportation, and logistics are designed to monitor and reduce environmental impact. We equally commit ourselves to delivering the best for our people. Creating a safe, fair workplace marked by constant improvement, principled business ethics, and financial integrity, we enthusiastically advance the rich legacy over two hundred years in the making.   
In 2015, our global sustainability practices were officially formalized in alignment with best practices through a partnership with third-party consultants, Strategic Sustainability Consulting. This effort identified the key performance measures by which we now mindfully guide our operations and established a framework for regular public reporting that measures and documents the ongoing sustainability practices of our organization.
Our history of service to the pulp and paper industry dates back to the 1700s. Today, we still stand side by side with papermakers around the globe to eagerly maintain the spirit and camaraderie of our shared passion and craft, while boldly innovating its future. Further, as our longstanding expertise in manufacturing processes and products finds new application through our family of companies, we pledge to manage our environmental footprint, protect all workers, and conduct business in a manner that weaves our next century as carefully and conscientiously as the last. 
          is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper machine clothing like press fabrics, forming fabrics, dryer fabrics, and other advanced filtration fabrics to paper mills and pulp mills around the world.
Matt Krauss, our Group Operations Leader-Suzhou signed the agreement with the university on behalf of Asia. After the signing ceremony, Matt and Johnson Liu, China Business Leader, held a presentation for over 100 students. The presentation entitled, "Passion for Paper", provided an overview of AstenJohnson, University and our Second Edition of the Paper Machine Clothing book. The students were very interested and impressed with the papermaking knowledge in the book. At the end of the presentation, we presented three books to the university library. These books will be available to students at this important institution to further their knowledge of our industry and the name of AstenJohnson!
is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper          machine clothing and advanced filtration fabrics to papermakers around the world.          As a supplier to the paper industry since 1790, and its family          of companies leverage longstanding knowledge of manufacturing processes to          offer all its customers deep expertise and innovation. The company employs          approximately 2,000 people. Its corporate headquarters is in Charleston,          South Carolina, USA.
Charleston, October 15, 2018 – has announced a price increase of 3% for Paper Machine Clothing (PMC) fabrics supplied to North American customers effective November 1, 2018.  The new pricing will be effective on all fabrics invoiced after November 1, 2018, or as contract terms allow.
is a global manufacturer for the paper industry, supplying paper          machine clothing and advanced filtration fabrics to papermakers around the world.          As a supplier to the paper industry since 1790, and its family          of companies leverage longstanding knowledge of manufacturing processes to          offer all its customers deep expertise and innovation. The company employs          approximately 2,000 people. Its corporate headquarters is in Charleston,          South Carolina, USA.
