Nanotechnology is the understanding and control of matter at the nanoscale, at dimensions between approximately 1 and 100 nanometers, where unique phenomena enable novel applications. Encompassing nanoscale science, engineering, and technology, nanotechnology involves imaging, measuring, modeling, and manipulating matter at this length scale. 
Matter such as gases, liquids, and solids can exhibit unusual physical, chemical, and biological properties at the nanoscale. Consequently nanotechnology does not represent just the next step in miniaturization; it represents new possibilities for solving some of the world's most difficult challenges.  Nanotechnology offers new ways to resolve issues on global scale as well as local; to build safer oil pipelines, engineer more effective drugs, and boost the global food supply.
Nanoparticle science and manufacturing generally face challenges in three areas.
Efficacy: Most nanoparticles are not solid metal, can't be manufactured to specific sizes and fall out of solution quickly. This means that for their limited applications, they are less powerful and have a short shelf life.
Toxicity:  Most nanoparticles are ionic and use chemical surfactants - both can be toxic to humans and the environment.
Scalability: Effective, stable nanoparticles are prohibitively expensive to produce and cannot be manufactured to scale - inhibiting broad market adoption and limiting potential applications.
Safe and effective Solutions can be applied in essentially any industry.  For now, we are working on disruptive solutions within the Biomedical, Energy, Textile, and Food markets.Nano Application
Nanotechnology that Protects and Enhances Life
was established with a foundational goal of creating an affordable, effective and safe nanotechnology that promotes a healthier and smarter world. The result is a scientific approach that produces nanoparticles better than any other available product in today's market. With focused use of silver and gold nanomaterials, products are highly effective in fighting bacteria, have shown great anti-viral promise and integrate at the molecular level to enhance processes in multiple applications. Currently, we are pursuing go-to market solutions with partners in the Biomedical, Food & Agriculture, Textile and Energy industries. Attostat's Research & Development partnership along with a scalable, economical production process, make us an ideal partner for companies seeking to make use of nanotechnology in almost any market vertical.
 provides your business the R&D, Regulatory and Production support in serving your customers.
 can be applied in essentially any industry. For now, we are working on disruptive solutions within the Biomedical, Energy, Textile, and Food markets.
Nanotechnology that Protects and Enhances Life
was established with a foundational goal of creating an affordable, effective and safe nanotechnology that promotes a healthier and smarter world. The result is a scientific approach that produces nanoparticles better than any other available product in today's market. With focused use of silver and gold nanomaterials, products are highly effective in fighting bacteria, have shown great anti-viral promise and integrate at the molecular level to enhance processes in multiple applications. Currently, we are pursuing go-to market solutions with partners in the Biomedical, Food & Agriculture, Textile and Energy industries. Attostat's Research & Development partnership along with a scalable, economical production process, make us an ideal partner for companies seeking to make use of nanotechnology in almost any market vertical.
 provides your business the R&D, Regulatory and Production support in serving your customers.
 can be applied in essentially any industry. For now, we are working on disruptive solutions within the Biomedical, Energy, Textile, and Food markets.
                |            In the NewsScott Morrison - Chief Executive Officer
Scott Morrison brings over 20 years of experience in Corporate Finance and Business leadership. Prior to joining Attostat, he served as the Vice President of Finance at Honeywell’s BendixKing business unit and Director of Finance at Oldcastle Materials’ Mountain West Division. His experience also includes a cumulative eleven years of progressive Controllership and Finance Management leadership roles at Caterpillar’s Logistics and Prime Product Divisions and Honeywell’s Transportation Systems division. He received a in Accounting from Utah State University and an from Salt Lake City’s Westminster College. He is certified and also a Six Sigma Greenbelt.
Bill is a Founder of and is an inventor, entrepreneur, physicist and mathematician. As an applied physicist, he specializes in developing processes that measure and create cutting-edge nanomaterial. His patents include the Multiple Laser Interferometric Method of nanomaterials production, as well as seven additional provisional patents for specialized applications of those nanomaterials. Prior to founding Attostat, he held senior leadership positions in many organizations including government agencies, foreign economic development programs and several tech companies. He is a member of the American Physical Society, the National Association of Secretaries of State, and the Project Management Institute, among several others. He holds a in Applied Physics and Mathematics from the University of Utah.
Dr. Kennon has over 15 years of experience in chemical research and a broad knowledge of experimental methods.  She earned her and Ph.(Inorganic Chemistry) from the University of Utah with emphasis in materials analysis and education.  In 2009 she served as a Post-doctoral Fellow (University of Utah) with focus on instrumentation and teaching.  Dr. Kennon then joined Dyno Nobel as their Research Scientist, providing research & development for mining explosives, developing analytical methods and leading a new lab construction project. She champions the pursuit of scientific excellence emphasizing priorities of safety, regulation alignment, and manufacturing/production effectiveness.  In 2016 she brought this diverse skillset to the team where she leads Quality Assurance, Research and Development and Regulatory Applications.
Rob Holmes brings over 30 years of experience in starting up and managing various companies. Prior experience includes over ten years as a fund manager investing in mortgage-backed securities doing short term bridge funding. He also co-founded and managed a company that provided corporate training and self-help personal coaching, which business was sold – after 15 years of profitable returns – to a publicly traded company. His experience is further highlighted by serving as a controller for a gold mining company and holding leadership roles in a building supply company where he built company strategy and operations. He received a with a focus in Accounting and Business from Brigham Young University.
Attostat’s patent-protected production process is fast and consistent, enabling reliable and scalable production.  The laser ablation process creates spherical nano material that is consistent and in size, shape and stable in suspension without the use of chemicals (i.e. surfactants). The result is specific-sized non-ionic nanoparticles produced at the necessary concentration to be effective in a given application.  It takes minutes to produce liters of material that can be stored and shipped without concern of particle agglomeration or fall-out.
Whether through a Joint Venture, License Agreement, or Service & Product relationship, strives to become an extension of your company--allowing access to our research team and even intellectual property if necessary. Our success depends on the success of our go-to-market partners and we are committed to provide the resources necessary to provide value to our partners' customers.
Instrumentation – validating nanoparticles characterization
Exposure – confirming safety to environment and human
Final Efficacy – validating that the product has desired effect
Exposure – ensuring safe environment & human interaction
Research and Testing –applying understanding, documentation & third party validation
Capacity Planning – providing scalable production to meet demand
Capital Planning and Set-up – defining needed equipment, procurement and set-up
Research & Development – continuous improvement of nanotechnology
Attostat’s laser ablation process establishes a new standard of production providing scalable manufacturing in order to meet consumer volume demands.  This process makes nanotechnology economically accessible to provide healing, protection and enhancements to your products in serving your consumers.
Attostat’s proprietary laser ablation production process breaks down elemental material to create spherical particles of a very specific size. The narrow size distribution is critical to the effectiveness and non-toxicity of the nanoparticles.
verifies the size and shape of every sample with state-of-the-art analytic tools. Attostat’s narrow size distribution reduces waste, helping the environment and costs. Attostat’s perfectly round particles allow them to stay suspended in solution and don’t require any surfactants.
Tests are done to check for effectiveness and safety. spends a significant amount time in research and development to discover new applications and ensure the safety of those products. 