Market
Inc. is a process development and licensing company, specializing in catalyst and process technology for the upgrading of crude oil and oil distillates.
				Auterra's family of patented process technologies provide cost-effective solutions for challenging times.  Embracing elegant chemistry with an emphasis on low capital and operating costs, has developed unique solutions for the worlds increasingly heavy and sour feedstocks.  Solutions have been developed for lighter hydrocarbon challenges as well.  
								More and more crudes are being discounted by high sulfur levels, high viscosity, high nitrogen levels and high acidity.  FlexUP™ can improve the overall quality of your crude oil cost effectively and improve your operating margins.  
								Many lighter streams contain sulfur levels that are marginally out of spec compared to valuable benchmarks. Flexprovides a cost effective sulfur and nitrogen removal process that improves your assay quality.  Petrochemical manufacturers, pipeline operators with transmix issues and hydrogen constrained refiners can use Flexto efficiently upgrade qualities of low value feeds.
Market
				 Inc, 2135 Technology Drive, Schenectady NY, 12308 Phone: (518)382-9600 / Fax: (518) 382-9611Inc. is a catalyst and process technology company focused on commercializing these processes to meet today's energy needs. Our team of research scientists, chemical engineers and process technologists are optimizing performance for several innovative process technologies that upgrade the value of crude and distillate oils.  Auterra's FlexUp technology is a low-cost, low-energy desulfurization and upgrading process designed for treatment of heavy, sour crude oils such as the oil sand reserves in Canada and Venezuela. FlexUp applications include use in downstream operations where traditional hydrogen-based solutions are energy intense and inefficient.
has partnered with investors and strategic partners to develop its technology. Auterra's first strategic partner, a Calgary-based oil sands producer, is expected to be the first beneficiary of an end-to-end process that uses air and water to effectively upgrade sulfur-rich hydrocarbon streams, regardless of their viscosity. FlexUp creates value, decreases transportation costs, and expands market opportunities for bitumen and other heavy, sour crude oils.
was founded in 2003 as Applied NanoWorks, with a focus on developing high value specialty inorganic compounds.  With dozens of discoveries ranging from the molecular to the nano-scale in its early years, focused its efforts on  developing and patenting a unique platform for creating inorganic-organic molecules. This process, named the Molecular Control Process  (MCP) Platform, launched the discovery of hundreds of hybrid molecules with varying structures and applications.  The discovery of a world class oxidation catalyst and its role in removing heteroatoms (sulfur, nitrogen and metals) from crude oil further  focused Auterra's efforts to design and develop a full scale, environmentally friendly process for the oil industry. The FlexUpâ„¢ Technology includes the FlexOxâ„¢  family of catalysts, the FlexDSâ„¢ chemical package, and FlexUPâ„¢ Support Services. Today, has a robust global patent portfolio protecting its technology.
has also developed several processes that improve the value of other feedstocks by removing sulfur in light feeds (FlexULS).
non-traditional clean energy company, is located in Schenectady, New York.
Data Sheets