Our self-healing additives for high-performance coatings, adhesives, and sealants are the first of their kind to be commercially available. They save you money by preventing further deterioration to coatings damaged by common stresses— from a simple scratch on a vehicle to a severe gash on an oil rig. 
At the moment damage happens, the microcapsules release protective compounds to seal the substrate and ward off rust and deterioration, extending the service life of your equipment without human intervention. 
We’ve all seen what happens when someone doesn’t quite clear our car in the parking lot— ugly scratches that are expensive to repair. But left untreated, rust is sure to follow. It’s as true with your car as it is with a wind turbine (and just imagine what the labor costs to repaint those!).
Our microcapsule technology delivers self-healing polymeric systems to actually seal themselves after damage. By creating this seal and blocking out corrosion, the finish lasts exceptionally longer, reducing the disruption (and cost!) of refinishing the surface. Further, our microcapusules can make water-based coatings last as long as solvent-based ones, which are harder on the environment and the people who handle them.
It’s win-win.
Commercial equipment is too expensive to be out of commission because of coating damage! 
 to learn about the perfect formulation for your equipment’s material and environment. 
Sign up for our newsletter and stay up to date.
Our mission as the “Self-Healing Company” is to design, manufacture, and market performance-enhancing technologies on a global scale to a broad range of markets. We aspire to bring chemistries to market that are so innovative, they extend asset lifetimes in unprecedented ways and help lower the cost of ownership.
Our products are designed and manufactured with low environmental impact in mind. By extending the useful life of the assets, our products lower the emission and waste produced over their maintenance lifetime.
As President and CEO, Gordon Fischer is responsible for strategically leading the integration of AMI’s breakthrough self-healing technology into global coatings, sealants and adhesive markets. Prior to joining in October 2015, Gordon held various executive leadership positions at Central Fiber and Henkel Corporation.
Magnus Andersson leads business development for Materials. In his current role, he maintains relationships with a wide range of senior level technology and business development professionals as well as key formulators and scientists at major coatings manufacturers and industrial end-users.
As Vice President for Technology Development, Gerald Wilson leads AMI’s Research and Development, Application Development, Scale Up and Manufacturing efforts. He has over 15 years of experience designing self-healing chemistries for a broad range of applications and end-uses.
Dr. Scott White, Dr. Nancy Sottos, Dr. Jeff Moore, and Dr. Paul Braun founded Materials, Inc., in 2005. Dr. White (Professor of Aerospace Engineering), Dr. Sottos (Professor of Science), Dr. Moore (Professor of Chemistry), and Dr. Braun (Professor of Science) are all members of the Autonomous Systems group at the world-renowned Beckman Institute at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. AMI’s commercial activities began in late 2007 with the establishment of laboratory and administrative facilities in a business incubator facility located in Champaign, Illinois. In 2012, all operations were moved to an independent, stand-alone facility to support our growing staff and commercialization of our product. introduced its first commercial product in 2016.
Sign up for our newsletter and stay up to date.
