SareptAssist Patient Support
We are Sarepta Therapeutics: a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of precision genetic medicines to treat rare neuromuscular diseases. Our primary focus is on rapidly advancing Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) therapies that are designed to treat the underlying cause of the disease.
To get to the heart of DMD, it is critical for gene therapy to be delivered to skeletal and cardiac muscle.
Our goal is to develop therapies to treat 100% of individuals with this devastating disease.
Our commitment to the patients and families impacted by Duchenne muscular dystrophy extends beyond treatment. We are proud to offer SareptAssist™, a patient support program for those seeking information on therapy.
Our unique RNA-based technology has the potential to advance treatments in numerous areas of high unmet need. We are continuing to advance our clinical programs for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
We're looking for people who exhibit teamwork, excellence, innovation, drive, compassion, and resilience. If you thrive in an environment where you can make a real difference in people's lives and where you're challenged to be the best that you can be, we encourage you to come be part of our mission.
We're looking for people who exhibit teamwork, excellence, innovation, drive, compassion, and resilience. If you thrive in an environment where you can make a real difference in people's lives and where you're challenged to be the best that you can be, we encourage you to come be part of our mission.
We seek collaborations with leaders in industry, government, and academia to make meaningful advances in medicine. Our proprietary and highly versatile RNA-based technologies form the foundation of our partnering strategy.
Sarepta Therapeutics Enters into Long-term Strategic Relationship with Aldevron for GMP-grade Plasmid in Support of Gene Therapy Development and Commercial Manufacturing Strategy
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
Our vision is to transform how the world approaches the treatment of serious and life-threatening diseases by unlocking the potential of RNA-based technologies.
Recognizing the complexity of this goal, we focus on rare neuromuscular diseases which represent tremendous unmet needs—areas in which new therapies have the potential to make dramatic improvements in the lives of patients.
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
We are at the forefront of the next significant revolution in drug development: medicine. As both individuals and employees, we are driven by a sense of urgency to deliver meaningful innovations for the patients and families who are anxiously awaiting new treatments.
We are committed to bringing new therapies—and hope—to patients with devastating rare neuromuscular diseases. We are passionate about science and seek to innovate in all areas of our business. Each member of our team recognizes that we must approach drug development differently to realize the full potential of our technology.
Our strategy is to hire and keep the very best people. This is key to our success and what will lead us to even greater accomplishments in the future. The average employee here at Sarepta isn't average—he or she is excellent. We settle for nothing less.
We're looking for people who exhibit teamwork, excellence, innovation, drive, compassion, and resilience. If you thrive in an environment where you can make a real difference in people's lives and where you're challenged to be the best that you can be, we encourage you to come be part of our mission and 
We value diversity. We're committed to creating an environment where people can contribute their diverse backgrounds, experiences and ideas to the work they do. We're proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
Kathleen Behrens, Ph.D., has served as a member of our Board since March 2009 and Chairperson of the Board since April 2015. She also currently serves as a member and chair of the audit committee and as a member of the research and development committee of the Board.
Dr. Behrens served as a member of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (“PCAST”) from 2001 to early 2009 and as chairwoman of PCAST’s Subcommittee on Personalized Medicine. She has served as a public-market biotechnology securities analyst as well as a venture capitalist focusing on healthcare, technology and related investments. She was instrumental in the founding of several biotechnology companies including Protein Design Labs, Inc. and Therapeutics, Inc. She worked for Robertson Stephens & Co. from 1983 through 1996, serving as a general partner and managing director. Dr. Behrens continued in her capacity as a general partner for selected venture funds for Investments, an investment management and research firm, from 1996 through December 2009, after management led a buyout of that firm from Bank of America. While Dr. Behrens worked at Investments, from 1996 to 2002, she served as a Managing Director at the firm and, from 2003 to December 2009, she served as a consultant to the firm. From 1997 to 2005, she was a director of the Board on Science, Technology and Economic Policy for the National Research Council, and from 1993 to 2000 she was a director, president, and chairwoman of the National Venture Capital Association. Since December 2009, Dr. Behrens has worked as an independent life sciences consultant and investor. Dr. Behrens was a director of Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from June 2009 until Amylin’s sale in August 2012 to Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. Dr. Behrens also served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of a private oncology services company, Group Inc., based in Cambridge, Massachusetts from January 2012 to July 2014. Our nominating and corporate governance committee believes that Dr. Behrens’ significant experience in the financial services and biotechnology sectors, as well as in healthcare policy, qualifies her for service as a member of the Board.
Richard Barry, a long time stockholder of the Company, has served as a member of our Board since June 2015. He currently serves as member and chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee and as a member of the audit committee and the compensation committee of the Board.
Mr. Barry has served as a director for Elcelyx Therapeutics, a pharmaceutical company, since February 2013 and is a Managing Member of Fund, LLC, a fund established for the sole purpose of investing in Elcelyx.
Mr. Barry has also been a Partner and Advisory Board member of the San Diego Padres since 2009 and an Advisory Board member for the Schreyer Honors College at Pennsylvania State University since 2014. He previously served as a director of Cluster Wireless, a San Diego-based software company, and Blacklight Power, an energy research company. Mr. Barry has extensive experience in the investment management business. He was a founding member of Eastbourne Capital Management LLC, a large equity hedge fund investing in a variety of industries, including health care, and served as a Managing General Partner and Portfolio Manager from 1999 to its close in 2010. Prior to Eastbourne, Mr. Barry was a Portfolio Manager and Managing Director of Robertson Stephens Investment Management. Mr. Barry also spent over 13 years in various roles in institutional equity and investment management firms, including Lazard Freres, Legg Mason and Merrill Lynch.
Michael Bonney was elected to our Board in December 2017. He also serves as a member of the audit committee.
Mr. Bonney is currently the chief executive officer and chair of Kaleido Biosciences, a biotechnology company focused on the development of novel chemistries to unlock the power of the human microbiome. He also is chair of the boards of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Magenta Therapeutics, and is a member of the board for Celgene Corporation, as well as the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research. Additionally, Mr. Bonney is a trustee of the four healthcare dedicated closed end mutual funds managed by Tekla Capital Management, and he chairs the board of trustees of Bates College.
He was a former partner at Third Rock Ventures, and was the former chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Cubist Pharmaceuticals Inc. (a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. as of January 2015) from June 2003 through its acquisition by Merck in December 2014. Mr. Bonney was a director of Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2005 until its sale to Shire plc in February 2015, where he was a member of the audit and compensation committees and chaired the governance committee.
From January 2002 to June 2003, Mr. Bonney served as Cubist’s president and chief operating officer, and from 1995 to 2001, he held various positions of increasing responsibility at Biogen, Inc., including vice president, sales and marketing from 1999 to 2001. Prior to Biogen, Mr. Bonney spent 11 years at Zeneca Pharmaceuticals working in several sales, marketing and strategic planning roles, most recently serving as national business director.
He was a member of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) from 2009 to 2014 and the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), a non-profit biotechnology trade organization, from 2004 to 2009.
Mary Ann Gray, Ph.was elected to our Board in December 2018. Dr. Gray also serves as a member of the Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of the company’s Board.
Dr. Gray has extensive experience in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industry and most recently served on the boards of: Senomyx and Juniper Pharmaceuticals, a women’s health company, prior to the acquisition of both companies; TetraLogic, a publicly-held clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on oncology and infectious diseases; Dyax, a rare disease company acquired by Shire in 2016; and Pharmaceuticals, focused on commercialization of therapies. She is President of Gray Strategic Advisors, LLC, a biotechnology strategic planning and advisory firm.
Douglas Ingram has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since June 2017. Prior to his appointment, from December 2015 until November 2016, he served as the Chief Executive Officer and President and a Director of Chase Pharmaceuticals Corporation, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Prior to joining Chase Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Ingram served as the President of Allergan, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, from July 2013 until it was acquired by Actavis in early 2015. At Allergan, he also served as President, Europe, Africa and Middle East from August 2010 to June 2013, and Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and Secretary from October 2006 to July 2010, where he led Allergan’s Global Legal Affairs, Compliance, Internal Audit and Internal Controls, Human Resources, Regulatory Affairs and Safety, and Global Corporate Affairs and Public Relations departments.
Claude Nicaise, has served as a member of our Board since June 2015. He currently serves as a member of the compensation committee and as a member of the research and development committee of the Board.
Dr. Nicaise is the owner of Clinical Regulatory Services, a company providing advice on clinical and regulatory matters to biotechnology companies.
Prior to that, Dr. Nicaise was a Senior Vice President of Strategic Development and Global Regulatory Affairs at Alexion Pharmaceuticals from 2008 to 2014. From 1983 to 2008, Dr. Nicaise served in various positions of increasing responsibility at Bristol-Myers Squibb, including the following senior management positions: Vice-President of Global Development, Vice-President Worldwide Regulatory Science and Strategy, and leadership positions in Oncology, Infectious Disease and NeuroScience development. Our nominating and corporate governance committee believes that Dr. Nicaise’s significant experience in the pharmaceuticals sector, including in clinical and regulatory affairs, qualifies him for service as a member of the Board.
Hans Wigzell, M.D., Ph.D., has served as a member of our Board since June 2010. He currently serves as chair of the research and development committee and as a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee of the Board.
In the past five years, Dr. Wigzell has served as a director of Probi and currently serves as a director of RaySearch Laboratories AB, Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB, and Valneva (a successor to Intercell AG). Since 2006, Dr. Wigzell has served as chairman of Karolinska Development AB, a company listed on the Stockholm market that selects, develops and seeks ways to commercialize promising new Nordic lifescience innovations. Previously, he was the president of the Karolinska Institute, a medical university, from 1995 to 2003, and was general director of the National Bacteriological Laboratory in Stockholm from 1987 to 1993. Dr. Wigzell is chairman of the board of the Stockholm School of Entrepreneurship. He is an elected member of several national academies, including the Swedish Royal Engineering Academy, Sweden; the Royal Academy of Science, Sweden; the Danish Academy of Arts and Letters; the American Academy of Arts and Sciences; the Finnish Science Society; and the European Molecular Biology Organization. In addition to serving as president of the Karolinska Institute, his academic career includes being Chairman of the Nobel Prize Committee, and the Karolinska Institute and Distinguished External Advisory Professor of Ehime University, Japan. Additionally, Dr. Wigzell was appointed Chairman of the Nobel Assembly in 2000. Our nominating and corporate governance committee believes that Dr. Wigzell’s experience serving in leadership roles in various scientific and biotechnology institutions and companies in countries around the world qualifies him to serve as a member of the Board.
Dr. Wigzell holds an and Ph.from the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm and he has received honorary doctorate degrees at University “Tor Vergata” in Rome, Ital, Turku University in Finland and The Feinstein Institute in New York.
SareptAssist Patient Support
We are driven: by science, by a sense of urgency, by a desire to have a lasting impact. Our culture is defined by collaboration and a shared motivation to leverage the power of science to save lives.
We are proud to offer comprehensive benefits and employee support programs, including:
Generous vacation time beginning in the first year of employment
Health insurance including medical, dental, prescription drugs and vision plan
Basic life and basic accidental death and dismemberment insurance
Short-term and long-term disability insurance
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
Our team is comprised of industry leaders with a common commitment: to translate scientific breakthroughs into meaningful advances in treatment for patients.
Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Chief of Staff, Vice President, Corporate Affairs
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer
Senior Vice President, R&and Chief Medical Officer
Douglas Ingram has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board since June 2017. Prior to his appointment, from December 2015 until November 2016, he served as the Chief Executive Officer and President and a Director of Chase Pharmaceuticals Corporation, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. Prior to joining Chase Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Ingram served as the President of Allergan, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, from July 2013 until it was acquired by Actavis in early 2015. At Allergan, he also served as President, Europe, Africa and Middle East from August 2010 to June 2013, and Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and Secretary from October 2006 to July 2010, where he led Allergan’s Global Legal Affairs, Compliance, Internal Audit and Internal Controls, Human Resources, Regulatory Affairs and Safety, and Global Corporate Affairs and Public Relations departments.
Mr. Ingram also served as General Counsel of Allergan from January 2001 to June 2009 and as Secretary and Chief Ethics Officer from July 2001 to July 2010. With the acquisition of Allergan by Actavis, Mr. Ingram consulted as a special advisor to the Chief Executive Officer of Actavis. Mr. Ingram serves as a director of Pacific Mutual Holding Company, a parent company for subsidiaries engaged in a variety of insurance, financial services and other investment-related businesses, where he is a member of the Compensation Committee, the Governance and Nominating Committee, and the Member Interests Committee. Mr. Ingram received his from the University of Arizona and his Bachelor of Science degree from Arizona State University.
Diane Berry, Ph.D., has served as our Vice President of Global Health Policy and Government Affairs since December 2011.
Previously Dr. Berry worked for the federal government overseeing and implementing science and technology and public health activities, including defense efforts, across the legislative and executive branches. Dr. Berry served as a Subcommittee Staff Director and Senior Professional Staff Member for the House Committee on Homeland Security and worked at the Department of Homeland Security in the Office of Health Affairs in leadership roles including Chief Scientist, Director of Threat Characterization and Countermeasures, and Senior Biodefense Advisor. Previously Dr. Berry also served as a Senior Science Advisor at McKenna, Long, and Aldridge. She was a Science & Technology Policy Fellow through the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Dr. Berry earned her Ph.in chemical engineering from Northwestern University and received her and in chemical/biochemical engineering from Tufts University.
Gary Charbonneau joined Sarepta in May 2018 as senior vice president, regulatory affairs, overseeing all aspects of our regulatory affairs organization including development strategy and global regulatory operations. 
Mr. Charbonneau brings over 25 years of industry experience to Sarepta, having spent much of his career in regulatory affairs and quality assurance.  Prior to joining Sarepta, he served as senior vice president of global regulatory affairs at Graybug Vision and senior vice president of global regulatory affairs at Chase Pharmaceuticals. 
From September 2005 to June 2016, Mr. Charbonneau served as vice president of regulatory affairs at Allergan, where he held several leadership roles within the regulatory affairs organization during his 11-year career with the global pharmaceutical company. During his tenure at Allergan, Mr. Charbonneau was integral in building the global regulatory affairs function, in addition to working within various therapeutic areas including ophthalmology, urology, dermatology, and neurology. Mr. Charbonneau has also spent time at Amgen, Roche Bioscience, and Novo Nordisk in various roles during the course of his career in the life science and pharmaceutical industries. Mr. Charbonneau received his Bachelors of Science degree in Biological Science from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo and his Masters in Regulatory Science from the University of Southern California.
Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer
Bo Cumbo joined Sarepta in January 2013 and serves as our Chief Commercial Officer.  
From June 2010 to January 2013, Mr. Cumbo worked at Vertex Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company, where he served as Vice President of Sales and Treatment Education for the launch of Incivek, one of the most successful drug launches in the history of pharmaceuticals.
Prior to working at Vertex, Mr. Cumbo worked for Gilead Sciences, a biopharmaceutical company, for nine years in multiple commercial roles supporting the HIV, and Cardiovascular franchises.  Mr. Cumbo has experience in sales, marketing, national accounts, federal accounts, treatment education and commercial strategy, as well as in building effective teams for successful competitive launches.
Mr. Cumbo started his career at and has over twenty years of pharmaceutical and biotechnology experience, with over ten specialty competitive launches during his career.  Mr. Cumbo received his Bachelor of Science in Medical Technology from Auburn University.
Chief of Staff, Vice President, Corporate Affairs
Ian Estepan, joined Sarepta in January 2015 as head of investor relations. Mr. Estepan currently serves as chief of staff and vice president, corporate affairs, overseeing investor relations, corporate communications as well as program management. His focus is on incorporating patient perspectives into corporate strategic initiatives with the goal of expediting the advancement of clinical compounds through the regulatory process. By identifying endpoints related to patient reported outcomes, he works to identify new ways of assessing clinical effectiveness when traditional placebo controlled trials may not be feasible due to the limitations of studying patients with rare diseases. 
Mr. Estepan brings 16 years of experience in healthcare investing to fund the development of promising drug candidates in a diverse number of therapeutic areas. Over the past 5 years, he has combined his financial and clinical acumen to speed clinical development and patient access to new therapies for patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. 
Prior to joining Sarepta, from August 2001 to December 2014, Mr. Estepan was a senior portfolio manager for Wall Street’s Spectra Financial Group, where he was responsible for managing a multi-million dollar long-short portfolio of biotech, medtech and pharmaceutical stocks. 
Mr. Estepan began his career as a financial analyst for Salomon Smith Barney in June 1999, participating in multi-billion dollar deals and creating financial models for the number-one ranked health care group in investment banking. From December 1999 to May 2001, Mr. Estepan served as director of strategic planning at The MusicBooth LLC, where he managed all aspects of patented, internet-based, technology start-up, serving the $20 billion audio advertising industry. 
Mr. Estepan earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology with a concentration in pre-medicine from Columbia University where he graduated Magna Cum Laude.
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Ty Howton has served as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since November 2012.
From September 2011 to June 2012, Mr. Howton served as the Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and as a member of the executive team at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, a publicly-traded biotechnology company, and in this capacity he participated in the general management of the company and oversaw all aspects of the Vertex global legal and compliance departments. Mr. Howton served as Senior Vice President Legal from July 2012 to November 2012. Prior to his appointment as Chief Legal Officer at Vertex, Mr. Howton served as the Chief Compliance Officer from September 2009 to August 2011 and, in this capacity, he was responsible for designing and implementing the Vertex corporate compliance program as well as chairing the company's Corporate Compliance Committee. From 2003 to September 2009, Mr. Howton worked at Genentech, Inc., a biotechnology company, where he served in a number of legal roles before becoming the company's chief healthcare compliance officer in 2006. Prior to joining Genentech in 2003, Mr. Howton was a member of the Sidley Austin corporate healthcare practice where he advised on corporate transactions involving life science companies and provided regulatory counsel.
Mr. Howton holds a from Yale University and a from Northwestern University School of Law.
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer
Sandy Mahatme is our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer and leads Sarepta’s finance, business development, technical operations, facilities, and investor and public relations functions. He joined Sarepta in 2012 as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer.
From January 2006 to November 2012, Mr. Mahatme worked at Celgene Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company, where he served in various roles, including Senior Vice President of Corporate Development, Senior Vice President of Finance, Corporate Treasurer and Head of Tax. While at Celgene, Mr. Mahatme built the treasury and tax functions before establishing the Corporate Development Department, focused on strategic, targeted initiatives including commercial development in emerging markets, acquisitions and licensing and global manufacturing expansion. Prior to working at Celgene, Mr. Mahatme worked for Pfizer Inc., a pharmaceutical company, for eight and a half years in senior roles in Business Development and Corporate Tax.
Mr. Mahatme started his career at Ernst & Young where he advised multinational corporations on a broad range of transactions. Mr. Mahatme holds Master of Laws (LL.M.) degrees from Cornell Law School and School of Law and is a member of the New York State Bar Association. Mr. Mahatme is also a board member of Flexion Therapeutics, Inc and Aeglea Biotherapeutics.
Joan Nickerson joined Sarepta in October 2016 and serves as our Vice President of Human Resources.
Ms. Nickerson’s experience includes over 20 years in human resources, working in higher education before transitioning into the biopharmaceutical industry. Ms. Nickerson started her career at Harvard University in the central human resources office and spent 13 years in multiple positions within the University in roles of increasing responsibility. Ms. Nickerson served as head of at Dyax, where she led human resources, facilities and administrative services until the company was acquired in 2016 by Shire plc. During her tenure at Dyax, Ms. Nickerson collaborated with the Executive Management team to drive employee engagement and a culture of accountability and collaboration to become the #2 Boston Globe’s Top Places to Work in 2015 (for medium-sized companies). She managed employee growth of 30% over a 3-year timeframe, maintaining a retention rate at >95%, and developed and launched a Leadership Development Program for key talent in the organization. Her expertise spans across the many facets of human resource management, including compensation and benefits, which have served both the company and its employees.
Ms. Nickerson holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from the University of Massachusetts, Lowell, and an from Simmons College in Boston.
Senior Vice President, R&and Chief Medical Officer
Gilmore O’Neill, M.B., M.M.Sc., Senior Vice President, R&and Chief Medical Officer joined Sarepta in June 2018 and leads Sarepta’s research, clinical development, medical affairs, pharmacovigilance, and regulatory affairs functions. 
In 2003, Dr. O’Neill joined Biogen as an associate director of clinical development, making the transition from practicing neurology full-time at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) to industry. During his 15-year career with Biogen, Dr. O’Neill held leadership roles of increasing responsibility in clinical research and development. From November 2016 to June 2018, Dr. O’Neill served as Biogen’s senior vice president, late-stage clinical development and oversaw development programs for Alzheimer’s disease, movement disorders, acute neurology, multiple sclerosis, pain, neuromuscular disease, gene and cell therapy, and rare diseases. He played a leadership role in seeking, receiving and maintaining global marketing approvals for Tecfidera®, Zinbryta®, Plegridy® and Spinraza®. 
Dr. O’Neill is a member of the American Academy of Neurology and a board-certified neurologist (ABPN), licensed to practice medicine in the state of Massachusetts. He served as director of the leukodystrophy service and chief resident in neurology during his time at as full-time physician, and has maintained his clinical appointment at with a sub-specialty interest in neuromuscular diseases and inherited leukodystrophies. From 1997 to 2015, he served as a clinical instructor in neurology at Harvard Medical School. Dr. O’Neill also serves on the board of directors of the Massachusetts Biotechnology Council (MassBio). 
Dr. O’Neill received a Bachelor of Medicine degree at University College Dublin and a Master of Medical Sciences degree from Harvard University. He is the recipient of numerous awards in science and medicine, in-cluding the Lefler Fellowship in the Department of Neurobiology at Harvard Medical School. Dr. O’Neill is the author of numerous publications on multiple sclerosis, has served as a neurology peer reviewer for medical literature, and lectures in the United States and globally on advances in neurology and neurological research. 
Louise Rodino-Klapac, Ph.has served as our Vice President, Gene Therapy since June 2018. 
Renowned for her work in molecular genetics and gene therapy, Dr. Rodino-Klapac was head of the laboratory for gene therapy research for muscular dystrophies at Nationwide Children’s Hospital prior to joining Sarepta. 
From July 2010 to June 2018, Dr. Rodino-Klapac was an Associate Professor, Department of Pediatrics, The Ohio State University College of Medicine and Principal Investigator, Center for Gene Therapy for The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital and a faculty member of the Biomedical Sciences Graduate Program and Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology Graduate Programs, The Ohio State University College of Medicine. Dr. Rodino-Klapac also served as the Ruth Kirschstein F32 Post-doctoral Fellow, National Institutes of Health, The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital; and was a post-doctoral researcher, Center for Gene Therapy, The Research Institute at Nationwide Children's Hospital. 
In February 2017, Dr. Rodino-Klapac co-founded Myonexus Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical stage gene therapy biotech company focused on treatment of Limb girdle muscular dystrophy (LGMD). Dr. Rodino-Klapac serves as acting chief scientific officer of Myonexus and in early May 2018, Sarepta announced a collaboration with Myonexus to develop potentially transformative gene therapies to treat five distinct forms of LGMD. 
Dr. Rodino-Klapac is the recipient of numerous awards, including the Forty Under 40 Award by Columbus Business First, and the Department of Pediatrics Outstanding Junior Faculty Award for Innovation. She’s the author of numerous publications, among them papers published in The New England Journal of Medicine, Annals of Neurology, and Pediatric Neurology. 
Dr. Rodino-Klapac received her bachelor’s degree in biology from Kings College, and a Ph.in molecular genetics from The Ohio State University. 
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
We value our relationships with professional recruitment firms. To protect the interests of all parties, and given the large volume of inquiries received from third-party placement agencies, we are not able to respond to all agency inquiries.
We do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than directly from candidates for current or future positions. Submission of unsolicited resumes in advance of a signed agreement between our company and a placement agency does not create an implied obligation and, if an unsolicited candidate represented by a placement agency is hired, we are not obligated to pay a fee.
Only approved recruitment firms will be allowed to provide services to Sarepta Therapeutics.
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
We are committed to rapidly advancing our leading RNA-based technology platforms and pipeline through a diversified research and development portfolio that is balanced between Sarepta-retained programs and strategic partnerships with biopharmaceutical companies.
Our RNA-based technologies and PMO-based chemistries combine to make a versatile research and development platform with broad applicability across multiple therapeutic categories, and hold the promise of supporting development of potentially transformative treatment options for previously intractable diseases.
Beyond strategic partnerships with industry, we maintain a continuing interest in establishing collaborative research agreements with academia, government and non-governmental organizations.
To learn more about partnering and collaboration opportunities with Sarepta, please contact us at 
, a non-profit R&organization dedicated to the development of biotherapies for orphan genetic diseases from research to clinical validation. Genethon employs one of the largest research and clinical groups in the world working to advance rare disease therapies and is affiliated with Europe’s largest cvector manufacturing facility, YposKesi, located in Evry (Essonne).
Under the terms of the research collaboration, Sarepta and Genethon will jointly develop treatments for Genethon’s micro-dystrophin gene therapy approach, which can target the majority of boys with DMD, has demonstrated robust gene expression in a large model. Moreover, data show for the first time a systemic therapeutic effect in dogs using a rAAV2/8 micro-dystrophin gene therapy approach without immunosuppressive treatment. The results were published in the July 25, 2017 
. Click the video below for more information.
Scientists restore muscle strength in dogs using micro-dystrophin gene therapy
In 2015, we entered into a four-year collaborative research agreement to establish the Sarepta Translational Laboratory with Murdoch University, Perth, Western Australia. The laboratory, led by Murdoch University professors, Steve Wilton Ph.and Sue Fletcher, Ph.D., will explore the applicability of the Company's phosphorodiamidate morpholino oligomer (PMO) technology for rare neuromuscular and diseases. As part of the collaborative agreement, Sarepta will have exclusive rights to license technology and/or products resulting from the research projects.
In 2013, we entered into an exclusive, worldwide licensing agreement with the University of Western Australia (UWA) for intellectual property rights to support the development of exon-skipping drug candidates for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD). The agreement grants us rights to UWA's extensive patent portfolio in and enables us to build out our exon-skipping pipeline with new candidates to address the majority of patients with worldwide.
SareptAssist Patient Support
SareptAssist Patient Support
Beverly Davidson, Ph.D., Director of the Raymond Perelman Center for Cellular and Molecular Therapeutics and Arthur Meigs Chair in Pediatrics, Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia; Professor in the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Davidson’s research focuses on the pathogenesis and therapy of hereditary neurogenetic diseases and the role of noncoding RNAs in neural development. She is an internationally known expert in the study of inherited neurological diseases and the development of molecular therapies. Dr. Davidson has been named a fellow by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, received the Mathilde Solowey Award, was elected to the Advisory Council for the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy and council, and was past chair of the Medical Sciences Section for the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Kenneth Fischbeck, M.D., received and degrees from Harvard University and a degree from Johns Hopkins. After a medical internship at Case Western Reserve University and a neurology residency at the University of California in San Francisco, he did postdoctoral research on muscular dystrophy at the University of Pennsylvania. In 1982, he joined the faculty in the Neurology Department at the University of Pennsylvania Medical School. In 1998, he joined the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) as Chief of the Neurogenetics Branch. He received the Cotzias Award from the American Academy of Neurology and the Jacoby Award from the American Neurological Association, and he was elected to the Institute of Medicine. His research group is identifying the causes and studying the mechanisms of hereditary neurological and neuromuscular diseases with the goal of developing effective treatment for these disorders.
Louis Kunkel, Ph.D., Past Chief of the Division of Genetics and currently a member of the Division of Genetics and Genomics, Boston Children’s Hospital. Professor of Pediatrics and Genetics, Harvard Medical School; Co-Director of the Senator Paul Wellstone Muscular Dystrophy Cooperative Research Center of Worchester MA; Investigator, 1987-2010; and Member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Dr. Kunkel is an internationally recognized geneticist with decades of experience and scientific success in the understanding of the basis for muscular dystrophies. Dr. Kunkel is responsible for the identification of the gene and encoded protein, dystrophin. He has received numerous awards and honors for scientific leadership and achievement and currently serves as the committee chair for the Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA), a committee he has been a member of for over 15 years.
Matthew Wood, M.D., Ph.D., is a Professor of Neuroscience and Deputy Head of the Medical Sciences Division at the University of Oxford, and directs the Laboratory of biology and Neuromuscular Disease. Dr. Wood is a leading pioneer in the field of oligonucleotide therapies and co-leads the International Consortium, a major international translational medicine collaboration to develop oligonucleotide treatments for and related neuromuscular conditions, with Dr. Francesco Muntoni of University College London. Sarepta’s 51 was the first oligonucleotide worked on by this Consortium. Dr. Wood is an executive member of the global alliance TREAT-Dr. Wood serves as a Director of several organizations, including the Oxford Centre for Translational Neuromuscular Science, the University of Oxford’s technology transfer organization, Oxford University Innovation, and Evox Therapeutics, a company he founded based on his work with exosomes. He currently serves as the Deputy Head of the Medical Sciences Division of the University of Oxford, and holds a Director role on the Board of MedCity.
SareptAssist Patient Support
