global leader in providing innovative, high quality steam generation and energy-related products and to the generation and processing industries, Inc. is an organization comprised of complementary, strategically assembled business units, each with its own specialized technology and skills; its own extensive experience and knowledge base; and its own rich, colorful history—many with roots reaching back a century or more.
But, whether working for you independently or together in tandem, each shares the same set of core values of safety, integrity and quality, as well as one common purpose—to provide outstanding service to every customer, and meet or exceed every expectation on every project.
That’s why the companies of operate together under the motto:
We Are Serious About Safety.
At we’re committed to the idea that our people truly all projects. Our team is our most valuable resource, generating solutions everyday to deliver safe, clean, reliable energy and environmental solutions on a global scale. We place the safety, health, and security of our people at the core of company values, and we’re driven to create a working environment that places the highest value on the welfare of the individual.
We Are Serious About Safety.
At we’re committed to the idea that our people truly all projects. Our team is our most valuable resource, generating solutions everyday to deliver safe, clean, reliable energy and environmental solutions on a global scale. We place the safety, health, and security of our people at the core of company values, and we’re driven to create a working environment that places the highest value on the welfare of the individual.
At BPI, our engineers are highly visible, well-respected leaders in the industries they serve, including coal, oil, gas, refuse, petroleum, coke, biomass and solar powered energy. They have an average of 20 years of hands-on experience in their disciplines, and they hold numerous positions on key industry and code committees including those within and We have found that this level of peer-to-peer participation helps ensure that our products and meet today’s highest standards and help drive the innovative developments of tomorrow.
At BPI, our engineers are highly visible, well-respected leaders in the industries they serve, including coal, oil, gas, refuse, petroleum, coke, biomass and solar powered energy. They have an average of 20 years of hands-on experience in their disciplines, and they hold numerous positions on key industry and code committees including those within and We have found that this level of peer-to-peer participation helps ensure that our products and meet today’s highest standards and help drive the innovative developments of tomorrow.
Ensuring the success of complex projects starts with a comprehensive project management program. dedicates considerable energy and resources to instill a philosophy of open communication, planning, and tracking throughout a project’s life cycle.
Ensuring the success of complex projects starts with a comprehensive project management program. dedicates considerable energy and resources to instill a philosophy of open communication, planning, and tracking throughout a project’s life cycle.
News & EventsOver a Century of High-Quality Pressure Parts and for All Your Boiler & Steam Generating Needs to Improve Performance and Extend Boiler Life
Nearly unique in the industry, delivers a true Buy American solution with our certified fabrication shop in Lyman, South Carolina and specialty tubing shop in Wellford, South Carolina. We maintain a huge inventory of boiler tubes, and can respond quickly to any emergency need, delivering the expertise to help get your facility back to full operation quickly in any circumstance. Whether emergency or routine, we are known for our knowledgeable, user friendly, cooperative service and long-term, ongoing partnership outlook.
With our spiral finning machine and in-house capabilities, we are able to supply a wide variety of spiral finned tubing assemblies to meet customer needs, even on an emergency basis. Tubes are available in a wide variety of diameters and wall thicknesses, and in materials including carbon, low alloy and stainless steel.
Another specialty is our capability to perform weld overlays on tubes, using a wide variety of protective alloys, providing substantial protection for tubes in high corrosion and erosion areas such as panel walls and soot blower lanes. Our unique patented weld overlay full-function robotic system features multiple torches, high reliability and repeatability for full-fusion overlay.
On behalf of our customers, maintains one of the largest and most extensive inventories of straight tubes in the United States, housed safely and conveniently in our state-of-the-art, fully computerized 700,000 cubic foot warehouse and waiting for your call. Our stock is constantly changing, so we might have what you need, ready for immediate shipment to your facility—just check the link below for today’s list, call 833-BTA-or contact btatube@boilertubes.com .
High Quality Products and For All Your Boiler & Steam Generating Needs
As a fully integrated fabricator, is uniquely qualified to work on any boiler or steam generator and collaborate with engineering to improve desired performance.
In Addition, to Help Boost the Performance and Longevity of Your Steam Generation Equipment, Delivers In-House Engineering and Capabilities Including:
You’re Backed by the Substantial Resources of BPI.
Boiler Tube Company of America is part of Inc., an international company with multiple specialized business units all working independently and together as needed to best meet customer needs. For example, might form a team with sister companies Vogt and TEiConstruction to provide a turnkey solution, including needed engineering and installation on a particular boiler project. We often call upon boiler Riley to expand our capabilities, and also use our unique Spiral Fin Tubing equipment to provide specialized tubes for sister company Vogt , the recognized experts in Heat Recovery Steam Generators (HRSGs). And, we proudly sell boiler doors , the industry’s most sophisticated boiler access solution.
Whether you need straight or in-kind tube replacement, or a solution that will help boost the performance and longevity of your boilers and related equipment, contact Boiler Tube Company of America any time.Our Core Values
At Power, our Core Values promote the highest possible practices for corporate ethics and integrity.
These Core Values embrace sustained and profitable growth while driving day-to-day decisions that center on Teamwork, Integrity and Performance.
With several of our business units serving customers for 100 years or more, the drive to maintain the highest levels of quality performance on behalf of our customers has long since been engrained into our culture. In fact, it’s one of the main reasons that we have proudly earned high volumes of repeat business from so many high quality customer companies year after year.
Everyone representing any business from the top executives to each individual at each job site understands that their main goal is to deliver what our client contracts for—consistent with all specifications, codes, standards, and delivery schedules, as well as always meeting or exceeding the highest expectations.
With all required certifications in place, as well as our recent earning of an upgraded 9001-2015 certification, we have codified our beliefs into a formal Quality Policy:
We are committed to providing Customers with quality products and that meet or exceed our Customers‘ requirements.
We are committed to ensuring our products and meet required regulatory or statutory requirements.
Customer Satisfaction and Product Quality is each employee’s responsibility and we provide resources and the environment to achieve this objective.
We are committed to continuous improvement of our products, services, and business processes.
We are dedicated to the communication and fulfillment of the Quality Policy throughout the organization.
Further, we have adopted a series of six metrics, and continually track, measure and report on our performance against each—Customer Satisfaction, Schedule Performance, On-Time Delivery, Product Performance, Cost of Poor Quality (COPQ) and Corrective Action Performance.
Maintaining a high level of safety is not just an outstanding indicator of a well-run operation, it is simply the right thing to do for any business. Throughout every business unit, we believe that we have an ethical stewardship responsibility for the well-being of every individual working at every location and at every job site, and it shows in the way we operate. For example, before even breaking ground on a site project, TEi Construction conducts a formal, detailed Job Hazard Analysis, and works to alleviate any potential threats—no matter how small—through controls, mitigation and training. It’s just one of the reasons that the group maintains an enviably low score, and, as of late 2017, has logged more than 5.6 million man hours without a lost-time accident.
At BPI, our engineers are highly visible, well-respected leaders in the industries they serve, including coal, oil, gas, refuse, petroleum, coke, biomass and solar powered energy. They have an average of 20 years of hands-on experience in their disciplines, and they hold numerous positions on key industry and code committees including those within and We have found that this level of peer-to-peer participation helps ensure that our products and meet today’s highest standards and help drive the innovative developments of tomorrow.
From computer-aided engineering and design to intelligent P&IDs and computational fluid dynamics, the diverse expertise of our engineers enables us to offer a full spectrum of value-added services. With a focus on continuous improvement, the team works toward reducing capital costs and operational and maintenance costs for our customers, while bolstering system performance and reliability.
has been providing environmental control systems to the and process industries for nearly half a century, and has provided highly efficient energy-related equipment—and helped organizations maintain high performance operation through high quality aftermarket parts and services—for decades longer still. In addition to helping our customers excel in their environmental performance, as a company, is, not surprisingly, extremely cognizant of our own environmental performance, and works to maintain the optimum level of sustainable performance in every operation. No wonder that, in addition to our outstanding Quality and Safety record, we also have had environmental and health incidents since 2009.
Mike LeClair was promoted to the role of President and of Inc. in June of 2009. Mr. LeClair has been with since its founding and an integral part of the executive management team. With a keen focus on credibility, safety and environmental sustainability, Mr. LeClair successfully built a team of dedicated professionals who together launched Inc. as a worldwide success in generation and green thinking. He started with Vogt International in 1999 as Vice President of Engineering, advanced to Chief Operating Officer of Vogt International in 2002, and in 2006 became President and of Vogt International (VPI). Mr. LeClair has more than thirty-two years of experience in the industry holding a variety of positions with major companies in the generation market including: Combustion Engineering/ABB, Tampella/Steinmüller and Kvaerner. Mr. LeClair received his in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts and his from Western New England College.
Xavier Dorai was named Chief Operating Officer of in April 2015. Previously, Mr. Dorai was President and of He joined Inc. in June 2008. With over 25 years of experience in the generation industry, Mr. Dorai is skilled in the development and implementation of strategic direction to achieve company objectives. He has held a variety of positions with Inc. (BPI) and its subsidiaries including: Chief Operating Officer of TEi; President and CEO, Babcock-Thermo Clean Combustion; Vice President Sales North America, BPI; and Vice President, Engineered Projects & Support Services, Prior to joining Mr. Dorai served as Vice President of for the Midwest and Western Regions at Foster Wheeler Group. Mr. Dorai received his degree in Finance, International Business and General Management from the Booth School of Business, University of Chicago, his degree in Mechanical Engineering from Southern Illinois University, and in Mechanical Engineering from Anna University.
Jim Dougherty joined Inc. in March 2002 as President of Environmental Inc. Mr. Dougherty applies a broad range of experience in large capital projects, project management, and plant operations in his innovative leadership style of this group. Prior to joining BPI, Mr. Dougherty was Senior Vice President of Engineering and Construction for Wheelabrator Technologies, Inc. In that capacity, he managed large retrofit projects, engineered solutions, and conducted complex contract negotiations. At Wheelabrator Technologies, Mr. Dougherty served in a variety of positions in plant operations, including the management of 16 independent plants located across the country. Mr. Dougherty is a co-inventor on four patents for plant operations. He received a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from the United States Merchant Marine Academy, Kings Point, New York.
Ed Dean joined Inc. in 2008 as Vice President, Western Region for Sales and was promoted to President of Inc. in October 2009. He has more than 35 years of experience within the industry, an extensive background in construction and project management, and has held numerous business leadership positions. Incorporating his passion for client focus into his vision for the business unit, he leverages the company’s excellent product and service portfolio to provide clients with personalized, integrated solutions. Prior to BPS, Mr. Dean served as Executive Vice President, & Construction for the Foster Wheeler Group, and led the Central Region business unit as Regional Vice President. Mr. Dean has also worked for Tampella as Director of Project Management and at Canada as Director of Project Management & Construction Services. Mr. Dean received his bachelor’s degree from California State University Long Beach.
Tom Richardson joined Inc. as President and of Thermal Engineering International (USA) Inc. (TEi) in February 2017. Tom is uniquely qualified in this role having extensive prior experience in both the Generation and Oil and Gas Industries and product expertise in heat exchangers, feedwater heaters, condensers and MSR’s. Prior to TEi, Tom was with Hoerbiger Service Inc., a leading Engineering Compression company in the Oil and Gas industry where he served as President of their Canadian operations. Prior to Hoerbiger, Tom served as VP, Service for Senvion, managing wind O&contracts and taking the business from approximately 500under contract in the to over 1installed base in each of the and Canada. Tom also spent over 15 years with Alstom in various roles of increasing responsibility. Having led the heat exchanger operations based in France; Tom then moved to the to become VP, then President of their Heat Exchange Division. He then moved to Asia to manage the region for Alstom Transport. Tom then returned to the with Alstom to lead their thermal service business as Vice President West and Mexico and Vice President, Environmental Service Operations.
Christopher Turner was promoted to President & of Vogt International Inc. in December of 2017. In this role, Mr. Turner will be the guiding force in the company’s global strategy with a strong focus on driving global strength. During his 12-year tenure at Vogt, Mr. Turner has proven to be a visionary leader with unique execution abilities. Coupled with his engineering and business experience, it makes Mr. Turner uniquely qualified to lead each phase of the company’s growth and success. Mr. Turner previously served as Vice President of Engineering and was responsible for all technical aspects of Vogt product design and development. He started at Vogt in 2008 as Account Manager in Louisville, Kentucky and went on to hold various leadership positions including Vice President of Sales & Marketing and Director of Operations. Mr. Turner has earned a Bachelor of Science from the University of Kentucky College of Engineering and holds an from Bellarmine University.
Tony Brandano, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Inc., joined the company in 2001 and was a key member of the executive team when the company was founded in November 2002. Since its inception, he has led the company’s financial operations including bank financing and surety renewals. Previously, Mr. Brandano’s responsibilities included worldwide financial reporting and audit coordination for Capital Corporation and its affiliates. Prior to joining Inc., Mr. Brandano acquired extensive experience working with several publicly traded companies, including Vice President of Finance at Palomar Medical Technologies (NASDAQ: PMTI); Vice President of Finance and CFO, respectively, at NaviSite (NASDAQ: NAVI) and iCast, both subsidiaries of the Group (NASDAQ: CMGI). Mr. Brandano began his career at Arthur Andersen in Boston where he became a Senior Manager in the High Technology practice and was involved in a number of public offerings. He is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a in Accounting from Merrimack College, North Andover, Massachusetts.
William Ferguson, Jr. joined Inc. in September 2007 and is the Executive Vice President – Administration, General Counsel and Secretary of Inc. Prior to joining Power, Mr. Ferguson was a partner in the law firm of McCarter & English He previously was the Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel of Raytheon Engineers & Constructors International, Inc. Before joining Raytheon, Mr. Ferguson practiced engineering and construction law as a partner at Gadsby & Hannah in Boston, Massachusetts, and as a partner in the McLean, Virginia office of Watt, Tieder, Killian & Hoffar. Mr. Ferguson holds a Bachelor of Engineering Science degree in Electrical Engineering from The Johns Hopkins University and a Juris Doctor degree from Boston College Law School.
John Heffernan joined Power, Inc. in 2011 as Executive Vice President and Chief Officer of Inc., where he is responsible for all aspects of the function including performance management, training, organizational development, benefits and wellness initiatives, employee relations, compensation systems, employer branding, and talent acquisition. With proven effective leadership skills, Mr. Heffernan aligns to support the operational plans and competitive strategies of Mr. Heffernan joined after serving at specialty chemicals manufacturer Rhodia, Inc. where he held various key leadership positions including Director of Global Human Resources and, most recently, Vice President of Human Resources for North America. Mr. Heffernan received his Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, from Ramapo College of New Jersey.
Harding was promoted to the role of Vice President Strategic Operations of Inc. in June of 2012. Mr. Harding plays a key role in helping to expand Inc.’s market and market share both domestically and internationally. He is responsible for overseeing market analysis, strategic planning including mergers and acquisitions. Strategic Operations will follow and evaluate market trends, competition, new markets and new technologies. Mr. Harding joined Inc. in 2010 as Manager of Strategic Operations with experience in investment banking and investment management. He came to Inc. from Sirios Capital Management, a Boston hedge fund, where he analyzed the electric utility, energy and healthcare industry sectors. Mr. Harding has an undergraduate degree from Brown University in International Relations and Business Management. In addition, he received his from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.
