– United States
At BASF, we create chemistry for a sustainable future. We combine economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility. Through science and innovation we enable our customers in nearly every industry to meet the current and future needs of society.
Find detailed information about our products and solutions as well as direct product contacts for North America.
Need to speak to someone about a product or reach one of our sites? Have a question or a comment?
Alliance to End Plastic Waste
co-founded a global alliance of nearly 30 companies to advance solutions that reduce and eliminate plastic waste in the environment, especially in the ocean.
Our portfolio ranges from oil and gas to chemicals, plastics, performance products, agricultural products and fine chemicals.
Need to speak to someone about a product or reach one of our sites? Have a question or a comment?
Visit our website for information on the share and an overview of the Group.
From plastic waste to new chemical products: the ChemCycling project.
United States
United States
United States
Corporation is the largest affiliate of and the second largest producer and marketer of chemicals and related products in North America.
Corporation, headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey, is the North American affiliate of SE, Ludwigshafen, Germany. has more than 18,200 employees in North America, and had sales of $17.9 billion in 2017. Key industries we serve include chemicals, automotive, agriculture, construction, personal care, health and nutrition, packaging and consumer products. The company has more than 100 production and research and development sites throughout North America and operates Verbund sites in Geismar, Louisiana, and Freeport, Texas.
The annual "in North America" report is an integrated report on our economic, environmental and social performance in the region.
Find news releases and spokespersons who can answer inquiries from the media.
In this section you can find news releases, photos and footage, publications and podcasts as well as information about our media events. spokespersons are happy to answer your media inquiries quickly and directly. 
We published BASF’s new strategy on November 20, 2018.
Quarterly Statement 3rd Quarter 2018
We have published our Quarterly Statement 3rd Quarter 2018 on October 26, 2018, at 7 a.m. (CEST).
Stay updated and receive our news releases via e-mail.
Find the latest photo highlights of 
Half-year Financial Report 2018
before special items 2017
Approximate research projects in 2017
Employees as of December 31, 2017
Cross Industry Solutions
Reports & Fact Sheets
Connecting the Dots®
Data protection
The world needs us and we need you! 
We create chemistry for a sustainable future and we are already looking for the answers to tomorrow's questions today. Chemical innovations play a key role as they make a crucial contribution, above and beyond existing solutions and to virtually all industry sectors.
The world needs us and we need you! 
At BASF, we believe that people are the key to our long-term success and that talent is in everyone. That’s why we empower our employees with the tools, guidance and opportunities they need to advance and succeed in work and life. Giving you the support you need to be your best and fulfill your personal ambitions is what helps us create chemistry. After all, our success is linked to yours. Whatever path you envision, is a great place to build a rewarding, successful career. Come create chemistry with us!
We are excited you are considering as an employer of choice!
Who we are and what you'll get
We are the world’s leading chemical company, with the best teams developing intelligent solutions.
See where you can meet us in person at career fairs and events.
Corporation, headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey, is the North American affiliate of SE, Ludwigshafen, Germany. has more than 18,200 employees in North America, and had sales of $17.9 billion in 2017.
At BASF, we create chemistry for a sustainable future. We combine economic success with environmental protection and social responsibility. The more than 115,000 employees in the Group work on contributing to the success of our customers in nearly all sectors and almost every country in the world. Our portfolio is organized into five segments: Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions and Oil & Gas. generated sales of €64.5 billion in 2017. shares are traded on the stock exchanges in Frankfurt (BAS), London (BFA) and Zurich (BAS).
Meeting the needs of society
Chemistry is an enabler for new ideas and solutions.
Our Corporate Strategy is the framework for driving our company’s success.
Creating Chemistry Magazine
In our online magazine you can read about the topics that are affecting our world today and will impact the future.
strong and transparent corporate governance is essential to us. Find out about our North American leadership.
Our commitment to a sustainable future includes creating chemistry in the communities in which we live and work.
operates more than 100 production and research and development sites throughout North America.
Our matrix organization combines the strengths of global, regional and operational units.
We create chemistry for a sustainable future
We want to contribute to a world that provides a viable future with enhanced quality of life for everyone. Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. 
United States
United States
United States
In this area you can find photos and footage, reports, podcasts, publications, press kits and the logo for download.
Search for selected photos on corporate topics  
Discover our current footage and reports on corporate topics
Spot BASF’s videos on exciting topics from the world of chemistry
Listen to our Chemical Reporter about Chemistry in our everyday life
Cross Industry Solutions
Reports & Fact Sheets
Connecting the Dots®
Data protection
United States
United States
United States
Looking for Global news releases? Please 
visit our global site
Turf, Ornamentals & Landscape (0)
Automotive & Transportation (0)
Aviation, Aerospace (0)
Electronics & Electrics (0)
Energy & Resources (0)
Gas treatment (0)
Photovoltaics (0)
Furniture & Wood (0)
Boards & Panels (0)
Plastic decor foils (0)
Home Care and I&Cleaning (0)
Animal nutrition (0)
Industrial coatings (0)
Automotive & Transportation Coatings (0)
Personal Care & Hygiene (0)
APIs & Raw Materials (0)
Performance Polymers (0)
Plastic Additives & Pigments (0)
Performance Polymers (0)
Textile, Leather & Footwear (0)
Energy management (0)
Polymer Physics (0)
Research & Development (0)
White Biotechnology (0)
Acquisitions Joint Ventures (0)
Board of Executive Directors (0)
Investor Ad hoc Releases (0)
Energy management (0)
Functional Materials & Solutions (0)
Nanotechnology (0)
Plant biotechnology (0)
Polymer Physics (0)
Research & Development (0)
White Biotechnology (0)
Cross Industry Solutions
Reports & Fact Sheets
Connecting the Dots®
Data protection
Innovation in North America
Our Research
At BASF, around 10,000 employees worldwide work in research and development on innovations for the chemical industry.
Chemistry as a cross-sectional technology plays a key role in addressing future challenges, because innovations in the field of chemistry provide answers to exactly those questions that will concern humanity in the future: raw materials, environment and climate, food and nutrition, and quality of life.
Our Innovations at is one of the world's most innovative companies. Innovations are our wellspring and our driving force. With our products and processes, we provide sustainable solutions for global challenges.
Our Way to Innovations
For BASF, innovation is the key to successfully standing out from the crowd in a challenging market environment. Our innovative strength is based on our global team of highly qualified employees with various specializations.Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. Learn more
Our Commitments along the Value Chain 
We want to contribute to a world that provides a viable future with enhanced quality of life for everyone. We do so by creating chemistry for our customers and society and by making the best use of available resources. We live our corporate purpose “We create chemistry for a sustainable future” by
Sourcing and producing responsibly,
Acting as a fair and reliable partner,
Connecting creative minds to find the best solutions for market needs.
For us, this is what successful business is all about.
Subscribe to our quarterly Sustainability Newsletter.
shares are particularly attractive for investors, who incorporate environmental, social and governance criteria into their investment decision. By fully integrating sustainability into our strategic decision making, we will be able to generate many new business opportunities.
has a solid history of success in the area of environmental protection. We will continue to work to protect people and the environment.
Employees and Society
Our employees are fundamental for achieving the goals of our “We create chemistry” strategy.
Read all news around the topic of sustainability at BASF; featuring current stories from all regions, news releases, event announcements and further links.
Strategy and Goals
We aim to add value in the long term for our company, the environment and society. Sustainability is at the core of what we do, a driver for growth as well as an element of our risk management.
For example, we have defined sustainability focus areas within our corporate strategy. These formulate the commitments with which positions itself in the market and how it aims to meet the growing challenges along the value chain:
We source responsibly
We drive sustainable products and solutions
In our integrated corporate report, that documents the company’s economic, environmental and social performance, we inform shareholders and the interested public about the past business year.
The interplay between financial and nonfinancial figures can be seen in a graphic modeled on the framework of the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC). Entitled “How we create value,” this chart illustrates how creates long-term value for the company, the environment and for society.Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies. 
Dr. Martin Brudermüller
 Chairman of the Board of Executive Directors
Dr. Hans-Ulrich Engel
 Chief Financial Officer
Anke Schmidt
 Corporate Communications & Government Relations
Cross Industry Solutions
Data protection
Share and ADRs
Cross Industry Solutions
Data protection
United States
From plastic waste to new chemical products
Plastics do have proven benefits during their use phase – for example preservation of food loss, lightweight construction of vehicles and building insulation. Plastic waste, however, and in particular plastic waste in the context of marine littering, is perceived as a major global challenge. There is also increasing regulatory pressure regarding recycling quota and recyclability on the one hand and strong commitments of our customers towards increasing the share of recycled material in their offerings on the other hand. Solving these challenges requires innovation and joint efforts globally across the value chain. We will contribute to tackling this is
Since mechanical recycling is limited because of an increase of residues in the material in each cycle, a team across has taken up this challenge and developed the ChemCycling project. With chemical recycling, fossil resources for chemical production can be replaced with recycled material from plastic waste. How does it work? Plastic waste will be transformed into a raw material using thermochemical processes. The raw material can be fed into the Verbund to create new chemical products with excellent product performance based on recycled plastic waste.
Factsheet "ChemCycling"
We help the market to make materials recyclable which could not be recycled so far – for example, multi-layer or plastics with residues. This contributes to achieving recycling targets efficiently. Chemical recycling can help reduce the proportion of plastic waste which ends up in landfill or incineration. However, thermochemical recycling needs acceptance as recycling from market and regulators. There are many open questions with regards to technology, economy and regulation. We closely engage with the relevant stakeholders to tackle these challenges.
With eco-efficiency analysis we ensure that the innovative approach creates value for the environment. Moreover, chemical recycling represents an exciting business opportunity for us and our customers, as the resulting products are of equal quality to the products derived from fossil feedstock. We are currently working with customers to produce the first prototypes for customer products with chemically recycled material.  
