Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
Shire is now part of Takeda
The global leader in rare diseases is now part of Takeda, a leading biopharmaceutical company bringing better health and a brighter future to people worldwide.
Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
Shire is now part of Takeda.
Takeda is a global, values-based, R&D-driven biopharmaceutical leader headquartered in Japan, committed to bringing Better Health and a Brighter Future to patients by translating science into highly-innovative medicines. Takeda focuses its R&efforts on four therapeutic areas: Oncology, Gastroenterology (GI), Neuroscience and Rare Diseases. We also make targeted R&investments in Plasma-Derived Therapies and Vaccines. We are focusing on developing highly innovative medicines that contribute to making a difference in people's lives by advancing the frontier of new treatment options and leveraging our enhanced collaborative R&engine and capabilities to create a robust, modality-diverse pipeline. Our employees are committed to improving quality of life for patients and to working with our partners in health care in approximately 80 countries and regions.
We are committed to sound corporate governance principles, practices, and policies. 
Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
Taking an ethical and responsible approach in the best interest of our patients informs everything we do. From business development activities, to transparency around funding decisions, our approach prioritizes serving patients and creating enduring value for our stakeholders.
Learn more about Shire’s policies and positions on important issues. 
We hold our partners and suppliers to the highest ethical standards. 
Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
Serving patients and partnering with healthcare communities in over 100 countries, we strive to be part of the entire patient journey to enable earlier diagnosis, raise standards of care, accelerate access to treatment and support patients. Our diverse portfolio of therapeutic areas includes Immunology, Hematology, Genetic Diseases, Neuroscience, Internal Medicine, and Ophthalmics.
Shire has deep expertise and established leadership in rare hematology, with the longest heritage championing people living with hematological diseases. We offer a best-in-class portfolio of therapies with proven efficacy and established safety, driving personalized care and transformational therapies for patients who truly need them.
We are relentless in our pursuit of a world without bleeds. Beyond delivering new medicines, we are dedicated in our efforts to encourage early diagnosis and propel patients towards optimal personalized care, and help them remain on the right therapy with the goal of achieving the best possible long-term outcomes.
At Shire, we are investigating important scientific platforms, such as antibody and gene therapy, so that we are best positioned to discover innovative therapies tomorrow—while ensuring patients are cared for with use of our broad portfolio today.
We’re committed to caring for patients with bleeding disorders including:
Hemophilia is an inherited bleeding disorder that mostly affects males. People with hemophilia lack or have low levels of certain proteins called clotting factors, so their blood doesn’t clot properly. Over 400,000 people worldwide are living with hemophilia.
Von Willebrand Disease (VWD), the most common hereditary bleeding disorder, is caused by deficiency or dysfunction of the von Willebrand factor (VWF) where a solid clot can’t form or takes longer to form, resulting in prolonged bleeding.1 occurs in approximately 1% of the world’s population, including as many as 3.2 million people in the alone.2 9 out of 10 people with have not been diagnosed.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
At Shire, our mission is to be champions for people around the world who are struggling with rare diseases. When it comes to rare and immune-mediated conditions, we serve individuals with these diseases and the physicians who treat them by providing therapies and services that can be tailored to each person’s unique needs–even as these needs change across the patient journey.
While each disease is different, the expectations of the individuals who live with them are similar. Shire’s strength in immunology is built on deep expertise in delivering complex therapies for a variety of conditions. To deliver on our promise as a rare champion, Shire’s goal is to provide:
Intelligent, adaptable treatments  that help  manage, and prevent serious conditions, supported by services that support these individuals in using the best therapy for them, and adjusting their approach as needs change. In hereditary angioedema (HAE), we help give patients the freedom to live their lives, aided by patient services and next-generation therapies that improve their treatment experience.
Ongoing progress that delivers new treatments and explores new ways of receiving them to continually advance the standard of care from symptom management to preventative therapies, as we work toward the ultimate goal of a cure. We offer the broadest immunoglobulin (IG) portfolio, and aspire to provide an intelligent set of flexible options to meet each patient’s need for effective care that fits their lives and improves the overall patient treatment experience. We also offer a broad biotherapeutic portfolio of products including Alpha-1, Albumin, Protein C, and pddesigned to meet the needs of patients in both the hospital and at-home setting.
Manufacturing expertise to confidently manage the end-to-end challenges of developing complex therapies, including those created from human plasma, from securing donations through to delivering treatment.
We support patients with immune-mediated conditions including:
Alpha-1 Antitrypsin Deficiency (or Alpha-1 deficiency) is a hereditary condition that results in reduced levels of alpha-1 antitrypsin (AAT) protein in the blood and lungs. This protein, which is made mostly in the liver, helps protect lung tissue from chemicals released by white blood cells.1 People with low levels of protein are at higher risk for developing lung diseases such as emphysema.
Hereditary Angioedema (HAE) is a rare disease that causes unexpected edema (swelling) in various parts of the body including extremities, the gastrointestinal tract, and upper airways. Depending on the severity of the disease, some people may have many attacks each month, while others will go months without an attack.
Primary immunodeficiency (PI) is a group of nearly 300 rare diseases wherein part of the immune system is missing or not functioning properly2,3. People with may be more susceptible to illness, take longer to recover and have recurring infections4, such as sinusitis, bronchitis, pneumonia, or gastrointestinal infections5. Physicians sometimes treat the infections while missing the underlying cause, leaving patients vulnerable to vital organ damage, physical disability, or even increased mortality risk6,7.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
At Shire, we believe that eye health is an important component of overall health and well-being at every stage of life.
We bring our unique and specialized disease expertise to treating conditions of the eye. Our commitment to providing potential therapies in ophthalmology stems from the same focus that drives our discovery, development, and delivery of new treatments for each of our therapeutic areas: patient need.
At the moment, we are particularly committed to dry eye disease, and have compounds at various stages of development for glaucoma, and infectious conjunctivitis. But we have a strong desire to expand in the near term, from conditions that affect the front of the eye to those that affect the back of the eye. We are engaged across the entire ophthalmology community and listen to patients and professionals as we evaluate more opportunities to advance progress in eye health.
Dry eye disease is a prevalent, multifactorial, and often chronic disease of the ocular surface.1,2 It is one of the most common conditions with which patients present to eye care professionals.1 Estimates suggest that between 5% and 50% of adults across the world could be suffering with dry eye disease, either with our without symptoms.2,3 Dry eye disease is most commonly associated with eye dryness and overall eye discomfort, and may also include a feeling of stinging or burning in the eyes, or episodes of fluctuating blurry vision.1
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
LeaveFor more than two decades, Shire has demonstrated leadership in neuroscience through helping more patients, progressing our pipeline, and expanding into additional conditions. Misunderstanding of conditions like Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), Binge Eating Disorder (B.E.D.), and epilepsy is widespread, which can add to the unique challenges people living with these conditions are already facing. Building awareness and understanding can remove some of the additional obstacles these people may encounter.
We’ve built relationships with patient advocacy groups and organizations globally, and regularly share our expertise with physicians, patients, caregivers, and policymakers to raise awareness and broaden understanding of these conditions worldwide. We are also committed to helping combat the misuse, abuse, and diversion of medicines.
Our neuroscience division currently champions for the patients, parents, caregivers, and physicians who are touched by:
Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder that manifests as a persistent pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with functioning or development. It is a diverse condition that can have a significant impact on patients’ lives.5,6 is relatively common and often persists into adulthood.7,8,9,10 Only a trained healthcare professional can diagnose ADHD.
Once thought of as a childhood problem, persists into adulthood in 50-60% of people diagnosed as a child11,12,13,14 and affects around one in 30 (3.4%) adults worldwide.14
Binge Eating Disorder, or B.E.D., is a distinct medical condition recognized by the American Psychiatric Association.1 In the U.S., it’s more common than anorexia and bulimia combined,2,3* affecting an estimated 2.8 million adults.2,4† Although affects both men and women,2 research shows that twice as many women are affected.
Epilepsy is a condition characterized by recurrent epileptic seizures that aren’t provoked by an immediate identifiable cause.
       *   Estimated 12-month and lifetime prevalence based on a national survey of Adults at least 18 years of age
       †  Estimated 12-month prevalence in a survey of adults at least 18 years of age, extrapolated to the full U.S.
   population at least 18 years of age
American Psychiatric Association. Binge-eating disorder. In: Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. 5th ed. Arlington, VA: American Psychiatric Association; 2013:350-353.
American Psychiatric Association. Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition. eds. 2013.
World Health Organization. The ICD-10 Classification of Mental and Behavioural Disorders. Available at:www.who.int/entity/classifications/icd/en/bluebook.pdf. Last updated 1993; 1: 1-263. Accessed September 2017.
Faraone SV, Biederman J, Mick The age-dependent decline of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a meta-analysis of follow-up studies. Psychol Med 2006; 36: 159-165.
Lara C, et al. Childhood Predictors of Adult Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: Results From The World Health Organization World Mental Health Survey Initiative. Biological Psychiatry 2009; 65:46-54.
Faraone SV, et al. The Age-Dependent Decline of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder: Meta-Analysis of Follow-Up Studies. Psychological Medicine 2006; 36:159-165.
Barklay RA, et al. The Persistence of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder into Young Adulthood as Function of Reporting Source and Definition of Disorder. Journal of Abnormal Psychology 2002; 111:279-289.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
We are constantly seeking out new innovation opportunities through strategic partnerships, acquisitions and licenses. We strive to bolster our core therapeutic areas and expand into high-value adjacent therapeutic areas to create the most value for our patients, partners and Shire.
We are and will continue to strive to be the partner of choice for companies seeking to develop and commercialize innovative therapies for rare diseases.
Within the rare disease space, we have identified eight focus areas where we have existing or developing domain expertise.
*In these areas, we are also interested in non-orphan later stage opportunities (i.e., post proof of concept).
Our robust pipeline combined with our patient-centric, entrepreneurial culture and collaborative approach will be the engine of future innovation and development of the next generation of therapies. We have a history of successful collaborations and highly flexible deal structures with our partners.  We remain committed to finding opportunities that can take our scientific savvy in small molecules and biologics and innovative work in rare diseases, neuroscience, gastrointestinal, hematology, immunology and ophthalmology to the next level. We are also interested in existing and emerging therapeutic technologies (e.g., small molecules, recombinant proteins, antibodies, gene therapies, gene editing).  Shire’s global infrastructure makes us an agile partner, entrepreneurial in spirit and expert at collaboration. Through it all, we remain patient-focused, and absolutely committed to forging meaningful relationships with patient advocates and policy makers. To learn more about building a partnership with us, please 
There are an estimated 350 million people around the world living with a rare disease with 80% genetic in origin.1 This is an immense challenge that can seem insurmountable, but at Shire, we meet it head on by committing ourselves fully to the fight against these challenging conditions.
Rare genetic diseases can have symptoms that vary widely and progress very differently from person to person, which means that people affected by these diseases are frequently misdiagnosed.
We have a strong legacy in developing therapies for lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs), with a portfolio that includes commercial products, late-stage investigational therapies, and pipeline candidates, as well as a robust R&program.
We empower global education and awareness, and partner with other medical and research organizations—continuously working to reduce the amount of time between the onset of symptoms and diagnosis, and accelerate the development of innovative new treatments.
Genetic diseases in our focus:
Fabry disease is a lysosomal storage disorder (LSD) that interferes with the body's ability to break down a specific fatty substance (globotriaosylceramide or Gb3). It affects an estimated 8,000 to 10,000 people worldwide, including both males and females.
Type 1 Gaucher disease is a rare, inherited metabolic condition, and the most common of a family of rare diseases known as lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs). It affects approximately 1 in 100,000 people in the general population, and 1 in 855 people in the Ashkenazi Jewish community.2 Patients with type 1 Gaucher disease may experience varying symptoms and degrees of disease severity, making it difficult to diagnose.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
LeaveOur knowledge and experience extends to highly specialized conditions in internal medicine. We’re deeply committed to supporting patients with conditions like hypoparathyroidism, ulcerative colitis, and short bowel syndrome on their treatment journey.
In 2016, Shire was granted breakthrough therapy designation for two rare disease treatments for rare gastrointestinal conditions, allowing us to bring clinical advancements to patients.
We champion patients by offering personalized support that includes financial assistance and training programs. We also partner with online communities where people can go for help to learn more about their medical condition and share experiences with other patients and with the community. Becoming part of an extensive online network can provide support and reassurance that there are people who have had similar experiences.
Our focus areas within internal medicine includes:
Hypoparathyroidism
Hypoparathyroidism is a rare, complex condition where the parathyroid glands are either absent or damaged and can’t produce sufficient amounts of parathyroid hormone. People with hypoparathyroidism are at risk from hypocalcemia (low blood calcium) and other chemical imbalances that must be carefully managed to help reduce the risk of serious short- and long-term health problems.1,2 Estimates suggest that chronic hypoparathyroidism affects approximately 60,000-115,000 patients in the U.S.3
Ulcerative Colitis (UC) is a type of inflammatory bowel disease that affects men and women equally, and it is thought to affect 120 to 200 per 100,000 people throughout the western world.4 The precise cause is unknown.
Short bowel syndrome, also known as SBS, is a rare, serious, and chronic malabsorption condition where patients are unable to absorb enough nutrients and fluids from the food they eat due to the surgical removal of a large part of the intestines. Characterized by diarrhea, dehydration and electrolyte disturbances, is typically the result of chronic malabsorption following the removal of a large part of the intestines (a bowel resection).5-7
Shoback Hypoparathyroidism. Engl Med 359;4. 2008.
National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. Short Bowel Syndrome. National Institutes of Health website. https://www.niddk.nih.gov/health-information/digestive-diseases/short-bowel-syndrome . Accessed January 25, 2017.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
These are our policies and position statements. Our high standards are good for business, as well as our patients. 
California Transparency in the Supply Chain Act
Investigator Initiated Research (IIR)
Shire has a long history of supporting patient advocacy organizations. We work hand in hand with patient advocacy organizations to focus our efforts on the following imperatives: 
Making a difference and bringing value to patients, patient organizations and Shire
Fostering and sustaining relationships with patient advocacy organizations 
Championing the patient voice within Shire
Being transparent in communications and business practices
Working together to positively impact the healthcare environment 
Our Patient Advocacy team acts as a voice within Shire, helping colleagues better understand a patient’s unique needs, and ensuring the patient perspective is always represented. In doing so, our patient advocates help their colleagues truly understand the burden of disease – the emotional, financial and day-to-day challenges that patients, caregivers, and families encounter. 
We partner with patient advocacy organizations to support patient communities in a number of ways -- from disease education, to clinical trial awareness, to representing Shire in patient conferences. More than anything, we are working together to forge opportunities for better care, and to make a difference in the lives of patients and caregivers. 
We are improving access to trials for potentially life-changing medicines.
We are committed to leading the way in adopting and applying the highest standards of good governance, ethics and transparency in our industry.
Collaborative work between healthcare professionals and commercial life sciences organizations has long been a positive driver for advancements in patient care and progression of innovative medicine.
Shire’s goal is to reinforce the authentic relationship between pharmaceutical companies and healthcare professionals, by supporting the principles of transparency and disclosing our annual payments as directed by the and local disclosure codes.To view our reports please click here .
Patient Groups – or patient advocacy groups and patient organizations – are important partners for Shire. Our aim is to forge trusting, mutually-beneficial relationships with patient groups.  To build and maintain this trust, we are committed to understanding and addressing unmet needs in the patient community.
We support patient organizations in our therapeutic areas through sponsorships, grants and donations.
To view our Patient Group Reports, please click here .
Shire provides funding in the form of unrestricted educational grants to support independent medical education activities for healthcare professionals.
Shire makes charitable donations (to include both cash and in-kind giving) to local, national and international organizations that support Shire’s communities and/or diseases in its therapeutic focus area.
Below are several disclosure reports of funding provided by Shire.
Given differences in the timing between CMS’ Open Payments public disclosure and the Transparency reports posted by Shire, there may be slight differences between the two reports.  Any inquiries should be directed to shirehealthpartnerships@shire.com .
The Shire patient advocacy team works to make a real difference in the lives of patients.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
Managing the environmental and social impacts of our operations, products, manufacturing, and sourcing is an important part of our commitment. We work with business partners, contractors, and suppliers to ensure the products we deliver are safe, effective, and of the highest quality.  Operating responsibly and using resources efficiently involves setting and living up to exacting standards, and supporting our partners and suppliers in doing the same.
We’re committed to partnering with our suppliers and making positive changes along our value chain by encouraging our business partners, suppliers, and contractors to adopt responsible and sustainable practices.
We view our suppliers as business partners with expertise, assets and capabilities that can be used to enable improvements in efficiency, effectiveness and business continuity to bring life-changing therapies to underserved patients.
We continue to strive to be an advocate in sustainability initiatives within its organization as well as support a sustainable supply chain to meet its core objectives and assure access of products to patients. Shire continues to review its supplier selection criteria to include a number of factors including, but not limited to, environmental, social and economic elements.
As you are aware, the Shire and Takeda Boards have agreed to an offer whereby Takeda would acquire Shire, pending regulatory and shareholder approval, in the first half of 2019.  While changes to our procurement process may take place in the future, please be assured we will provide clear communication regarding any new processes and brand transitions, should they occur.  In the meantime, we wanted to take this opportunity to remind you to be vigilant in reviewing suspicious purchase orders or requests for quotations that appear to come from Shire.
While we know your company has its own guidelines and processes to identify fraudulent activity, below are some common traits of fraudulent purchase order communications, which may help your company identify such activity.  Please note this is not an exhaustive list of the traits of potential purchase order fraud. There are incorrect domain names on websites, e-mails or purchase orders.
The sender's email address does not reflect Shire’s email address structure, such as shire@gmail.com or jones@shire-co.uk.  Authentic emails from Shire end in “shire.com”.
The message includes phone number(s) not associated with Shire and the phone number is not answered by a live person.
The message is poorly written with misspellings, grammatical errors and awkward sentence structure.
The message requests shipment or delivery of products to an address not affiliated with Shire or to an address that does not match the address on the purchase order.  These addresses may be for a residence, self-storage facility or third-party shipper.
The purchase order may be for unusually large quantities of merchandise or a high dollar value and/or specify shipment via priority or overnight shipping service.
If you do not recognize the Shire contact name or business address on a solicitation or request for quotation, please forward the email to Shire Procurement at Procurement.Comms@shire.com .   If you receive a suspicious purchase order, please contact poprocessing@shire.com .
Shire values strong relationships with our supplies and sincerely thanks you for your attention to this matter.
While our Shire policies and processes are broadly the same across the globe, each of our global regions may operate slightly different procedures for registering and paying our suppliers.  Please follow the links below to our regional information.
Shire is now part of Takeda
Shire Plc is now part of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd. Select to learn more about Takeda.
How can we do more for our patients?
Everything at Takeda starts with this question.
We will become a global, values-based, R&D-driven, biopharmaceutical leader
The Key Elements at the Heart of Our Innovation
Medicine for the World
Shared Knowledge for a Better Life for All
Takeda is committed to creating corporate value by developing outstanding pharmaceutical products and conducting corporate citizenship activities.
What can we do together 
Leaders in Global Health Interview Series: Dr. Raj Panjabi, CEO, Last Mile Health
Partnership-driven Approach to SDGs
Takeda strives for Better Health and a Brighter Future for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine, actively working together with the global community. Our efforts align with the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Disease Prevention for Better Health through our Global Program
Employee votes determine our global programs, focused on disease prevention for better health in developing and emerging countries.
Three new programs for FY2018 have been selected.
Takeda’s activities are founded on our long-standing dedication to the improvement of people’s lives through innovative approaches to disease prevention. We establish long-term relationships with partners locally and globally, leveraging our resources to bring a brighter future to communities worldwide.
・Our Stories: Shared Knowledge for a Better Life for All
January 22, 2019   Takeda Recognized as a Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporation for Fourth Consecutive Year
Takeda Selected by the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index for the 9th Consecutive Year
Takeda's management mission is to "strive towards better health for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine." In line with this mission, Takeda is working to establish a management framework befitting a world-class pharmaceutical company that operates on a global scale. We are strengthening internal controls, including rigorous compliance and risk management, and establishing a structure to facilitate rapid decision-making that is sound and transparent. Through these initiatives, we will further enhance our corporate governance, thereby maximizing corporate value.
At Takeda, the Board of Directors determines the fundamental policies for the Group, and management and business operations are then conducted in accordance with their decisions. Transparency of the Board of Directors is achieved through audits conducted by Audit and Supervisory Committee. Moreover, as management tasks continue to diversify, the company shall establish Takeda Executive Team that consists of members who manage and supervise each function of Takeda Group under President and Chief Executive Officer, and also establish Business Review Committee (which is responsible for general management matters), Portfolio Review Committee (which is responsible for R&and products related matters), and Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee (which is responsible for internal audit, risk management and compliance matters) that review important matters to ensure systems whereby faster and more flexible work execution and deeper cooperation among the various functions take place.
Schematic Diagram of Takeda's Corporate Governance System, Including the Internal Control System
Takeda has given its Board of Directors the primary functions of observing and overseeing business execution as well as decision-making for strategic or particularly important matters regarding company management. The Board of Directors consists of 12 Directors (including 1 female), 8 Japanese and 4 non-Japanese, including 8 Outside Directors, and meets in principle 8th per year to make resolutions and receive reports on important matters regarding management.
Furthermore, Takeda has a Nomination Committee and a Compensation Committee as advisory committees of the board. The Nomination Committee consists of 1 Outside Director as a Chairman, 2 Outside Directors and 1 Internal Director, and the Compensation Committee consists of 1 Outside Director as a Chairman, 1 Outside Director and 1 internal Director. Together, the committees serve to ensure transparency and objectivity in decision-making processes and results relating to personnel matters for internal directors (appropriate standards and procedures for appointment and reappointment, and having and administering appropriate succession plans) and to the compensation system (appropriate levels of compensation for the directors, appropriate performance targets within the director bonus system, and appropriate bonuses based on business results).
With respects to all risk factors including major potential risk for the Company, the person(s) in charge of each function shall control and manage such risk factors in each area under his/her charge using qualitative and quantitative criteria in designing and implementing mid-range and annual plans, and shall take all necessary measures or remedies available to avoid and minimize such risk factors, depending on the degree and content of the risk the Company is exposed to, in compliance with the countermeasures to cope therewith and any contingency plans. 
Takeda is a "Company with Audit and Supervisory Committee" as defined in Japan's Companies Act. Audit and Supervisory Committee consists of 1 Outside Director as a Chairman, 2 Outside Directors and 1 Internal Director. The Audit and Supervisory Committee closely cooperates with divisions responsible for the internal control function such as compliance, risk management and accounting/finance, etc. and utilize information from the Division to enable effective audits and supervision by the Audit and Supervisory Committee. In addition, & Co. serves as the accounting auditor.
How can we do more for our patients?
Everything at Takeda starts with this question.
We will become a global, values-based, R&D-driven, biopharmaceutical leader
The Key Elements at the Heart of Our Innovation
Medicine for the World
Shared Knowledge for a Better Life for All
Takeda is committed to creating corporate value by developing outstanding pharmaceutical products and conducting corporate citizenship activities.
The Takeda leadership team’s mission is to lead change with strategy development and execution that creates a secure path to the future and keeps the patient at the center so we can contribute to patient needs worldwide.
Corporate Strategy Officer & Chief of Staff
Chair of the Board Meeting
