& Prevent Unsightly Overflows with
University of Florida Works to Reach
its Goal of Zero Waste by 2020 with
Bigtransforms public space waste management with a cloud-connected system. Stations communicate real-time status to an actionable web-based software. Communities benefit from optimized & streamlined operations, beautified public spaces & reduced carbon footprint.
Stations are densely installed across public spaces to capture pedestrian waste & recycling exactly where the people are and keep communities clean. Cities can take advantage of shared space in the smart waste stations to deploy other technologies without adding clutter in dense urban areas.
Our core infrastructure has a proven form factor and provides a multi-purpose platform capable of hosting smart city technologies and wireless equipment in plain sight and out of the public eye. City-wide deployments enhance the urban experience without negative aesthetic impact.
Communities and solution providers share the challenge of how and where to deploy smart solutions and communications infrastructure in the public right-of-way without additional clutter or negative aesthetic impact.
Enter, Bigplatform deployed in the public right-of-way that delivers much more than smart waste & recycling. In addition to modernizing a core city service, it is optimal for hosting additional technologies. It is easy to access & can hide technology in plain sight.
Discover how cities transform a core city service and leverage a multi-purpose platform to beautify their public spaces.
Learn how colleges & universities keep their campus clean, deploy sustainable solutions, and reallocate resources
“For the first time in the world, we will enable public visitors and tourists to experience this unique hybrid concept, as well as contribute to keeping our destinations clean and “green”. We are proud and pleased behind Bee’ah’s latest Wi-Fi Bin deployment in the Heart of Sharjah, which reflects our commitment to positioning Sharjah as a true tourism and investment destination in the region, as well as a leading destination for “green” initiatives.”
“In cities everywhere we’re deploying waste and recycle management stations though a partner called Bigbelly. As a result, this ends up being a location where we can extend that site to allow other equipment to be deployed right there at that location. Where there’s waste and recycling, there’s densities of people. That also means there’s densities of mobile devices. Within a cabinet like this, we have the ability to provide a fair amount of equipment space so we can load equipment in there and deliver multi-carrier small cell solutions all concealed right on the streetscape.”
“It’s a trash and recycling bin that doubles as your free link to the world, which Louisville officials say is the first innovation of its kind to be deployed in the world. Mayor Greg Fischer joined business leaders and online entrepreneurs to unveil two compaction waste units Wednesday that have been converted into solar-powered wireless 4hot spots. The bins will bring free Internet access to residents, businesses and visitors of the Russell neighborhood in western Louisville at two of TARC’s busiest bus stops along Mark Street at the intersections of 25th and 28th streets.”
“For the first time in the world, we will enable public visitors and tourists to experience this unique hybrid concept, as well as contribute to keeping our destinations clean and “green”. We are proud and pleased behind Bee’ah’s latest Wi-Fi Bin deployment in the Heart of Sharjah, which reflects our commitment to positioning Sharjah as a true tourism and investment destination in the region, as well as a leading destination for “green” initiatives.”
“In cities everywhere we’re deploying waste and recycle management stations though a partner called Bigbelly. As a result, this ends up being a location where we can extend that site to allow other equipment to be deployed right there at that location. Where there’s waste and recycling, there’s densities of people. That also means there’s densities of mobile devices. Within a cabinet like this, we have the ability to provide a fair amount of equipment space so we can load equipment in there and deliver multi-carrier small cell solutions all concealed right on the streetscape.”
“It’s a trash and recycling bin that doubles as your free link to the world, which Louisville officials say is the first innovation of its kind to be deployed in the world. Mayor Greg Fischer joined business leaders and online entrepreneurs to unveil two compaction waste units Wednesday that have been converted into solar-powered wireless 4hot spots. The bins will bring free Internet access to residents, businesses and visitors of the Russell neighborhood in western Louisville at two of TARC’s busiest bus stops along Mark Street at the intersections of 25th and 28th streets.”
Yes, would like to receive email communications from Bigbelly. (Bigneeds the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Please see our  Privacy Policy at www.bigbelly.com/privacy.)*
Bigwas founded in 2003 with the goal of transforming one of the least efficient and resource-intensive industries: waste collection. Cities were either collecting too often and wasting fuel and labor while emitting excess CO2, or alternatively, they were not able to keep up with the demands and overflowing trash cans that created litter, health, and safety issues.
In the following years, we evolved to offer a unique and complete solution by leveraging renewable energy and information technology. Bigis a Smart Waste Management, Smart City, and Internet of Things (IoT) industry leader and is recognized as a C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group best practice. Industry knowledge & longevity in the market provides us with unparalleled insights backed by extensive data, analytics, and customer successes.
Today, we are a multi-purpose platform for building smarter cities. We are uniquely positioned as a public right-of-way platform that delivers Smart City solutions and hosts communications infrastructure. The Bigsolution is deployed in communities, campuses, and organizations in over 50 countries. We transform operations, drive efficiencies, increase productivity, and improve quality of life.
Careers at BigWe’re hiring! Our business is growing and we are looking for talented and dedicated individuals to join our team. If you’re interested in contributing to what we are building, check out our open positions.
Bigis a team of skilled professionals who are passionate about their work, committed to our customers’ success and inspired to transform the way the way that cities, campuses, and organizations use technology to drive benefit for their communities. If you are driven, customer-focused, and excited about the future of Smart City technologies, then we want to hear from you.
Yes, would like to receive email communications from Bigbelly. (Bigneeds the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Please see our  Privacy Policy at www.bigbelly.com/privacy.)*
Needham,  |  02494  |  USAInterested in joining the Bigteam?
We’re hiring! Our business is growing and we are looking for talented, dedicated individuals to join us. Bigis a team of incredibly skilled professionals who are passionate about their work, committed to our customers’ success and inspired to transform the way that cities, campuses, and organizations use technology to drive benefit for their communities. If you are motivated, customer-focused, and excited about the future of Smart City technologies then we want to hear from you!
Open Positions at BigBighas the below openings at this time. To inquire or apply, please email your cover letter and resume to careers@bigbelly.com . Nothing that suits your skill set? We are always looking for talented and passionate people. Reach out and make your case for why you would be a great fit for the Bigteam.
Primary responsibility is account management of strategic accounts and targeted business development in the Washington / Baltimore territory. Success in this role will require outside sales of Bigsolutions and territory management experience in addition to being an independent self-starter. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and a combination of thoughtful strategy, creative planning, and aggressive engagement across the stakeholders of target account list. An ambitious mentality and the ability to be focused, organized, and flexible in a changing environment are critical. This is a high-intensity position, with tremendous growth potential. The role will ‘call high’ and interface with executives at some of the largest cities, colleges and companies in the United States, building a high value, game-changing pipeline. Role will require travel within the – territory. This position will be based in or immediate surrounding area.
Outbound calling/mailing to target accounts/lists
Territory planning and forecast management
Other projects as assigned in support of the Marketing organization
Ability to work independently and collaborate in a team setting
5 years + of sales/account management experience exceeding sales targets
We are looking for an energetic, well spoken and organized team member to join Bigbelly’s Sales Operations team. The ideal candidate will ensure that our customers, distributors and service providers receive professional, courteous, and timely support.
The Sales Operations Specialist will be responsible for supporting Bigbelly’s Sales Organization (spanning all business segments in both International and Domestic Sales groups) by providing assistance to effectively service current and potential customers. This role is responsible for being a Subject Matter Expert in relationship management, onboarding support of customers and carriers, and continued management of the daily needs of both Customers and Sales Organization related to the order-to-cash process. This can include anything from invoice issues to assistance in providing the end-product to the customer.
The candidate will also have ad-hoc responsibilities for improving processes and metrics across the company to drive business results. The Sales Operations Support Specialist will receive information from Sales, Suppliers, and Dispatch to find solutions to improve operational efficiencies. The ideal candidate will need to be a problem solver and provide solutions that drive best business practices and bottom line results. Candidate will work closely with Sales, Customers, Suppliers, Transportation and Billing teams.
Issue quotations for hardware and software
Prospective candidates should have demonstrated commitment to customer satisfaction through a track record of respecting and caring for customers
Ability to communicate clearly and professionally, both verbally and in writing
technical aptitude and willingness to learn and understand various software programs (such as Salesforce and software) and how Bighardware and software works
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to work independently and on multiple tasks
Flexible; willing and able to change directions, priorities and processes as needed
Able to work independently and as a team; willing to take direction and able to propose new ideas to improve service
1 year experience in a customer support or technical support role
Our growing company is seeking a Corporate Controller based in our Needham, headquarters in the greater Boston area. The Corporate Controller will report directly to the Chief Financial Officer and is the key owner of daily accounting operations. This individual will be responsible for leading the financial statement close, internal and external reporting, and ongoing upgrades and maintenance to accounting and other financial systems.
Managing various accounting processes (accounts receivable and billing, accounts payable and cash management) to insure a rapid and accurate monthly, quarterly and annual financial close.
Provide and auditors with detailed technical accounting guidance, particularly in relation to lease accounting and revenue recognition for contracts with customers
Manage performance of annual audit including timely and accurate preparation of audit schedules. Primary liaison with independent auditors.
Act as liaison between company and bank representatives, and perform monthly bank compliance reporting
Manage relationship between company and contract financing bankers for operating lease funding, including ongoing account management on financed contracts
Coordinate annual tax preparation with outside tax firm
Implement changes to accounting policies and procedures to ensure compliance with general accepted accounting rules and regulations
Maintain database of company key performance indicators, and generate high level dashboard weekly for executive team
Own pricing model for all aspects of business to ensure proper gross margins
Manage annual renewal of non-benefit corporate insurance policies and act as liaison between insurance brokers and company for non-benefit related needs
Perform credit reviews of customers and determine payment terms to minimize bad debt risk
Review customer and supplier contract terms and conditions and implement processes to comply with various contract requirements
Perform ongoing maintenance to the general ledger, reporting tools and other financial systems
Create and maintain financial forecasting model for executive planning purposes
Manage annual 409evaluation with outside accounting firm
Generate monthly reporting packages to ensure accuracy of financial information, including follow-up and resolution of any potential variances identified
Drive annual budgeting process from start to finish, including building a dynamic budgeting financial model
Develop and maintain an effective department through the selection, training, compensation, motivation, termination and review of all department personnel
Provides guidance and direction to accounting employees to assist them in their professional development
10 years of experience; minimum 4 years public accounting experience a plus
Experience with lease accounting (842) and revenue recognition rules (606)
Previous experience at a Corporate Controller level, including managing staff
Experience with NetSuite, Carta, Salesforce, and Concur preferred
Responsible for leading the effort to obtain the necessary underlying real estate rights to be able to market, deploy and operate Bigbelly’s product line.  Such desired jurisdictional and venue targets include municipalities, and public and private campuses. The incumbent will be tasked with maximizing opportunities with existing and past Bigcustomers and identifying emerging partners through existing and to be developed business arrangements.
Core activities will include achieving deal quotas, developing and managing an associated pipeline, and developing and executing an associated plan. There will be a high level of accountability placed on closing opportunities that lead to revenue within a twelve-month cycle. The role is highly collaborative and requires interfacing and teaming with internal stakeholders and all levels of management.
The incumbent will need strong commercial skills to be able to evaluate and prioritize material opportunities that have the strongest chances of generating revenues.
Using past municipal and campus experience and networks, identify and drive new business development real estate rights strategies that generate meaningful opportunities for the Company.
Lead negotiations to conclusion. Lead/support internally as necessary through the various management levels as required.  Escalate issues and challenges quickly and seek resolution pro-actively.
Regularly communicate business development strategies, initiatives, status and key asset market information to stakeholders.
Creatively think of new areas, initiatives, strong value propositions, commercial innovations or sales approaches that will grow revenue and increase customer satisfaction.
Successfully engage a broad and diverse cross-section of internal and external subject matter experts, business professionals, regulators and thought leaders to identify and source new real estate opportunities that align with marketplace needs.
Use existing as well as develop new appropriate commercial or contractual models that support new business model positioning.
Stay forward-thinking on competitive trends and technology evolution in communications industry in order to proactively identify and prioritize technology-focused asset-based opportunities.
Upon successful negotiation, work with appropriate sales and operations team for hand-off and successful integration.
Industry experience in securing, negotiating, planning and keeping asset-based agreements with municipalities and campuses required, cellular related underlying rights experience is preferred.
Experience in site acquisition projects in the public right of way dealing with local city officials and bureaucracy.
of 7 years of experience in technology, communications, telecommunications and/or wireless required.
Demonstrated track record of identifying and building strong network of relationships in the and adjacent industries, and with customers, vendors and consultants, required.
Ability to generate cold leads and develop from scratch to contract.
Knowledgeable of local wireless ordinances and their impact on the deployment of wireless telecommunication equipment.
Proven ability and track record for closing complex sales deals with multiple stakeholders.
Knowledge of the structures and dynamics of city and state governments, and established relationships with municipalities.
Extensive relationships with municipal and campus decision- makers, partners, industry consultants, network equipment manufacturers, educators and telecommunications industry thought leaders.
Ability to work effectively across many internal functional groups to optimize product offerings, create a seamless customer experience and resolve issues.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with demonstrated success in executing appropriate and timely solutions.
Detail oriented, able to multitask and meet deadlines; excellent organization and time management skills
Ability to exercise independent discretion on matters of significance.
The incumbent must be flexible as there may be work weeks that require more than 40 hours to ensure the positions expectations and responsibilities are met.
Bachelor’s degree in Real Estate, Business, Finance.
Yes, would like to receive email communications from Bigbelly. (Bigneeds the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Please see our  Privacy Policy at www.bigbelly.com/privacy.)*
The Bigplatform is available through a large network of trusted, highly trained, and dedicated distributors throughout the globe. If you are located outside of North America and in a country listed below, please click on the country name to be directed to the distributor that serves your area. If you are interested in representing a country which is not listed, please contact us to begin a conversation with our International Team.
Interested in Becoming an Authorized BigDistributor?
Our continued success depends on developing strong relationships with international distributors who represent the Bigproduct. For distribution inquiries for markets not listed above, please submit your interest to us. Remember to include detailed information as to why you think your company is a good match for distributing the Bigplatform in your region.  Your interest in Bigis greatly appreciated. Thank you!
Ready to Start the Conversation?
© 2018 - Bigbelly, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Office buildings, retailers, hospitality, healthcare facilitates, and venues are increasing productivity, showcasing commitment to sustainability, and enhancing the customer experience with Bigbelly’s Connect platform. We empower corporations of every size to modernize a core service while providing a multi-purpose platform to deploy other applications as desired. Competition is driving businesses to do more with less every day amidst price deflation, increased personnel costs, and investor demands. Adding to the challenge, corporate sustainability initiatives are increasingly important as customers expect it and employees request it. Companies can rethink their services, operations, and drive gains to their bottom line with Bigbelly’s technology.
Bigenables companies to make a great first impression before stepping in the building. Total containment and increased capacity eliminate overflowing receptacles and ambient litter. Smart waste management ensures that dining customers are never interrupted by employees collecting the nearby garbage with a wheeled bin during peak periods.
Employees spend more time each week on customer-facing work, whether holding an umbrella for a customer loading groceries or keeping properties pristine. They love their Bigstations because they empty trash 80% less and get to spend more time with customers. Companies are showing their teams that they care about their work and ensure employees touch more customers and less trash.
Companies that implement the Bigsmart waste & recycling system experience a 5x increase in productivity, while being cash flow positive for waste operations almost immediately. Employees responsible for waste collection receive automated notifications that tell them exactly which location needs to be collected.
Time previously spent walking around to check each waste bin or cleaning overflows can now be reallocated to more meaningful tasks. Store managers have real-time ability to keep tabs on where and how resources are spent for waste collection across shifts and throughout the week, month, season, and year for analysis and proper planning.
Between the outdoor stations’ visible panel and a significant reduction in thousands of plastic trashcan liners headed to the landfill, customers and employees will know that you are at the forefront of sustainability. Promote these sustainability initiatives in highly visible areas from store entrances to dining areas and parking lots.
The Bigsmart waste & recycling system enables retailers to dramatically reduce the amount of recycling improperly entering the waste stream and stores without compacting dumpsters can reduce landfill contribution. This software-based system enables retailers to measure, track, and analyze recycling volumes and diversion at a single retail location or across an entire chain of stores.
Turnkey Platform to Modernize Waste Management, Drive Productivity & Enhance Customer Experience
Modernizing a Required Service: Front-of-House Waste Management
Bigis the world leader of smart waste & recycling solutions. Companies deploy smart, sensor-equipped waste & recycling stations that communicate real-time status to employees to enable collection efficiencies. It is a connected system, providing valuable information about employee performance, recycling diversion rates, and overall system health. Offered as a turnkey system, each fleet is customizable and modular based on capacity, waste stream, and accessory needs.
Connect is a platform deployed in the public right-of-way that delivers much more than smart waste and recycling. In addition to modernizing a core service, it is optimal for hosting additional technologies. It is easy to access and can hide technology in plain sight.
Companies can take advantage of required front-of-house waste infrastructure as a holding place for other technology and applications such as Wi-Fi Hotspots, location-based beacon networks, and environmental sensors. Multi-purposing the smart waste system eases logistics and further enhances the environment with improved services.
Yes, would like to receive email communications from Bigbelly. (Bigneeds the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. Please see our  Privacy Policy at www.bigbelly.com/privacy.)*
						Welcome to CLEAN, the Collection, Logistics, Efficiency, and Notification system from 
