In FSHD, brings order where gets lost
Clinical application of single‐molecule optical mapping to a multigeneration FSHD1 pedigree
Go Beyond Base Pairs and Get Results
Like you, we are results driven. Our Saphyr System is purpose-built to deliver ultra-sensitive, ultra-specific structural variation detection to identify the relevant variants that impact your genomes. We show you what sequencing misses, taking you into the structure of the genome to reveal new understanding and deliver results.
Saphyr delivers ultra-sensitive, ultra-specific detection of variants from 500 base pairs up to megabases in length at unmatched speed and as low as $500 per genome. Call the right variants with Saphyr.
Sensitivity for balanced and unbalanced translocations larger than 50,000 base pairs
Sensitivity for inversions larger than 30,000 
Sensitivity for copy number variants larger than 500,000 base pairs
Saphyr’s industry-leading genome assembly capabilities allow you to align sequencing data with genome maps to view genomes with all features and functional relationships in context.
At Bionano, we are committed to the relentless pursuit of the truth in so we can all realize its promise to improve quality of life for all. In doing so, we hold ourselves to the highest standards and are uncompromising in our commitment to quality and accuracy. We are not afraid of uncharted territory. In fact, we seek it out, because that is where the answers lie. Our optical mapping approach is unlike anything else. With this unique tool, our dynamic team is driving change and empowering discovery across all areas of genome research.
Whitehead Scientific was founded in 1988 and supplies quality life science consumables and instrumentation to research laboratories at universities, hospitals and veterinary facilities, as well as biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies throughout Africa. Whitehead Scientific strives to provide the most effective solutions for molecular biology, immunology research, molecular diagnostics, liquid handling and laboratory instrumentation.
Millennium Science is a specialist distribution company established in 1999 to source, supply and support high-tech solutions to the Australian and New Zealand life science markets. Now in its 15th year of operation, the company is well established as a leading distributor of instrumentation and reagents for the biotechnology research market with recognition of performance and business practice excellence by the global companies represented.
BioTech-Europe was formed in 2009, as a division of BioTech a.s., to supply and support life science technologies in Central and Eastern Europe. Recently, BioTech-Europe became a leading supplier of high-tech innovative life science technologies in these territories. BioTech-Europe’s technology profile includes: molecular technologies, cellular analysis, flow cytometry, animal research and in-vivo imaging. On September 1, 2015, BioTech-Europe was transformed into successor company Accela.
Berry is a leading biotech company in China that develops and commercializes genomics-based integrated solutions for clinical applications, primarily in genetic testing and oncology testing. Berry pioneered non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) in China and today is the leadingproduct provider, as well as the leading provider of the test, in China. Like NIPT, the products and technologies under development at Berry will address unmet needs of other genetic diseases and cancer.
Star Research Technology Ltd. (Biostar) was founded in 2006 and has a rich history in the life sciences and clinical research industries. Biostar is a leading supplier of instruments and consumables and has a built a good reputation among customers for its overall solution for molecular research and best service in China.
Gene Company Limited (Gene Company) was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Hong Kong. Over the years of development, Gene Company has been regarded as one of the largest distribution networks in China and has established a solid and highly loyal customer base, comprising renowned research institutes, hospitals, and pharmaceutical and biotech companies. Gene Company has also successfully become one of the major research product suppliers to key genomics, proteomics, biochip and stem cell research centers.
Ultravision Technology was established in 2014 as a full-service distributor dedicated to life sciences in China. Ultravision has a multidisciplinary technical team with experience in biology, bioinformatics, microscopic imaging and sample preparation and engineering to provide professional sales and after-sales service ensuring customer satisfaction.
Corporation was established in 1962 and listed in the first section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange in 2001. is well known as a large supplier company for research products.
ONE’s bioscience group is focused on molecular biology, cell biology and protein research, and provides state-of-the-art products with scientific and engineering support to researchers in Japan.
Sciencewerke was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Singapore with satellite offices in Malaysia and Indonesia. Sciencewerke is established as a niche provider of market-leading genomics, proteomics, cellomics, bio-imaging and molecular diagnostics solutions. Sciencewerke provides instruments, reagents, consumables and services for the scientific, clinical, biotech and pharma communities.
Molecular Diagnostics Korea (MDxK, Inc.) was established in 2007 to supply instruments, consumables and services to emerging markets performing molecular research and diagnostics. MDxis a leading company providing total solutions for high-quality molecular research and diagnostics in Korea.
GenDiscovery Biotechnology Inc. was founded in 2003 and is located in New Taipei City, Taiwan. GenDiscovery has two major business units – life science research products and molecular diagnosis. For research products, the company focus is on genomics, proteomics, bioinformatics and metabolomics solutions for local research, biotech and pharmaceuticals customers. For molecular diagnosis, the company provides state-of-the-art tests for cancer, sudden death syndrome and neuron disorder patients, and assists physicians by providing personalized medical solutions for their patients. GenDiscovery is highly experienced in taking care of customers and providing the best service and knowledge-based solutions to their local markets.Legal Notices
authorizes you to view and download the materials at this Site, provided that (i) you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials on any copies of the materials, (ii) your use of such materials is for your personal, non-commercial use only, and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, (iii) you may not modify the materials in any way or reproduce, publicly display, perform, distribute, transmit, or create derivative works from any of the materials on this Site, and (iv) you may not transfer the materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, these terms and conditions. The above authorization does not include the design or layout of this Site, which is legally protected and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic, sound, or image from this Site may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly authorized by Genomics. No other use of the materials is authorized. The materials at this Site are proprietary and any unauthorized use of any materials at this Site may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
Any links to third-party websites that may appear on this Site are provided only as a convenience to you and in no way imply any affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, or acceptance of any information or views provided on those linked websites. does not monitor the linked websites for accuracy or content, and does not warrant the information contained thereon. The information provided on the linked websites and any warranty with regard thereto is solely the responsibility of the providers of that information. If you decide to access third-party websites through links from this Site, you do so at your own risk.
the link redirects the user only to www.BionanoGenomics.com and not to deeper pages;
the appearance, position, and other aspects of the link do not present false information about products, services, or technology, nor be such as to damage or dilute the goodwill associated with the name and trademarks of Genomics, nor create the false appearance that another entity or its activities or products are associated with or sponsored or endorsed by Genomics; and
may use the information it collects to improve this Site, to store your interests and preferences in order to customize your visit to this Site, to communicate with you upon your request, to compile and analyze trends, and to carry out the transactions you request when you visit the Site.
occasionally hires other companies to provide services for us, which may require that they have access to some of the information collected. Such companies are required to use the information only to perform the services hired them to provide, and to maintain the confidentiality of the information. does not provide, sell, or lease information about you to any third parties for their marketing use. will release information about you if you direct us to do so, if we are required by law, or if necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of Genomics.
is committed to protecting the security of your personal information, and we take reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to help protect your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access. When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol or a similar secure protocol. We also restrict access to information about you to individuals at who need to know the information in accordance with their job responsibilities, and such access is only made from secured locations. It is your responsibility to protect the confidentiality of your passwords, account information, and any other access features associated with your use of this Site.
Except as otherwise provided, owns all content contained in this Site, including without limitation the information, materials, text, graphics, Site design, and the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof (“Content”). The Content is protected by copyright laws of the and other countries.
Except for the rights granted in these terms and conditions, no Content on this Site may be copied, distributed, displayed, modified, reproduced, performed, published, posted, or reverse engineered in whole or in part in any way, or stored or transmitted by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, scanning, photocopying, or recording, without the prior written permission of Genomics. You also may not, without the prior written permission of Genomics, “mirror” any Content on this Site, and such use of any Content on any other website or networked computer environment is expressly prohibited. Modification of the Content or use of the Content on this Site for any other purpose is a violation of Genomics’ copyright and other proprietary rights.
is constantly conducting research and development, leading to new, modified, and/or improved technology and products. It is Genomics’ policy to seek patent protection in the United States and abroad for such technology and products.
This Site is controlled and operated by from its offices within the United States of America. makes no representations that this Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this Site from locations outside the United States do so of their own volition and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export any materials from this Site in violation of United States export laws and regulations. Any and all actions, claims, disputes, or controversies relating to these terms and conditions, the use of this Site, or any materials therein shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, USA, without regard to its conflict-of-laws principles. By using this site, you expressly consent to the exclusive forum, jurisdiction, and venue of the state and federal courts of The City of Philadelphia or Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, USA, as applicable, in such actions, claims, disputes, or controversies.
Erik Holmlin is a dynamic leader with more than two decades of experience developing innovative solutions and companies in the life sciences and health care industries.
Erik’s experience includes positions at GenVault Corporation (CEO), Exiqon A/(CCO) and Becton Dickinson (vice president of marketing and development). In 2001, Erik led the formation and financing efforts of GeneOhm Sciences, Inc. and orchestrated the company’s acquisition by Becton Dickinson in 2006. He also served as an entrepreneur in residence (EIR) at leading life-science venture capital firm Domain Associates, LLC.
Erik was a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University and a National Science Foundation predoctoral fellow at the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena (Caltech). He holds a Phin chemistry from Caltech and MBAs from Berkeley and Columbia University.
Mike Ward has more than 20 years of experience in life sciences-dedicated investment banking, venture capital and private equity investments.
Before joining Genomics, Mike was at Lurie Investment Fund, where he was responsible for managing the life sciences venture capital and private equity investments of the Lurie family. Mike guided senior management teams of Lurie’s life sciences portfolio companies in conducting business and corporate development, clinical and regulatory strategy, commercialization planning, intellectual property management, M&A, and financings. During his tenure, Mike also served on the boards of a number of life sciences portfolio companies on behalf of Lurie.
Prior to joining Lurie Investment Fund, Mike gained more than 15 years of investment banking experience at Leerink Partners, Credit Suisse, Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein, and Vector Securities. During his career in investment banking, Mike executed more than 80 life sciences mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, private placements, IPOs and follow-on public offerings. In his more than two decades of experience serving and fostering life sciences companies, Mike has focused predominantly on the medical technology, tools, diagnostics and biopharmaceutical markets. Mike received, with summa cum laude distinction, a bachelor’s in finance from the University of Illinois.
Mark Borodkin has a 20-year history of success in the development of systems for the life sciences and medical device industries. 
Prior to joining Genomics, Mark led a global team at Brooks Life Science Systems in the development of sample analyzers, high-throughput screening solutions, and chemical storage and biobank systems. Prior to his time at Brooks, Mark was with Affymetrix, where he launched the array platform that is widely used today for and other applications. Mark also spent time at Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics on the development of equipment for diagnostic core labs. During his 13 years at Life Technologies (formerly Applied Biosystems) he held various levels of responsibility in the development of systems for real-time PCR, sequencing and sample preparation. Mark holds a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering and a master’s degree in computer and systems engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York.
Warren Robinson has served as Genomics’ Chief Commercial Officer since November 2017 and previously served as a Vice President with in various sales and marketing functions from October 2015 to November 2017, including most recently as our Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing.
From June 2013 to October 2015, Mr. Robinson served as Division Vice President of Aegis Chemical Solutions, LLC, a private oil production services company. Previously, Mr. Robinson held various leadership roles in sales-focused positions with Life Technologies Corporation, a publicly traded research tool’s company acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in February 2014, and Invitrogen Corporation, a public research tools company acquired by Life Technologies in January 2008. Mr. Robinson received his bachelor’s degree in biochemistry from The University of Lethbridge, a research university located in Canada.
Dr. David Barker, PhD, has served on our Board of Directors since May 2010, and as Chairman of our Board of Directors since August 2016. Dr. Barker also serves as a director of AmideBio, Singular Systems, and Aspen Neuroscience.
He is also a scientific advisor to MiCorp. and Luna He served as Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer at Illumina, Inc., from 2000 to 2007, and on the Illumina scientific advisory board until May 2016. He was previously on the Boards of NextBio, which was acquired by Illumina in 2013, ProteinSimple, which was acquired by Bio-Techne in 2014, Zephyrus Biosciences, Inc., acquired by Bio-Techne in 2016, IntegenX, acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific in 2018, and Integrated Diagnostics, acquired by Biodesix in 2018.
Dr. Barker served from 1998 to 2000 as Vice President and Chief Science Advisor at Amersham Biosciences, now part of General Electric. From 1988 to 1998, Dr. Barker held senior positions, including Vice President of Research and Business Development, at Molecular Dynamics, Inc., until the acquisition of Molecular Dynamics by Amersham.
In his academic career, Dr. Barker conducted interdisciplinary research in neurobiology as a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard Medical School, Assistant Professor at the University of Oregon and Associate Professor at Oregon State University. Dr. Barker holds a with honors in Chemistry from the California Institute of Technology and a Phin Biochemistry from Brandeis University.
Erik Holmlin is a dynamic leader with more than two decades of experience developing innovative solutions and companies in the life sciences and healthcare industries. 
Erik’s experience includes positions at GenVault Corporation (CEO), Exiqon A/(CCO) and Becton Dickinson (vice president of marketing and development). In 2001, Erik led the formation and financing efforts of GeneOhm Sciences, Inc. and orchestrated the company’s acquisition by Becton Dickinson in 2006. He also served as an entrepreneur in residence (EIR) at leading life-science venture capital firm Domain Associates, LLC.
Erik was a National Institutes of Health postdoctoral fellow at Harvard University and a National Science Foundation predoctoral fellow at the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena (Caltech). He holds a Phin chemistry from Caltech and MBAs from Berkeley and Columbia University.
Dr. Cai has served on our board of directors since September 2014.
From April 2015 to April 2018, Dr. Cai served as a Managing Director of Legend Capital, a Chinese early stage and expansion stage venture capital firm, and held a previous position as a Director of Legend Capital from October 2012. Dr. Cai also served as Chief Financial Officer of Beijing Institute, a genome sequencing company, from 2014 to 2016. During his tenure at Legend Capital, Dr. Cai focused on investment opportunities in the healthcare sector and led investment in more than 20 companies located in the and China. In addition, Dr. Cai previously served on the board of directors of Beijing Institute. Dr. Cai received his bachelor’s degree in biophysics from the University of Science and Technology of China, from Yale University and Ph.in vision science from the University of California, Berkeley. Our board of directors believes Dr. Cai’s extensive experience in managing and developing investment and business opportunities within the health care sector qualifies him to serve on our board of directors.
Since October 2009, Mr. Wang has served as a Managing Director of Legend Capital, and held previous positions with Legend Capital as Executive Director from October 2007, Senior Vice President from October 2006 and Vice President from October 2005. Through his tenure at Legend Capital, Mr. Wang has worked in the healthcare and chemical industries, developing research and investment expertise in growth capital investment. Mr. Wang received his bachelor’s degree in polymer chemistry from Lanzhou University, a research university located in China, and his from McMaster University, a research university located in Canada. Our board of directors believes Mr. Wang’s extensive experience as a venture capital investor in the healthcare and chemical industries qualifies him to serve on our board of directors.
Albert Luderer has three decades of experience in biotechnology, with special focuses on technology, business development and commercialization.
Dr. Luderer is and board director at personalized diagnostics company Integrated Diagnostics. He also serves as and board director of molecular therapeutics and imaging company Indi Molecular.
Dr. Luderer previously served as president and of BioTrove, a venture-backed molecular biological tools company that was acquired by Life Technologies. Additionally, Dr. Luderer was of venture-backed therapeutics company Light Sciences and president and of bioMérieux, Inc.
Senior management positions at Dianon Systems (LabCorp), Boehringer Mannheim (Roche), and Corning round out Dr. Luderer’s experience in the industry. He earned his Phfrom Rutgers University, where he was a National Science Foundation predoctoral fellow, and performed postgraduate work in immunology at Jefferson Medical College.
Mr. Zhou has served on our board of directors since February 2018.
Since April 2016, Mr. Zhou has served as an Executive Director at Legend Capital, and held previous positions as Director from April 2015 and Vice President from October 2012. During his tenure at Legend Capital, Mr. Zhou has focused on the Medtech and diagnostics industries. Mr. Zhou received his bachelor’s degree in Biology from the University of Science and Technology in China, his Masters in Neuroscience from the National University of Singapore, and his from the China Europe International Business School. Our board of directors believes Mr. Zhou’s extensive experience in investment in the healthcare sector qualifies him to serve on our board of directors.
Christopher Twomey has served on our board of directors since July 2018.
Since August 2013, Mr. Twomey has served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc., a medical device company. Since March 2006, Mr. Twomey has served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Senomyx, Inc., a taste technologies company. From March 1990 to June 2007, Mr. Twomey served in various roles of increasing responsibility, including as Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, at Biosite Incorporated, a medical diagnostics company, until it was acquired by Inverness Medical in 2007. While serving at Biosite, Mr. Twomey was responsible for the Finance, Human Resources, Facilities, and Information Systems departments. From October 1981 to March 1990, Mr. Twomey served as an audit manager for Ernst & Young, Mr. Twomey also served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Cadence Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company that was acquired by Mallinckrodt plc in 2014. Mr. Twomey received his in Business Economics from the University of California at Santa Barbara.
Certified Service Providers offer a complete range of up-to-date sample prep protocols, genome map-generation techniques, and data analysis workflows that deliver the highest quality results. Find a Certified Pro from the list below.
McDonnell Genome Institute at Washington University
If you are interested in having a map generated through the McDonnell Genome Institute contact them directly at 
