leading biotech company / molecular biology company
Bioneer, an innovative biotech company since 1992
is Korea’s leading biotech company. was the first Korean biotechnology company when it was established in 1992. The company has developed state of art molecular biology products and technologies including oligonucleotides, thermostable polymerases, and instruments of gene manipulation (automatic nucleic acid extractor, thermal cycler, real-time qinstruments and sequencer). From its inception, has invested in the integration of recombinant technology, fermentation, biochemistry and nucleic acid chemistry in addition to mechanics, photonics and electronics. The company is positioned to fully-integrate its capability to develop next generation technologies in the post-genome era through the invention of new biochemistry and instruments. now runs two production and research facilities in Korea which are a total of 226,000 square feet. Equipped with proprietary 384 synthesizers, these facilities contain a full production line for oligonucleotide synthesis and siproducts. In addition to DNA/manufacturing, makes novel molecular biology products and recombinant proteins including systems and reagents. 
After a successful Initial Public Offering a few years ago, launched Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary. The American subsidiary is located in Alameda, CA, in the heart of the San Francisco Bay Area. The company is devoted to providing state of art solutions to the global life science community in academia, biotech, clinical labs and pharmaceutical companies. We have expertise in a wide range of areas. 
 Nucleic acid extraction products
 Enzymes such as polymerases and reverse transcriptase
 Automated nucleic acid extraction system
Working together to bring maximum innovation, value and discovery to our customers.
Inc. has a partnership with to bring you cutting edge products with the highest level of service.
             Bioneer’s unsurpassed quality combined with VWR’s excellence in delivery and customer satisfaction provide the ideal
Trademarks & Legal NoticesWe are actively seeking productive partnerships with global pharmaceutical companies that advance the clinical development of RNAi using our proprietary SAMitechnology.            We are currently co-developing SAMidrugs for liver cancer targets through the partnership with Sanofi.
Establish strategic alliances with pharmaceutical companies to develop RNAi therapeutics for selected indications
Out-license SAMitechnology for therapeutic development on a gene-by-gene basis
   : Provide us with your target genes, and we will provide R&from sidiscovery and validation to non-human primate
   testing and filing. Partnering with us grants you an exclusive license to the world’s best si prodrug
   for your target gene.
Fully vertically integrated sidrug development processes
: is an ideal partner for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies currently working on the development of RNAi therapeutics, or seeking to enter the RNAi field.                  With world's best RNAi core technologies and large scale manufacturing infrastructure, can take you from raw material manufacturing and preclinical tests to filing.
Summary of Bioneer's SAMiBusiness Development and Partnership strategy
SAMisolves the unmet needs in RNAi drug development
Partnering with global pharmaceutical companies for the development of SAMitherapeutics
Out-license SAMifor new therapeutic development  on a gene-by-gene basis
- (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) / (Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis)
We welcome all inquiries regarding partnership opportunities. Please contact us at order.usa@bioneer.us.com .