discovers, develops, and commercializes proprietary molecular-based diagnostic, prognostic, and predictive tests that provide physicians with actionable information to help guide cancer treatment.
Bringing the abstract to the here and now
Extensive research generates high-complexity molecular tools that help physicians execute more informed treatment decisions in clinical practice every day.
Partnering with a range of physicians, from
world-renowned institutions to community clinics.
brings genomic tools to the fingertips of oncology practices across all clinical settings.
Because every patient deserves a customized care plan.
In ER+ early-stage breast cancer
The only robust, validated tool to help with clinical decision-making for extended endocrine treatment
Predictive for likelihood of benefit from extended endocrine therapy
Prognostic for risk of late distant recurrence
Actionable genomic information for accurate diagnosis for metastatic patients with diagnostic ambiguity
Canceris a most validated gene expression-based assay to help achieve an accurate diagnosisToggle navigation
Don Hardison has more than 30 years of executive leadership experience in both emerging and Fortune 500 companies, including roles as and COO, as well as a board member. Most recently, Don served as president, CEO, and director of Good Start Genetics, Inc. He also served in a similar capacity at Sciences Corp., where he was actively involved in taking the company public and was primarily responsible for a novel multi-million dollar strategic partnership with Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp). He has extensive experience in diagnostic laboratory management, sales, marketing, strategy, operations and broad reimbursement expertise. Don also has held multiple senior leadership positions at companies such as LabCorp, Quest Diagnostics, and SmithKline Beecham Corp., where he built a strong track record in strategy development, team building, and market planning and execution.
Dr. Miriam Bloch is an accomplished physician with over 25 years of experience in pathology, laboratory medicine, laboratory directorship and pharmaceutical product development.  She has board certification in Anatomic and Clinical Pathology and Cytopathology.  She has worked with numerous companies, including Epic Sciences, Ignyta, PPD, Immunovative Therapies and Neogenomics. Miriam is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and did her medical training at the University of Kansas and the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.
Debra Hadley has had a distinguished career and broad experiences in both large and small laboratories. She was most recently at Genoptix as Vice President of Operations Excellence and Head of Laboratory Operations and formerly held roles with Healthcare Life Sciences, Clarient, Genzyme Genetics, Labs and Quest Diagnostics and the Nichols Institute. She graduated from Pepperdine University with a Bachelor’s Degree in Biology and is a licensed Clinical Laboratory Scientist in the State of California. Deb also has an in Technology Management, and a Lean Six Sigma Black Belt Certification.
Karla Kelly has more than 30 years of experience as a business and healthcare lawyer, with deep experience in the life sciences industry. Her legal career includes serving as an associate, special counsel and partner at local law firms and partnerships, including Gray Cary Ames & Frye (now Piper) and Luce Forward (now Dentons LLP), assistant general counsel at Scripps Health, and as general counsel for other private and public companies. Karla has expertise in in the areas of regulatory, general business and corporate law with a focus on regulation of medical devices and clinical laboratory developed tests (LDT’s); clinical research, corporate compliance and governance, including federal and state fraud and abuse issues, healthcare regulatory matters, provider and patient relations and board of directors governance. Karla also has significant experience in complex business transactions, including joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions, and IPO’s. As general counsel, Karla oversees risk management, litigation, intellectual property protection, securities transactions; contractual relationships, and legal compliance of corporate operations in the context of business, corporate and healthcare law. Representative clients in the past include hospitals, managed care health plans, integrated healthcare systems, medical device companies, health information exchange organizations; community clinics, physician practices, clinical research organizations, and certified clinical laboratories, biotech companies, academic institutions and non-profit community-based organizations. Karla obtained her law degree in 1984 from George Washington University School of Law, and prior to that, practiced as a registered nurse in obstetrics in the private sector and with the Navy Nurse Corps after receiving a bachelor’s degree in nursing from the College of St. Catherine.
Debbie Ledet has over 18 years as a Managed Care Executive successfully securing medical policy coverage and reimbursement in diagnostics and medical device for start-ups and Fortune 500 companies including Cytyc/Hologic, Natera, Liposcience, Gambro and Johnson & Johnson Medical, Inc. She has held multiple Executive Leadership roles and built and directed successful Market Access teams encompassing coding, coverage and reimbursement for Commercial and Governmental health plans. Debbie holds a Bachelor’s degree from the University of Memphis.
Diana Porter Bodden has over 20 years in the oncology pharmaceutical/biotech and diagnostics marketing space with companies including TAP, Eisai, Prometheus, Clarient and Most recently, Diana has leveraged pharmaceutical marketing techniques to successfully launch proprietary, high-value oncology diagnostics for both solid and liquid tumors. Diana holds a Bachelor’s Degree in International Studies and is a former Naval Intelligence Officer.
Matt Sargent has more than 16 years of life science experience, with a strong focus in molecular oncology diagnostics. He most recently was Vice President of Oncology Sales for Caris Life Sciences, where he built and trained the oncology sales team, resulting in significant sales growth and market penetration of their molecular profiling and product line. He has also held senior sales leadership positions at MedTrust Online and Exiqon Diagnostics. Matt received a bachelor’s degree in anatomy and animal physiology from Cornell University, a master’s degree in cancer physiology from the State University of New York at Buffalo, and a master’s degree in business administration from Pepperdine University.
Dr. Catherine Schnabel has over 15 years of experience as an industry scientist across pharmaceutical, clinical and diagnostics research, including positions with Genentech, Genoptix, and Amylin Pharmaceuticals. Joining in 2009, she has led the translational science and strategic programs for clinical development of proprietary molecular diagnostics in oncology and genomic medicine. Schnabel received her Ph.in molecular and cellular biology at the Center for Advanced Biotechnology and Medicine, and was a postdoctoral fellow of the and the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society at Stanford University. Schnabel is an industry leader in the development of evidence-based diagnostics and in building clinical value for molecular tests. She is a named co-inventor on several patents and has authored numerous publications. As Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Schnabel provides scientific leadership and continued oversight of clinical development, medical strategy, and regulatory plans for Biotheranostics’ products.
Gail Sloan has over 20 years of financial experience at publicly traded (NASDAQ) companies in the life sciences industry, as well as 8 years with a Big 4 accounting firm. Prior to joining Biotheranostics, Sloan held the Chief Financial Officer and Finance positions at La Jolla Pharmaceutical Co. (LJPC), a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company. During her 16-year tenure at LJPC, she played a key role in raising more than $330 million through multiple private placements and public offerings and was responsible for all finance activities, including reporting and compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act requirements. Previously, Sloan was Assistant Controller at Affymax Research Institute (AFFY), a publicly traded drug discovery technology company, prior to its acquisition by Glaxo Wellcome in 1995. While at AFFY, Sloan helped lead the spin-out of Affymetrix Inc. (AFFX), a manufacturer of microarrays. Sloan started her finance career at the public accounting firm of Ernst & Young, LLP, where she attained the position of Audit Manager. Sloan is a certified public accountant with the State of California and earned her in business from California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo.
Don Hardison has more than 30 years of executive leadership experience in both emerging and Fortune 500 companies, including roles as and COO, as well as a board member. Most recently, Don served as president, CEO, and director of Good Start Genetics, Inc. He also served in a similar capacity at Sciences Corp., where he was actively involved in taking the company public and was primarily responsible for a novel multi-million dollar strategic partnership with Laboratory Corporation of America (LabCorp). He has extensive experience in diagnostic laboratory management, sales, marketing, strategy, operations and broad reimbursement expertise. Don also has held multiple senior leadership positions at companies such as LabCorp, Quest Diagnostics, and SmithKline Beecham Corp., where he built a strong track record in strategy development, team building, and market planning and execution.
Alejandro is a Managing Director of Canepa Healthcare, where he oversees the Canepa Advanced Healthcare Fund’s strategy and investments. Alejandro serves on the Board of Directors of Biotheranostics, Tryton Medical, Virgin Mobile Latin America, and Mishu Music.
Prior to joining Canepa Healthcare, he was a partner at Hermes Growth Partners managing the Canepa Telecom, Media and Technology Fund. Before he spent his tenure with McKinsey and Company working in the telecom, media and technology sectors in a diverse set of countries including Venezuela, Chile, Brazil, Russia, Poland and the United States. He is a Systems Engineer with an in Engineering-Economic Systems from Stanford University.
Eric joined in 2008. Before joining MVM, Eric was a Partner at Advent Healthcare Ventures and a Principal at Advent International Corporation. Prior to Advent, Eric was a Director in the Corporate Finance Group of Silicon Valley Bank. Eric has a degree in Neural Science from Brown University and a Ph.in Biological Sciences from the University of California, Irvine.
David Kabakoff joined Sofinnova Ventures as an Executive Partner in 2007 and became a founding Partner of HealthQuest Capital in 2013. David has 30 years of experience leading technology and product development programs in the medical diagnostics, pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, and drug delivery fields. He currently serves as Chairman of NextCure and Lineagen, and as a Director of Antiva Biosciences and Dauntless Pharmaceuticals. Previously he served as Chairman of Trius Therapeutics, as Chairman of Amplimmune, Inc. and as a Director of InterMune, Inc., and Allylix, Inc.
David co-founded Salmedix, Inc., a developer of cancer drug treatments, and served as the company’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In June 2005, David negotiated the acquisition of Salmedix by Cephalon, Inc. David also held the positions of Executive Vice President of Dura and President and Chief Executive Officer of Spiros Development Corp. while at Dura Pharmaceuticals, a specialty respiratory pharmaceutical and pulmonary drug delivery company. Earlier, David was also employed as Chief Executive Officer of Corvas International and held senior executive positions with Hybritech, Inc.
David received his Ph.from Yale University and his from Case Western Reserve University.
& Syapse Collaborate to Integrate Genomics-Based Molecular Diagnostics for Cancer into the Syapse Precision Medicine Platform
Appoints Industry Veteran Don Hardison to Board of Directors
Raises $32 Million in a Private Equity Financing & Announces Spinout From bioMérieux
© 2018 Biotheranostics. All rights reserved.Biotheranostics, Inc. is a commercial-stage molecular diagnostics company that develops and provides diagnostic, prognostic and predictive tests that support physicians in the treatment of cancer patients. The company is based in San Diego, and offers testing services through its CLIA-certified, CAP-accredited laboratory that is directly licensed or otherwise authorized to perform testing in in all 50 states. is a leader in the development of evidence-based biomarkers to address unmet medical needs, and the Company has set the foundation for rapid growth.
has commercialized two proprietary, highly differentiated products focused on early stage breast cancer and all metastatic cancers, Breast Cancer Index (BCI) and Cancer(CTID), respectively. Both Breast Cancer Index and Cancerhave obtained Medicare coverage through the Palmetto MolDx* program and are supported by a robust portfolio. Recent milestones for the Breast Cancer Index growth platform include Medicare coverage in November 2014 and a very positive reception at the San Antonio Breast Conference in early December 2014.
*Subject to specific coverage limitations under a local coverage determination (LCD). Click here for detailed information on the LCD.
