한국의
Русский
An Item has been added!
View our Manufacturers
Fluke
Full Line Card
> Cable Management
> Interconnect Adapters, Pins and Sockets
> Self-Clinching Hardware
Electrical & Electronic Connectivity
Fuses, Fuse Holders & Circuit Holders
Electronic Hardware, Fasteners
Self-Clinching Fasteners
Premium Drawer Slides for
Industry-Leading Wire, Cable, Tubing & More
Cable Management &
Identification Solutions
Sealing Fasteners & Components
Spacers, Standoffs & More
Electronic Hardware, Handles & Precision Fasteners
Original Wedge-Locking &
Vibration Proof Washers
Plastic Fasteners
Custom Manufacturing
From Aeroquip Performance
Products by Eaton
"industries is a global distributor of electronic components, specialty fasteners, and hardware.
leverages relationships with an extensive network of manufacturers to provide our clients with
Search or browse items to find pricing, availability, and place orders at the click of a button."
00-56Certification
Supply Chain Servicesindustries is a premier distributor of Electronic Components and Fasteners used for production in Aerospace, Communication, Computer, Fabrication, Industrial Equipment, Instrumentation, Marine and Military Industries. We strive to be our customers' sole supplier of electronic components and fasteners by being a local presence, providing exceptional service and offering one-stop-shopping.
In addition to having a broad line we provide unsurpassed customer service. While other distributors refer smaller customers to call centers, industries understands that every customer deserves personalized service. That is why every inquiry will be directed to a trained sales professional knowledgeable in a specific category, who will be able to quote, give feedback or reference an alternative item within four hours. Our excellence in inventory management enables us to pass down cost savings to our customers. Product managers constantly analyze our stock and usage trends to ensure that we have the parts our customers need in stock, shortening lead times and improving costs.Select Language:
한국의
Русский
An Item has been added!
Essentra (Richco)
Fiber, Wire & Cable Management
Essentra (Richco) Products Selection Tool
Fiber, Wire & Cable Management
Fiber, Wire & Cable Management Selection Tool
 is a preferred distributor of Fiber, Wire & Cable Management
Fiber, Wire & Cable Management SubCategories
Cable Bushings
Cable Clips & Clamps
Cable Conduits, Wraps & Accessories
Cable Glands & Accessories
Cable Ties & Mounts
Fiber Management
Grommets
00-56Certification
