Innovative Electrical — Built to last
Fuses and Fuse Blocks
Use the Circuit Wizard to select the correct wire size, circuit breaker or fuse type and amperage, and fuse holder.
The Circuit Wizard app is available for 
Use the Panel Wizard to design and order a Custom 360 Panel.
Design a Custom 360 Panel using a worksheet, click to download worksheet.
is experiencing operational difficulties in our Bellingham location.
We thank you for your patience while our team restores the facility to full capacity.
Boston Whaler specifies battery management and circuit protection products aboard their award-winning boats, including the 370 Outrage.
Municipalities around the country use products as a full electrical system solution for their fleet of emergency response vehicles.
EarthRoamer expedition vehicles rely on to protect critical circuits aboard their vehicles, including the XV-LT.
e-Series Dual Circuit Plus Battery Switch
Pursuit manages batteries on their flagship OS385 Offshore with Dual Circuit Plus™ Battery Switch.
The M2 Digital Monitors measure essential electrical system parameters with adjustable alarms and an auto-dimming display in a compact enclosure. The gasket creates a waterproof seal on the unit face.
Reliability you require, features you desire. Automatic disconnect ejects power cords upon ignition to prevent damage.
See new products from Design Custom Panels
Use the Panel Wizard to design and price a Custom 360 Panel.
Select the correct wire size, circuit breaker or fuse, and fuse holder.
The Installer program connects certified installers with customers.
View original equipment installations on boats, vehicles, and renewable energy platforms.
View commonly used system diagrams for electrical system projects.
Browse support documentation and find answers to your questions.
 designs and manufactures and electrical products engineered to withstand the demanding applications in Marine and Specialized Vehicle electrical systems. Products are shipped from the company’s Bellingham, Washington manufacturing facility to distributors and original equipment manufacturers worldwide.
Upgrade your browserInnovative Electrical — Built to last
Fuses and Fuse Blocks
Use the Circuit Wizard to select the correct wire size, circuit breaker or fuse type and amperage, and fuse holder.
The Circuit Wizard app is available for 
Use the Panel Wizard to design and order a Custom 360 Panel.
Design a Custom 360 Panel using a worksheet, click to download worksheet.
is experiencing operational difficulties in our Bellingham location.
We thank you for your patience while our team restores the facility to full capacity.
Over 1,000 electrical products are designed to work together as a fully integrated system.
Just in time manufacturing has made rank among the top 5% of marine manufacturers for rapid order fulfillment.
Product quality is managed in a manner consistent with international standards.
distribution network in over 44 countries provides access to products.
24-hour access to product information, selection tools, and technical articles online.
Industry involvement ensures products meet ABYC, NMMA, and Coast Guard standards.
 to reach customer service Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm Pacific Time.
stands behind its products for as long as you own them. will replace or issue a credit for any of its products found to be defective in materials or manufacture. P12 Battery Chargers and P12 Remote Displays are warranted for a period of five years from the date of first purchase. Digital Meters and Vessel System Monitors are warranted for a period of three years from the date of first purchase. No compensation will be allowed for products not returned to for analysis, nor will compensation be made for labor required to replace any defective product. Please contact 
 for an number prior to shipping any product back to Systems.
 engineered for the harsh marine environment and built to last.
 with our products.
2018 Supplier of the Year – First Runner Up
2016 Supplier of the Year – First Runner Up
2014 Supplier of the Year
2012 Supplier of the Year – First Runner Up
2011 Supplier of the Year – First Runner Up
2005 Innovation Awards Finalist – Dual Circuit Plus Battery Switch
2005 Innovation Awards Winner – Dual Circuit Battery Switch
