At Ingelheim, we are constantly striving towards a better future, and a better life for your pet. Learn more >
As a leader in equine health, is committed to innovation and development. Learn more >
Whether it’s prevention, treatment, or industry advancement, we are committed to offering cattle-centric solutions that allow your herd to perform at its peak.  Learn More >
We are dedicated to providing both effective vaccines and practical, research-proven solutions that prevent disease and result in healthier, productive pigs. Learn more >
In addition to a broad portfolio of products and vaccines, provides strong leadership in the animal health industry by providing numerous innovations spanning diagnostics collaboration, disease management tools, and other industry support and education opportunities.
At Ingelheim, our love for keeping animals healthy and thriving drives who we are and what we do each day. We believe in applying our resources, talents, and scientific expertise to address some of the world’s most significant animal health challenges.
We care for animals. When they are healthy, humans are healthier too. We commit to making the industry even better at improving both human and animal health. Learn more about Merial.
At Ingelheim, our love for keeping animals healthy and thriving drives who we are and what we do each day. We believe in applying our resources, talents, and scientific expertise to address some of the world’s most significant animal health challenges.
An animal health company should provide more than just products to help its customers.
 That’s why the Vetmedica, Inc. (BIVI) Swine Division is dedicated to providing both effective vaccines and practical, research-proven solutions that prevent disease and result in healthier, productive pigs.
Disease prevention can make or break a pig’s performance, because healthier pigs reach heavier weights. In fact, we have found that pigs receiving vaccines and raised with other disease prevention protocols weigh more than their less healthy counterparts. Which means if you’re not preventing, you’re not profiting as much as you could.
If you have a question about one of our animal health products, please contact a member of our Veterinary Technical Services team.
We are an equal opportunity employer. M/F/D/V
Our People are our Greatest Asset
In a world where business is driven by short term financial goals, Vetmedica, Inc. (BIVI) is truly a company with a different philosophy.
Although we are one of the largest and fastest growing animal health companies in the US, we have been able to maintain a dedication to our values. Our focus is on helping our customers and their animals. Simply put, we have remained committed to doing the right thing - for our customers, our communities, our employees and everyone we serve. At BIVI, we realize that our strength and competitive advantage lie with our people. We support our employees in a number of ways to create a healthy working environment - meaningful work, diversity, mobility, networking and work-life balance.
We are an equal opportunity employer. M/F/D/V
"We are passionate about animal health and recognize the critcal importance of serving animal health needs globally, with a special focus on prevention.  We know that when animals are healthy, humans are healthier, too."
guiding principle of the family has always been to provide Value through Innovation to our customers. We strive to provide our customers with the most innovative vaccines and pharmaceuticals with the highest therapeutic value. We believe prevention is a better approach to animal health.
Our vision is to foster the health and well-being of mankind by contributing to an adequate supply of safe and nutritious food and by promoting the emotional and physical benefits arising from the human animal bond. Simply, our hope is to one day vaccinate or provide treatment for all major species.
Merial is now part of Ingelheim.
Quick access for journalists to the latest news, press releases and articles from Vetmedica, Inc. (BIVI) that cover corporate, research & development, and animal health news.
Introducing SEMINTRA® (telmisartan oral solution) —The First FDA-Approved Liquid Solution For Feline Hypertension 
to Donate 75,000 Doses of Rabies Vaccine to the Global Alliance for Rabies Control Through Shots for Good Initiative
FeedTwo Complementary companies, and Merial, unite through a passion for animals and a joint history of integrity, quality and trust.
becomes the 2nd global player in animal health.
Animal Health surpasses $1 billion in sales for the first time.
expands animal health operations in the United States with the acquisition of Philips Roxane.
Achor Serum Company is acquired by North American Philips, later known as Philips Roxane.
Ingelheim's Animal Health division was established as the company takes over Pfizer's veterinary program.
True Davis develops first hog cholera vaccine in St. Joseph, MO, and establishes Anchor Serum Company in the United States.
Merieux founded the Institut Biologique Merleux (Merieux Bilogical Institute), in Lyon, France. This early vaccine research and production center was the starting point for the animal health endeavors that would one day become the company Merial.
family-owned company with 28 employees, headquartered in Ingelheim, Germany was founded by Albert Boehringer.Home
Introducing SEMINTRA® (telmisartan oral solution) —The First FDA-Approved Liquid Solution For Feline Hypertension 
to Donate 75,000 Doses of Rabies Vaccine to the Global Alliance for Rabies Control Through Shots for Good Initiative
Researchers focused on infectious respiratory disease in pigs may apply for research awards
approves NexGard®  (afoxolaner) for the prevention of infections that cause Lyme disease in dogs
Annual National Veterinary Scholars Symposium Showcases Young Talent and Value of Hands-on Research Opportunities for Students
Newport Laboratories is now part of Announcing 2018 Recipients of the Awards for Advancing Research in Respiratory Disease
Introducing Ingelvac Provenza™—the birth of a new generation in swine protection.
FeedVetmedica, Inc. (BIVI) supports the Davis Disease BioPortal , operated and maintained by the Center for Animal Disease Modeling and Surveillance at the University of California, Davis. The BioPortal provides disease detection, analysis, and communication within the animal health industry.
is proud to partner with the National Cattlemen's Beef Association  Beef Quality Assurance (BQA) program  and its efforts within the cattle industry to educate and certify producers and their staff on best practices for cattle production. certification helps producers demonstrate their commitment to excellence in beef production.
supports the Equine Endocrinology Group (EEG) annual meeting of clinicians and researchers from different countries to discuss specific topics and present current research on equine endocrine disorders.
BIVI’s Health Management Center (HMC) facilitates the continual improvement of health, performance, and quality for the pork industry. Since 2004,  has been 17025 accredited by the American Associated of Laboratory Accreditation. Laboratories that are accredited to this international standard have demonstrated that they are technically competent and are able to produce precise and accurate test and/or calibration data.
We’ve joined with the Petfinder Foundation and The Animal Rescue Site for “Shot at Life … Join the 2 Million Pet Challenge!” to help vaccinate 25 percent of the shelter population.
Learn more about the challenge by visiting PetFinderFoundation.com or TheAnimalRescueSite.com .
Get the most possible with consistent therapy.
The Partners in Compliance™ program is a rewarding way to keep therapy on track.
Provides helpful tips and reminder emails to encourage compliance with the recommended pain management regimen.
Enroll in the Partners in Compliance program to help your customers receive up to $10 on each prescription.
Important Safety Information: As a class, cyclo-oxygenase inhibitory NSAIDs may be associated with gastrointestinal, kidney, or liver side effects. The most common side effects reported in field studies were vomiting and soft stool/diarrhea. These are usually mild, but may be serious. If side effects occur, pet owners should halt therapy and contact their veterinarian. Pets should be evaluated for pre-existing conditions and currently prescribed medications prior to treatment with METACAM, then monitored regularly while on treatment. Concurrent use with another NSAID, corticosteroid, or nephrotoxic medication should be avoided.
The safe use of Oral Suspension and Solution for Injection in dogs younger than 6 months of age, dogs used for breeding, or in pregnant or lactating dogs has not been evaluated.
The safe use of Metacam 5 mg/mSolution for Injection in cats younger than 4 months of age, cats used for breeding, or in pregnant or lactating queens has not been evaluated. Repeated use of meloxicam in cats has been associated with acute renal failure and death. Do not administer a second dose of meloxicam. Do not follow meloxicam dose with any other NSAID.
Potential research partners can submit their opportunities for consideration on our online portal. An initial assessment of how your opportunity might fit relative to our business strategy will typically be provided within 5 business days.Disclaimer
