Discover Company, news and careers
How to Buy
Bostik's Resilient Installation Systems 
Go-To adhesives for just about any job
Find out what’s core to great core integrity
Get the Whitepaper
Reduce complexity, Improve Recyclability
with innovative coatings for clear flexible packaging
about our products
Atwater Lounge January 16-17 in Detroit, MI.
 With many different tile products specified, one full system for the installation of all hard surface products was required. was that choice.
 Install 26,000 square feet of wood parquet over concrete flooring with high (relative humidity), with a complex structural design and an expected large amount of indoor foot traffic.
Winner of the Design ‘Gather 2018 Competition Announced
            The winning mosaic of the 2018 Design ‘Gather competition, sponsored by Bostik, was revealed at a special reception in New York City. Architects, designers, and industry leaders gathered at the Cupola on the rooftop of The NoMad Hotel, to watch the unveiling of “Starry Nights” designed by Kavitha Iyer.
Join a team that makes things happen!
Markets & Applications
Bostik, an Arkema companyadhesives are found almost everywhere
Want to know more about Bostik, our history, our values or our strategy? Here you’ll find a wealth of information about us.
Our business is about much more than sticking things together. For over a century, we have developed smart solutions that touch and improve people’s daily lives.
adhesives can be found almost everywhere. From cradle to grave, from home to office, from food to transport, our bonding systems are used in countless applications. Our products might be subtle but their impact is profound: contributing to a safer, more flexible, efficient and responsive world. 
global leader in adhesive technologies 
is one of the largest adhesive and sealant companies. Worldwide, we employ some 5,000 people in 50 countries across five continents. Our customers come from diverse markets, most notably the industrial manufacturing, construction and consumer sectors. 
adhesives are used in the manufacture and assembly of products in a wide range of sectors, including construction, automotive, aerospace, rail, packaging, tapes, labels, flexible lamination and footwear.
Our industrial activities are extensive and we partner with some of the biggest names in manufacturing, from leading car brands to fast moving consumer goods giants. 
We pursue innovation vigorously, applying the latest technological advances to developing ‘smart’ adhesives. Our archives are laden with examples of technologies that have disrupted markets - from potato starch-based wallpaper paste to elastic attachment adhesive for diapers.
Today, our commitment to innovation is as strong as ever. We innovate with our customers through a global R&network, comprising three international Smart Technology Centers and 11 regional centers. And we differentiate our business through this investment. That’s why in 2014, 15% of sales came from products launched in the previous three years.
By continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our use of cookies to provide the ‘smartest’ possible experience. To find out more:    Click here
For products, support & sales
Markets & Solutions
Our leading technologies
Discover Company, news and careers
About Arkema
world player in speciality chemicals – and a smart fit with global chemical company and France’s leading chemicals producer, Arkema has 137 production sites and 13 research centers across some 50 countries and employs around 19,200 people.
The Arkema group generates annual revenues of €7.5 billion, and holds leadership positions in all its markets with a portfolio of internationally recognized brands.
Building the future of the chemical industry
With the acquisition of in February 2015, Arkema has taken significant steps in completing a project fully in line with its strategy to:
strengthen its position in speciality chemicals
continue developing its High Performance Materials segment
By 2020, the Arkema group is aiming to become one of the global leaders in speciality chemicals and to generate sales of €10 billion.
Our Leadership
Arkema Acquires Read more
 about our company
View Our Awards
Smart Adhesives?
Find Out Here
Fix & Flash from “Voted Product of the Year 2019”
            Arkema is expanding in engineering adhesives with the announcement of the acquisition of Afinitica, a Spanish company specializing in instant adhesives, also known as cyanoacrylates. This small targeted acquisition will enable to develop a solid position in adhesives used in markets with strong growth potential.
announces price increases
Effective November 1st 2018, will increase the prices of its products by an average of 7 to 9 percent, depending on business unit and region.
Launches Latest Hot Melt Adhesive Innovation in Kizen® Product Family
Bostik, a leading global adhesive specialist for industrial, construction and consumer markets, has announced it will launch Kizen HEAT, the latest hot melt adhesive in the Kizen product line for case and carton sealing applications, at this year’s in Chicago, on October 14-17.
Mydrin Italy
Markets & Solutions
