As the science behind your success, we're here to provide you the science you need, right at the intersection where your problems meet our solutions.
Completed in 2016, Bank Stadium gives Minnesotans a state-of-the-art multi-purpose facility for sporting events, concerts, family programs, and community events. To give fans a comfortable “outdoor” experience during the snowy winter months, a 240,000 square-foot translucent roof designed to endure heavy snow loads was installed. It was crucial that the roof's truss and supporting steel frame were installed to design and tested for structural integrity. That’s where came into play.
W&Environmental Group Joins Intertec, a premier geotechnical engineering, environmental consulting and testing firm, is pleased to announce it has acquired W&Environmental Group, (W&M), a Texas-based environmental consulting firm. 
Watford City, North Dakota was in desperate need of new education facilities following the boom of the Bakken oil fields. With the rapid growth, McKenzie County School District put forth an aggressive plan to build a state-of-the-art high school and event center that would meet the current and future needs of the school district. See how our geotechnical engineers employed innovative solutions to make this project a reality. 
Volunteering at Texas High School Civil Engineering Club
The Right Tool for the Job: Donating to Engineers Without Borders
©2019 Corporationis proud to be an employee-owned geotechnical engineering, environmental consulting, and testing firm which has grown to over 1,000 employee-owners.
At Intertec, our employees own the company through an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). Our employee-owner culture is a driver of our success. Because our employee-owners have a financial interest in the company, they have a vested interest in delivering quality services to our clients. The model is supported by developing programs that compensate, communicate to and inspire others to “think and act like owners.” We work to build a community of employee-owners through team-building events and activities.
Our workplace is full of engaged employee-owners who value and encourage a healthy workplace. At our firm, we promote employee health to encourage a productive lifestyle both at work and at home. Our wellness initiatives continue to have a positive impact on the lives and well-being of our people. We offer a variety of health management resources and tools focused on diet, nutrition, exercise, education, and disease-management. In addition, we continue to identify tools that address the health needs and priorities that are important to our employee-owners.
Innovating for our clients and contributing to our communities while preserving our independence.
To build mutually beneficial, trust-based relationships by delivering highly valued engineering, consulting, testing and design solutions.
To be both the Consultant of Choice and Employer of Choice
Integrity is the bedrock for the trust we earn every day
Respect for our clients, employees and communities
Entrepreneurial spirit that is promoted by independent employee ownership and creative action
Innovation that powers industry-leading solutions for clients
Sustainable growth that generates opportunities for employee achievement
How can our science be part of your next success?Over the years, the team has been recognized for their expertise and innovative solutions by many industries and publications. We are consistently recognized both for our work as well as being a great place to work.
Minnesota Brownfield's ReScape Awards - University of Combined Heat and Power Plant
Bismarck-Mandan Young Professionals Network - Top Ten Places to Work
Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal - Top Twin Cities Engineering Firm
Upper Midwest Entrepreneur of the Year - Jon Carlson
APWA-Project of the Year Award for Anoka County 14
Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist - Jon Carlson
Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal Fast 50 List - #38
Minnesota Society of Professional Engineers (MnSPE) Seven Wonders of Engineering Award - 610
Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal Fast 50 List - #39
Outstanding Achievement Award from Institute of Technology of the University of Minnesota
MnSeven Wonders of Engineering Award  - I-35Bridge Drilled Shaft
2001 Top 25 Engineering Firms by City Business - 2nd place
How can our science be part of your next success?Our History
In 1957, company founder Jack was newly graduated from the University of Minnesota with a in Civil Engineering when he started providing soil testing services from his Minneapolis home. As the company grew and evolved to adapt to industry changes, new services were added, including environmental consulting and geotechnical engineering. Extending beyond Minnesota borders, brought its expertise to other neighboring states, including North Dakota, Iowa, and Wisconsin. In 2015, our company has expanded further into Texas as well as into Kansas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma.
Today, is a 100% employee-owned consulting firm that provides geotechnical engineering, environmental consulting, and testing solutions for private and public sectors with offices across the central United States. As we continue to build relationships in emerging markets and recruit new talent, we never lose sight of our humble beginnings and the many strong and supportive relationships we have formed along our journey. It is our goal to be the Consultant of Choice. Each of our employees is dedicated to making this goal a reality every day by building strong client and business partnerships.
First modern drill rig owned by any local firm is purchased
Won second place in Top 25 Engineering Firms by City Business
Headquarters moves to current location in Minneapolis, MN
Jon Carlson, Chief Executive Officer, joined in 1988 and began working as an environmental technician. Recognized for his hard work, client relationship-building skills and dedication to the ongoing development of Intertec, he was steadily promoted and became a Principal and Vice President of the Environmental Consulting Group in 2000. In 2007, he was appointed President of Intertec, and in 2009, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer. As CEO, Jon provides leadership and direction to the strategic management team, which is responsible for strategic business planning and overall business leadership. His wide breadth of experience, combined with his practical know-how, resonates throughout the way he serves his clients and delivers value to many major projects. As Jon continues to lead the team, he remains committed to positioning as the overwhelming Consultant of Choice and Employer of Choice in our industry.  Jon received his in Geology, in Geophysics, and in Management of Technology from the University of Minnesota. He is a registered professional geologist and a certified hazardous materials manager.
Jon Carlson, Chief Executive Officer, joined in 1988 and began working as an environmental technician. Recognized for his hard work, client relationship-building skills and dedication to the ongoing development of Intertec, he was steadily promoted and became a Principal and Vice President of the Environmental Consulting Group in 2000. In 2007, he was appointed President of Intertec, and in 2009, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer. As CEO, Jon provides leadership and direction to the strategic management team, which is responsible for strategic business planning and overall business leadership. His wide breadth of experience, combined with his practical know-how, resonates throughout the way he serves his clients and delivers value to many major projects. As Jon continues to lead the team, he remains committed to positioning as the overwhelming Consultant of Choice and Employer of Choice in our industry.  Jon received his in Geology, in Geophysics, and in Management of Technology from the University of Minnesota. He is a registered professional geologist and a certified hazardous materials manager.
As President and Principal Engineer, Bob Janssen supervises project teams and reviews geotechnical and construction reports. Bob oversees the engineering and testing services for national retail clients and projects.  He has overseen more than 400 national retail store and 25 major distribution center projects located throughout the United States. He reviews engineering reports, performs peer reviews of other consultants, manages construction quality control, and provides consultation for particularly complex projects.  Bob holds a in Geological Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Carmen Borgeson is Chief Financial Officer at Intertec. Since joining the company in 2004, Carmen has been instrumental in helping the company weather the nation’s tough economic downturn more successfully than many other firms in the industry. In addition to helping her colleagues understand the intricacies of financial management, she has been active in the company’s mergers, acquisition and integration efforts. Carmen is a member of the finance committee for the Minnesota chapter of the American Council of Engineering Companies. Carmen holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin-River Falls and an from the University of Minnesota Carlson School Of Management.
Carmen Borgeson is Chief Financial Officer at Intertec. Since joining the company in 2004, Carmen has been instrumental in helping the company weather the nation’s tough economic downturn more successfully than many other firms in the industry. In addition to helping her colleagues understand the intricacies of financial management, she has been active in the company’s mergers, acquisition and integration efforts. Carmen is a member of the finance committee for the Minnesota chapter of the American Council of Engineering Companies. Carmen holds a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin-River Falls and an from the University of Minnesota Carlson School Of Management.
As Vice President of Engineering, Jeff oversees corporate strategic initiatives focusing on geographic and engineering growth. He also manages project teams involved with transportation, deep foundations and design-build projects.  Jeff joined in 2006, where he quickly ascended through the ranks to the position of Principal Engineer. He served as the lead geotechnical engineer for a number of large projects, including the I-35Bridge project where he oversaw a unique and important deep foundations testing program that was later recognized for its innovative and cost-saving design by the Minnesota Society of Professional Engineers, the Deep Foundations Institute and the Minnesota Chapter of the American Council of Engineering Companies. Jeff currently leads some of the largest projects at including the Fertilizer Plant in Wever, Iowa and the Red Rock Dam Hydroelectric project in Pella, Iowa. Jeff holds a in Civil Engineering from Iowa State University and a in Management of Technology from the University of Minnesota.
Dan is Chief Development Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. His responsibilities include: planning, sales, marketing and acquisitions. He also serves as a principal scientist assisting clients with company and facility acquisitions, regulatory agency liaison, property redevelopment, strategic transactional consulting, and environmental compliance assessments. Since joining in 1988, Dan has cultivated a significant client list that includes urban redevelopers, private equity firms, foundations and agricultural corporations. Dan received an degree from the University of St. Thomas and a in Geology degree from the University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology.
Dan is Chief Development Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. His responsibilities include: planning, sales, marketing and acquisitions. He also serves as a principal scientist assisting clients with company and facility acquisitions, regulatory agency liaison, property redevelopment, strategic transactional consulting, and environmental compliance assessments. Since joining in 1988, Dan has cultivated a significant client list that includes urban redevelopers, private equity firms, foundations and agricultural corporations. Dan received an degree from the University of St. Thomas and a in Geology degree from the University of Minnesota, Institute of Technology.
John McCormick joined in 2016 and serves as the Chief Operating Officer. As a seasoned C-level business executive, John brings over 30 years of broad operations and financial experience. In particular, John has an extensive background with growing employee-owned companies. Prior to joining Intertec, John led operations and financial teams at companies within the service, technology and manufacturing industries. His organizational experience ranges from start-ups to large mid-cap organizations.  John began his career at Arthur Andersen & Co.  He is a certified public accountant (inactive) and received the notable Elijah Watt Sells award. John earned a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from the University of Wisconsin – Stevens Point and completed the Minnesota Executive Program at the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota. John is a board member for Realityworks and Kreg Tool, both companies. He also serves on the boards of Bolder Options and the Pinkyswear Foundation.  John formerly was a board member of Employee Corporations of America (ESCA).  John is active in the philanthropic community and volunteers as an adaptive downhill ski instructor for skiers with physical and cognitive disabilities.
Bridget O’Brien joined in 2013 and serves as Chief People Officer. She leads both the human resources and safety teams to develop, drive, and champion programs that will attract, retain, protect and develop the best talent at Intertec. Bridget has extensive experience in all aspects of human resources management. She has a passion for helping employees grow, and a long history of interest in science and technology. Bridget has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Business, as well as Biology, from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Bridget O’Brien joined in 2013 and serves as Chief People Officer. She leads both the human resources and safety teams to develop, drive, and champion programs that will attract, retain, protect and develop the best talent at Intertec. Bridget has extensive experience in all aspects of human resources management. She has a passion for helping employees grow, and a long history of interest in science and technology. Bridget has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics and Business, as well as Biology, from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota.
As of Technology, Jim Bird is responsible for Information Technology planning, services, operations, and support. In addition, Jim leads our Business Technology team that includes System Operations, Development and Data, Project Management Office and Project Management as a Service. Jim is a member of the Executive Leadership team, helping fulfill organizational goals and strategic planning. Prior to joining Intertec, Jim served as Director of Technology at Walser Automotive Group and Director of Technology at Jim is a veteran of the United States Air Force.
As General Counsel, Jennifer Clayson Kraus reports directly to Jon Carlson, of Intertec, and serves as a member of the executive leadership team. Kraus is responsible for the firm’s legal affairs, risk management and compliance matters, as well as providing guidance on business strategies. Prior to joining Intertec, Kraus served as General Counsel at Parsons Electric, a leading electrical and technology construction contractor, for over a decade. While at Parsons, Kraus established and led an internal legal team. In addition, Kraus helped develop strategic growth initiatives as a member of the corporate executive management team. Kraus holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Hamline University and a Juris Doctorate degree from Valparaiso University School of Law. She is active in the industry and serves as a Legislative Affairs Committee Member for the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota. Kraus is also a member of the American Bar Association and the Minnesota State Bar Association.
As General Counsel, Jennifer Clayson Kraus reports directly to Jon Carlson, of Intertec, and serves as a member of the executive leadership team. Kraus is responsible for the firm’s legal affairs, risk management and compliance matters, as well as providing guidance on business strategies. Prior to joining Intertec, Kraus served as General Counsel at Parsons Electric, a leading electrical and technology construction contractor, for over a decade. While at Parsons, Kraus established and led an internal legal team. In addition, Kraus helped develop strategic growth initiatives as a member of the corporate executive management team. Kraus holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Hamline University and a Juris Doctorate degree from Valparaiso University School of Law. She is active in the industry and serves as a Legislative Affairs Committee Member for the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota. Kraus is also a member of the American Bar Association and the Minnesota State Bar Association.
Greg Bialon is a Vice President and oversees the Drilling group at Intertec. Greg joined in 1988 as an engineering technician, where his duties included performing compaction tests, concrete cylinder tests, field inspections and soils investigations.  With a well-rounded background in drilling operations and engineering, Greg serves as a valuable mentor to new staff in both the Drilling and Engineering groups. Greg holds a in Geological Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Greg Bialon is a Vice President and oversees the Drilling group at Intertec. Greg joined in 1988 as an engineering technician, where his duties included performing compaction tests, concrete cylinder tests, field inspections and soils investigations.  With a well-rounded background in drilling operations and engineering, Greg serves as a valuable mentor to new staff in both the Drilling and Engineering groups. Greg holds a in Geological Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Dave Bomersine is Vice President of Operations and leads the construction materials testing (CMT) service area for the company. He has more than 25 years of experience in the construction management and inspection industries. Dave is a member of the Board of Directors and serves on the Employee Stock Ownership Program Retirement Plan advisory committee. Dave earned his in Organizational Management and Communication from Concordia University.
Mike Bratrud is a Vice President and also an Operations leader. Mike also serves as a chair of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Advisory Committee where he is involved in promoting an employee ownership culture within Intertec. Mike is well respected in the industry and viewed as a role model by his staff because of his technical proficiency and ability to engage and inspire others. Mike received a in Geology from Gustavus Adolphus College and completed graduate coursework in Geology at the University of Minnesota in Duluth. He joined in 1998.
Mike Bratrud is a Vice President and also an Operations leader. Mike also serves as a chair of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan Advisory Committee where he is involved in promoting an employee ownership culture within Intertec. Mike is well respected in the industry and viewed as a role model by his staff because of his technical proficiency and ability to engage and inspire others. Mike received a in Geology from Gustavus Adolphus College and completed graduate coursework in Geology at the University of Minnesota in Duluth. He joined in 1998.
Charles Brenner is a Vice President and a Principal Materials Engineer who leads the Building Sciences group at Intertec. He has extensive training and experience with construction issues related to building envelopes, pavements, landfills and industrial plants. He has consulted with clients and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on major flood recoveries. Charles performs property condition assessments, investigates failures and prepares recommendations for historic building restorations. He assesses water damage and mold issues in buildings, and oversees repair plans. Charles holds a in Civil Engineering from the University of Wisconsin-Platteville.
Marv Denne is a Vice President and manages the company’s Nondestructive Examination Services (NDE) group. Marv has nearly 35 years of experience during his tenure at Intertec. He has been instrumental in building one of the region’s largest practices. He has been involved with thousands of projects for clients, is an American Society for Nondestructive Testing (ASNT) National Level III, and has many other national certifications. He works with a number of clients in the refinery, power generation, manufacturing and fabrication markets. He is also a member of the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Program Retirement Plan advisory committee. Marv received his degree in Nondestructive Testing Technology at Ridgewater College.
Marv Denne is a Vice President and manages the company’s Nondestructive Examination Services (NDE) group. Marv has nearly 35 years of experience during his tenure at Intertec. He has been instrumental in building one of the region’s largest practices. He has been involved with thousands of projects for clients, is an American Society for Nondestructive Testing (ASNT) National Level III, and has many other national certifications. He works with a number of clients in the refinery, power generation, manufacturing and fabrication markets. He is also a member of the company’s Employee Stock Ownership Program Retirement Plan advisory committee. Marv received his degree in Nondestructive Testing Technology at Ridgewater College.
Greg Ebeling is a Vice President and Operations Manager for our Nondestructive Examination Services (NDE) group. Since joining in 1991, he’s held many key responsibilities such as the coordination of the department’s quality assurance/quality control program. Greg is heavily involved in business development opportunities for the group and has helped to secure many high-profile projects over the years. He is a certified American Petroleum Institute (API) 570 Piping Inspector as well as an American Welding Society (AWS) Certified Welding Inspector. Greg received his degree in Nondestructive Testing from Ridgewater College.
Ken Haag is a Vice President and oversees operations of the offices in southern Texas and North Dakota. Ken has more than 25 years of experience serving oil and gas clients throughout North Dakota. From gas plants and pipelines to load out facilities and more, Ken is a seasoned veteran in the industry for geotechnical engineering, drilling, testing, and environmental services. His knowledge and expertise of the industry brings safety and solutions to his clients time and time again.
Ken Haag is a Vice President and oversees operations of the offices in southern Texas and North Dakota. Ken has more than 25 years of experience serving oil and gas clients throughout North Dakota. From gas plants and pipelines to load out facilities and more, Ken is a seasoned veteran in the industry for geotechnical engineering, drilling, testing, and environmental services. His knowledge and expertise of the industry brings safety and solutions to his clients time and time again.
Mike Heuer is a Vice President and Principal Engineer. Since joining the company in 1978, he has been responsible for developing and maintaining client relationships in the geotechnical and construction-related market sectors. With his experience and training, he developed the “Five Levels of Client Relationship Model” for Intertec. Developing project-specific teams and scopes of work to provide the services that our clients need to achieve their geotechnical and construction-related goals are part of his overall responsibilities. He also serves as the corporate claims manager and liaison with corporate counsel. Mike remains actively involved with the University of Minnesota Civil, Environmental and Geo-Engineering Department and serves on the Professional Advisory Board. He is also a member of the committee. Mike holds a in Civil Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
As Vice President and Principal Engineer, Ray Huber has almost 40 years of experience working in all sector groups such as industrial, office buildings, high-rise housing, housing subdivisions, and transportation. Ray has a degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
As Vice President and Principal Engineer, Ray Huber has almost 40 years of experience working in all sector groups such as industrial, office buildings, high-rise housing, housing subdivisions, and transportation. Ray has a degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Gregg Jandro is a Vice President and Principal Engineer. He is responsible for setting up major project work scopes, consulting on large geotechnical and construction projects, and helping lead the strategic initiatives for the markets that serves. Gregg is known for his comprehensive knowledge of the construction process and his attention to detail. Gregg holds a degree in Geological Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
George Kluempke, Retired PE
George Kluempke, Retired PE
George Kluempke currently serves as Principal Consultant and Executive Advisor and helps lead strategic sales initiatives and public relations efforts.  He has been with the firm for over 45 years. During his tenure he has held several leadership positions within the organization, including Chief Operating Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board.  George is very active in a variety of engineering/environmental organizations. He is a past President of the American Council of Engineering Companies of Minnesota (ACEC/MN) and he currently serves as Chairman of the Political Action Committee (PAC) for ACEC/He has also served as Chairman of the American Council of Independent Laboratories (ACIL). In addition, he was instrumental in transitioning to a 100% ESOP-owned company in 2007. George has a degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
George Kluempke currently serves as Principal Consultant and Executive Advisor and helps lead strategic sales initiatives and public relations efforts.  He has been with the firm for over 45 years. During his tenure he has held several leadership positions within the organization, including Chief Operating Officer, President, and Chairman of the Board.  George is very active in a variety of engineering/environmental organizations. He is a past President of the American Council of Engineering Companies of Minnesota (ACEC/MN) and he currently serves as Chairman of the Political Action Committee (PAC) for ACEC/He has also served as Chairman of the American Council of Independent Laboratories (ACIL). In addition, he was instrumental in transitioning to a 100% ESOP-owned company in 2007. George has a degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Steve Nagle is a Vice President and a member of the Board of Directors. Steve leads the company’s business initiatives in North Dakota and provides strategic direction for our Oil and Gas and Water Infrastructure market groups. He is a primary contact for many major clients in the transportation, oil and gas as well as flood control market sectors. He is currently spearheading efforts in the flood control market sector and has been a key consultant for major flood control projects including the Red River Diversion project and the Fargo/Moorhead South Side flood control project. Also, he works closely with several oil and gas clients to provide forensic engineering services to remediate oil pads impacted by landslides and differential movement of tanks and piping. Steve's dedication, can-do attitude and strategic leadership have made him a significant asset for and his clients.  Steve earned a degree in Civil Engineering from North Dakota State University.
Sean Swartz is Vice President and Principal Engineer in our Minneapolis office. Sean’s primary responsibilities include leadership and oversight to the Twin Cities consulting group, which is comprised of geotechnical engineering, construction materials testing and environmental consulting personnel dedicated to providing exceptional client service. Sean started his journey with in the St. Cloud office in 1999, and previously lead our North Dakota engineering team and operations out of our Fargo office. Sean has a in Geological Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Sean Swartz is Vice President and Principal Engineer in our Minneapolis office. Sean’s primary responsibilities include leadership and oversight to the Twin Cities consulting group, which is comprised of geotechnical engineering, construction materials testing and environmental consulting personnel dedicated to providing exceptional client service. Sean started his journey with in the St. Cloud office in 1999, and previously lead our North Dakota engineering team and operations out of our Fargo office. Sean has a in Geological Engineering from the University of Minnesota.
Vice President and Principal Engineer in the Environmental Consulting division of Intertec.  Focusing on providing strategic advice and specific environmental engineering services for our clients throughout the United States particularly in the area of contaminated site investigation and remedial actions with a particular focus on real property transactions and Brownfield site redevelopment. Christopher Thompson has been providing environmental consulting and design engineering services to public and private sector clients since 1983. This work has ranged from discharge permit compliance to significant Superfund site redevelopment projects throughout the United States. This work involves complex regulation interpretation, agency negotiation, litigation support, planning, design engineering, contract management, construction management and significant written work products. Mr. Thompson is an expert in the redevelopment of contaminated Brownfield sites and has been providing specific services in this area for over 25 years.
How can our science be part of your next success?Go
owns and operates a substantial fleet of trucks and specialized equipment. This means the right equipment is available and operating at peak efficiency whenever and wherever there’s a job to be done.
Our drilling fleet includes more than 20 drill rigs that include truck mounted, flotation tired, tracked and skid rigs. In addition, we have rigs and a direct push GeoProbe®. With our rigs, sampling soils, rock coring, in-situ testing and instrumentation installations are all possible. Specialty services include: cone penetration testing (CPT) and seismic CPT, dilatometer testing, vane shear testing, geophysical surveys, push-probe sampling, angle drilling, barge-mounted drilling and down hole camera capabilities.
When your project calls for drilling inside a building, in tight places, or to evaluate environmental contamination, the GeoProbe is well-suited for the job. The rig is compact enough to navigate confined spaces and terrains that larger rigs cannot. Because the push probe collects continuous samples in the field, our engineers and scientists are able to characterize subsurface conditions quickly. The information collected by the GeoProbe can be used to evaluate the soils on your project site, help determine the flow of groundwater, identify contaminated areas and determine structural requirements for construction.
Cone Penetration Testing (CPT) rigs are one of the most popular and widely accepted in-situ soil tests for evaluating a site’s soil strength and support capabilities. Having both truck- and track-mounted rigs allow easy access to any site. technology evaluates subsurface geologic conditions continuously and in real time. The information collected helps optimize designs and reduce risks associated with building on your site. With this technology, we can gather real-time measurements that can be interpreted to make decisions on site, which saves time and offers flexibility in the project scope.
Ideal for tight areas or inside buildings, the skid-mounted auger drill rig performs probes and auger borings. Its smaller size makes it ideal for mounting on a barge for water projects.
Our nondestructive examination (NDE) field radiography units are equipped with the latest technology to provide efficient film processing capabilities and computer-generated reports in the field. Our fleet of radiography darkrooms and radiography equipment are updated and provide our technicians the best equipment to perform field inspections in an efficient and timely manner.
Giving back to our communities is important to the employee-owners at Intertec. We are proud to support the following causes and many more:
Braun/Professorship of Science and Technology at the University of Minnesota
The Trust for Public Land
Whether it’s supporting Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) education, environmental and local human services efforts, we believe these charitable giving priorities are a vital part of giving back to our professions as well as our communities.
©2019 Corporationplaces a high degree of importance on protecting the health and safety of its employee-owners. We lead continuous improvement initiatives related to our processes, procedures and safety culture. invests in safety by providing extensive employee safety training and development, enforcement of safe operating procedures, using quality safety equipment and engaging our employee-owners in actively focusing on safety every day. At all levels of our company, from the to all entry-level positions, safety is a priority.
is committed to health and safety. Our program is based upon:
Conducting work in a safe manner
Taking corrective action so that work may proceed safely
We continue to improve our safety systems and programs, which are designed to reduce risks and deliver continuous improvement. continues to be innovative in safe work practices by using job safety and hazard analysis tools to set expectations, guide procedures and shape behavior. We frequently conduct “toolbox talks” and share “safety moments” and behavior-based safety audits with co-workers.
Quality is key to client satisfaction at Intertec. Our goal is to deliver the highest quality to our clients on every project, everyday. We strive to continuously improve our processes and deliver quality services to our clients by utilizing an active quality team that includes employee-owners from around the company. We value employee input and support involvement in our continual improvement efforts. From our quality management system to routine quality audits, quality is an important priority at Intertec.
To provide our clients the highest level of service and expertise, we have developed a range of quality assurance programs and guidelines. Our employees both achieve and maintain the appropriate certifications based on the requirements of the construction and testing industries. These certifications are yet another part of our overall quality assurance program and demonstrates our high level of professionalism and commitment to quality.
Requiring our professionals to receive and maintain certification by many local and national industry organizations is just one of many ways that shows our commitment to providing you with quality service and a high level of client satisfaction.
For more information about our company certifications and accreditations, please contact us .
