Take control over your energy future with a 70% efficient renewable energy solution tailored to your needs. Merge energy independence, inflation protection and environmental stewardship at costs that make economic sense.
Brightleaf's cutting edge technology maximizes the harvest of the sun's power by producing not just electricity, but also heat for diverse purposes; space heating, hot water production, industrial processing, ice melt, even water purification.
High-efficiency installation means reduced energy costs and taxpayer savings, thanks to an innovative solution from Power.
Power provides you with a predictable, secure energy supply for your business or home. Our innovative solution gives you freedom from traditional energy sources and puts the power in your hands to monitor and control your energy usage.
Power's unmatched 70% energy efficiency places you at the cutting edge of the renewable energy revolution, a position that is beneficial to your company and to your community. Better yet, at the same time you are leading the way in cost reduction.
Power’s breakthrough efficiency leads to the fastest payback in the market. This rapidly eliminates a significant line item from your budget, while locking in decades of power at today's cost. At last, green energy that drives black to the bottom line.
Power’s mission is to harvest the power of nature cost effectively for the good of mankind.
Our company’s vision is to place power in your hands. Businesses and individuals…from snowy Albany
to sunny Arizona to sultry Angola...Power is here for you.
Everyone matters. We value our interaction with every person. We treat you the way we would like to be treated.
Simplicity isn’t simple. We push beyond the complexity to bring simple solutions to real problems…but that means continually asking questions. Why do it this way? Can we streamline this? Can we make installation and repairs easier? Can we save people money by doing this?
Every detail matters. The pursuit of excellence means to perform each and every task superbly…through completion and evaluation.
Life is giving. We see every customer, community and country as our opportunity to give and to serve. We want to place the power in your hands to transform your world.What if you could save money by harnessing the sun’s power? You could produce electricity and heat tailored to your needs:  powering your building, providing space and process heat, melting ice and purifying water.
An economically sensible system gives you freedom from traditional energy sources and puts the power in your hands to monitor & control your energy usage; this provides you with a reliable energy supply for your business or home.
Power was formed out of a com­bi­na­tion of envi­ron­men­tal and eco­nomic con­cerns. We assem­bled a team of world class sci­en­tists to address the prob­lem. We ulti­mately con­cluded that con­cen­trated pho­to­voltaic (CPV) could make solar costs competitive with utilities. We are proud to say we have achieved this goal and have brought the product to market.
Power is a company that seriously cares about its customers, cares about the environment, and cares about integrity. We are privileged to bring you a renewable energy system you can trust and that is cheaper than your utility company.
Collectors focus the energy of 1,000 suns (the same energy intensity as  the Space Shuttle rocket exhaust)
Heat harvest of 45%, with seasonal storage, makes solar economically viable in northern latitudes
Energy density conserves space; packing the power output of conventional in less than 1/4 of the space
Unique configuration reduces installation and maintenance costs while enabling bi-directional scalability
Proprietary tracking yields high accuracy, built-in error correction, and long-term reliability
State-of-the-art advancements  (12 patents pending)
Global tracking and nano-second, granular data collection and data communication
Real-time monitoring by Power, by customer or by both
System architecture designed for nontechnical installation, maintenance and repairs
Mr. Kiesewetter has been as a serial start-up entrepreneur for the past 35 years. He built three organizations from birth to valuations in excess of $100 and two others to valuations in excess of $50  He has been active in global philanthropy sthe 1970’s, chairing a substantial public charitable foundation. He has had a long-term interest in solar photovoltaics and has been powering his residence with sthe mid-1990’s.  He holds bachelor degree in history from Emory University, an from the University of North Texas in Accounting with a concentration in taxation, and has done additional graduate studies in law and theology.  He is a Texas certified public accountant.
Mr. Granzow is a degreed mechanical engineer from Bradley University. He has created and led organizations consisting of Manufacturing, Program Management, Product Marketing, Mechanical, Electrical, Reliability and Packaging Engineering at  Texas Instruments, Compaq, Dell, Chatsworth and NovaCentrix (a nano-materials startup).  He brings technical expertise in thermal transfer and his extensive product development experience with both in-house and contract manufacturers in multiple countries including the and the Orient which are particularly applicable to Power’s future.
