Patients & Caregivers
Healthcare Providers
Researchers & Partners
Our Medicines
Life & Science Magazine
United States
to Acquire Celgene
The Scientists Behind the Science
Sharon Cload is vice president of Molecular Discovery Technology at our Cambridge, Mass., site. 
Building Toward a Translational Future
Saurabh Saha leads the translational medicine team and returns to the Boston-area to build out the new R&facility in Cambridge.
Emerging Trends in Immuno-Oncology: Focus on Resistance
is underwriting a series in partnership with Scientific American,  offering expert perspectives on the latest challenges and discoveries in Immuno-Oncology (I-O).
Scientists on the Move
As an R&footprint expands, several colleagues saw an opportunity to explore new areas of science.   
For Ryan Moslin, senior immunology researcher at Squibb, all great discoveries start from the same place – an idea.
2018 Fourth Quarter and Full Year Results
increases fourth quarter revenues 10% to $6 billion.
The Role of Artificial Intelligence 
Clinical Trial Information for Researchers
Clinical trials and research are a critical part of bringing new medicines to patients.
Medical Information for Healthcare Providers
Information and resources to assist with caring for patients.
Help Paying for Your Medicines
If you are a patient in the struggling to understand your coverage or pay for your medication, we may be able to help.
Patients & Caregivers
Healthcare Providers
Researchers & Partners
Our Medicines
Life & Science Magazine
Forward-Looking Statement
 January 27, 2019
ristol-Myers is a differentiated company, led by our unique BioPharma strategy that leverages the reach and resources of a major pharma paired with the entrepreneurial spirit and agility of a biotech firm. We work every day to deliver innovative medicines for patients with serious and life-threatening diseases.
Each day, our employees around the world work together for patients – it drives everything we do. We are focused on helping millions of patients around the world in disease areas such as oncology, cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrosis. Through our R&organization, we have built a sustainable pipeline of potential therapies, and actively partner to access external innovation to broaden and accelerate our work.
As global citizens, we work sustainably, responsibly and seek to give back. Through the Foundation, we promote health equity and strive to improve health outcomes of populations disproportionately affected by serious diseases and conditions, giving new hope to some of the world’s most vulnerable people.
Our The values and principles commit us to the highest standard of moral and ethical behavior and affirms our conviction that "the priceless ingredient of every product is the honor and integrity of its maker."
AtlanticLIVE, underwritten by Squibb, is driving the conversations that address national cancer treatment challenges where they happen — in local communities.
Ethics and Compliance
Our policies and procedures are designed so that the and our partners conduct business in a legal, ethical and responsible manner. It's essential to our integrity and success.
Our workforce is globally diverse to create an inclusive, high-performance culture that is agile, entrepreneurial and accountable.
Preservation of natural resources is one of our key commitments. We lead the way with sustainable, ethical, and compliant global business practices that take care of patients, communities and the planet.
It's about doing the right thing for the patients we serve around the world. We take action on many fronts to reduce health disparities and improve outcomes in communities that are disproportionately affected by serious diseases.
We have been recognized as a top employer that fosters a diverse, innovative, and progressive workplace.
We promote health equity and seek to improve the health outcomes of populations disproportionately affected by serious diseases.List View Icon
United States
Our website offers content and information on many specific areas of interest. If you have a general question which is not answered on our website, please contact Customer and Community Relations.
Customer and Community Relations
Report Side Effects or Product Quality Complaints
Medical Information Contact Center
Have questions about our products or services? Chat with a live agent.
Medical Information & Services
Find Us on Social Media
There's one place to find out what is doing on social media. We invite you to find, follow and like us!
The Integrity Line is a telephone and web-based confidential reporting system hosted by Navex Global.
For outside the U.S., visit our 
 to report Side Effects or Product Quality Complaints or Medical Information inquiries.
This form is not intended for the reporting of side effects or product complaints associated with the use of prescription drugs. If you, or someone you know, have possibly experienced a side effect or have a product complaint while taking a product, please contact us at the phone number shown above.
Unable to submit the form, please retry. Sorry for the inconvenience.
Please fill out this required field 
Please fill out this required field 
Please fill out this required field 
Please fill out this required field 
Please fill out this required field 
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
British Indian Ocean Territory
Cote D'ivoire
France, Metropolitan
French Southern Territories
Heard Island and Mc Donald Islands
Micronesia, Federated States of
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Tokelau
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States
How Would You Describe Yourself?*
Please fill out this required field 
Health Care Professional-Doctor
Health Care Professional-Nurse
Health Care Professional-Nurse Practitioner
Health Care Professional-Other
Pharmacist
Potential Business Partner
What Is Your Area Of Interest?*
Please fill out this required field 
Sponsored Clinical Research
Early Patient Access
Grants & Giving
Investigator Sponsored Research
Medical Information Inquiries
Patient Assistance Programs
Other (Please Explain)
Other (Please Explain)
Please fill out this required field 
By providing your e-mail address, you agree to receive an e-mail response from to your inquiry. Your e-mail address will only be used to respond to your inquiry. The information you submit will be governed by our 
Patients & Caregivers
Healthcare Providers
Researchers & Partners
Our Medicines
Life & Science Magazine
Forward-Looking Statement
Researchers & Partners
In the Pipeline
Clinical Trials & Research
Independent Research
United States
Researchers & Partners 
Our vision is to discover, develop and deliver transformational medicines for patients through our internal discovery efforts and innovative collaborations and strategic business development opportunities.
We concentrate our research and development efforts on our core therapeutic areas, and are pursuing multiple drug platforms for each.
In The Pipeline
View the entire pipeline or customize your search by area of disease, development phase or modality.
Investigating Combinations in Cancer Research
Our Research & Development Team
Our people are dedicated to unlocking the potential of innovative science. Our curiosity, persistence and desire to solve complex problems allow us to pursue our goal of delivering transformational medicines to patients.
Our Research and Development Facilities
Take a look at the worldwide network of state-of the-art facilities where our discovery and development work happens.
We actively seek partners with access to cutting-edge science that complements the innovation coming out of our own labs. Our business development team collaborates with R&and organizations around the world to develop transformational medicines.
Independent Research
wishes to advance science through supporting novel, independent research that addresses unmet need surrounding our products and therapeutic areas.
In 2017, we invested $4.8 billion* in R&which included the discovery and development of new medicines for patients.
*This non-amount excludes significant upfront and milestone payments for business development transactions and other specified R&items. 
Input at Every Stage of Discovery
Evan Janovitz leads a team of veterinary pathologists and allied scientists in the Discovery Toxicology organization.
Patients & Caregivers
Healthcare Providers
Researchers & Partners
Our Medicines
Life & Science Magazine
Forward-Looking Statement
It's our commitment to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases. The strides we've made and the culture we've created are both highly regarded and recognized.
ver the years, and its employees have received numerous distinguished awards and recognitions, including the National Medal of Technology, the Lasker Award for Medical Research and the Prix Galien Award.
Year after year, we've been hailed as being one of the best companies for working mothers, a great place to work for scientists and an acknowledged industry leader in environment, health and safety.
Below is a selection of awards and recognitions we have received.
Military Friendly Employer
is recognized as a Military Friendly by Viqtory Media, showcasing the most powerful and effective military programs in the workplace. The final results are determined by combining an organization’s survey scores with an assessment of the organization’s ability to meet minimum thresholds in six areas critical to success:  Hiring & Onboarding, Opportunity & Advancements, Culture & Commitment, Support & Retention, Policies & Compliance and Recruiting & Sourcing.  
Supplier Diversity Program
is also recognized for its commitment to working with Veteran Owned Businesses by Viqtory Media. Military Friendly Supplier Diversity ratings are assessed through the evaluation of both public data about the organization and proprietary data gathered through its Military Friendly Supplier Diversity Program survey, which is now a part of the Military Friendly Companies survey. The annual, data-driven survey assessment is available at no cost to companies and federal contractors nationwide.
2018 Working Mother 100 Best Companies
We are one of the 2018 Working Mother 100 Best Companies — marking the 21th consecutive year that our has made the list. The was recognized for encouraging female advancement as well as the comprehensive array of benefits offered, including on-site childcare and flexible work options.
2018 Best Place to Work For Disability Inclusion
was named by  Disability: (formerly known as the Business Leadership Network, or USBLN) as one of the 2018 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion. The Disability:Disability Equality Index® (DEI) recognizes companies that prioritize the inclusion of people with disabilities. The Index measures key performance indicators across organizational culture, leadership, accessibility, employment, community engagement, support services and supplier diversity. The is a joint initiative of the American Association of People with Disabilities and Disability:IN.
2018 Best-of-the-Best Corporations for Inclusion by National Business Inclusion Consortium
For the third consecutive year, we were honored as a Best-of-the-Best list of corporations in America committed to diversity and inclusion by the National Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC), in collaboration with its partners in the National Business Inclusion Consortium (NBIC) . The Best-of-the-Best designation honors corporations for their commitment to America’s diverse employees and business owners, which includes LGBT, people of color, women, and people with disabilities. 
2018 Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award
is recognized as a 2018 STAR® Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award by the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Energy . We are engaged in comprehensive policies and programs to improve the energy efficiency at facilities worldwide.
2018 Top Companies for Executive Women
We’ve been named one of the 2018 Top Companies for Executive Women. The was recognized for prioritizing a diverse workplace, including the development and advancement of female employees, to ensure the is well positioned to meet current and future business challenges. In 2017, female employees and female promotions represented more than 50% of the workforce. 
World’s Most Admired Companies
was named to Fortune's World's Most Admired Companies list as part of the magazine's annual rankings.  The was No. 5 in the Pharmaceuticals category and ranked among the top three pharmaceutical companies for innovation and quality of management.
CareerBliss Happiest Companies in America for 2018
For the second year in a row, is one of the top 10 happiest companies in America. This award recognizes the top companies from around the nation that are succeeding in building a happier culture for employees. CareerBliss analyzes thousands of reviews to create the BlissScore, which includes factors such as culture, leadership, overall work atmosphere, and one’s relationship with coworkers.
Forbes and Capital’s 100 Most Companies
We are recognized as one of the 100 Most Companies in America by Forbes and Capital, based on a survey of Americans on the issues they care about most.  Measures include worker pay and treatment, job creation, healthy products and communities, environmental impact and more.  Our commitment to being a good corporate citizen is at the heart of who we are, what we do and how we do it.
Dow Jones' 2018 North American Index of Leading Sustainable Companies
We are recognized as one of Dow Jones’ 2018 North America Index of Leading Sustainable Companies. Our efforts to promote economic, social and environmental sustainability are core to our company’s mission and reflect our ongoing commitment to patients, our employees and partners, the environment and communities around the world.
The Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association 2017 Award 
The Network of Women (B-NOW) was honored with the 2017 Large (Advancement, Commitment, Engagement) Award by the Healthcare Businesswomen’s Association (HBA) . Squibb's B-global people and business resource group was recognized for impressive gender diversity metrics, strong governance structure, and strategic business and community partnerships, supported by senior executive leadership. 
For the ninth consecutive year, ranks in the top 20 of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens, a leading benchmark for socially responsible investors and other stakeholders published by Corporate Responsibility magazine. “We are proud to be recognized as a leader in Corporate Social Responsibility and sustainability, and will continue to strive to set the bar higher for ourselves, our partners and our suppliers.”
Challenge for Industry
Squibb's Hopewell, New Jersey site earned the 2017 Challenge for Industry recognition. The Challenge for Industry is a national call-to-action to improve energy efficiency of America's manufacturers by 10 percent or more.  By taking the Challenge, sites set a goal to reduce their energy intensity by 10 percent within five years.  To earn this recognition, the Hopewell site upgraded and optimized its chilled water plants, retrofitted two main boilers and the systems and performed full lighting upgrades, among other improvements.
100% score on the 2017 Corporate Equality Index (CEI)
For the 11th consecutive year, we received a perfect score of 100% on the 2017 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), a national review of workplace equality conducted annually by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation , the nation’s largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) civil rights organization.
Cancer Gold Standard
The Roundtable on Cancer has accredited with the Cancer Gold Standard™ recognizing our efforts to reduce the risk of cancer for employees and covered family members.
Most Admired in Supplier Diversity
We were recognized as a Most Admired in Supplier Diversity by Minority Business News as one of 101 companies that support minority business development through supplier diversity efforts to help ensure continued growth for small businesses. 
Pharmaceutical Executive Magazine/PharmExec.com’s 2016 Brand of the Year
Squibb’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab) was a unanimous selection or Pharmaceutical Executive Magazine/PharmExec.com’s 2016 Brand of the Year. Pharm Exec’s Editorial Advisory Board notes that Opdivo has “raced into the lead position in the treatment-shifting immuno-oncology space behind launches in three key cancers—melanoma, lung, and renal,” in announcing the 10th annual award in its May issue.
We were honored as a Top 30 Best-of-the-Best by the National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce in collaboration with its partners in the National Business Inclusion Consortium. This year’s inaugural list recognizes companies committed to diversity and inclusion across all community sectors.
Top 8 Pharma Companies to Work For
We are featured as one of the Top 8 Pharma Companies to Work For in a survey conducted by Biospace, a leading online community for industry news and careers. “People join because they are passionate about working for patients,” said Ann Judge, Global Head of Human Resources, Squibb. “We empower our people to pursue innovation and challenge the status quo. Our diverse global team is reflective of an inclusive culture that appreciates differences and embraces new ideas.”
2016 Top Companies for Executive Women
We’ve been named one of the 2016 Top Companies for Executive Women. The was recognized for leadership initiatives, executive mentoring and sponsorship programs for female employees. Additional education and training through our seven People and Business Resource Groups, five on-site child care centers and a new network for people who choose adoption were also highlighted. 
America’s Best Employers for 2016
is recognized by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for 2016. Our employees are committed to our mission to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help patients prevail over serious diseases.
World’s Most Innovative Companies for 2016 / Top 10 Most Innovative Companies in Biotech
Squibb’s OPDIVO® (nivolumab) received the Prix Galien 2015 Award for Best Biotechnology Product. This represents the second award from Prix Galien given to Squibb’s Immuno-Oncology portfolio. YERVOY® (ipilimumab) was awarded the prestigious Prix Galien prize for Best Biotechnology Product in 2012.
Best Places to Work across the and the U.K.
Glassdoor announced its seventh annual Employees' Choice Awards, honoring the Best Places to Work across the and the Winners were determined by the people who know these companies best -- their employees. was among the top 50 companies recognized as a best place to work.List View Icon
Our Research and Development Facilities
United States
For information about a specific facility, click the link from the list below or view just 
our research and development facilities
Shanghai, China
Aichi, Japan
Tokyo, Japan
Moreton, England
Agen, France - Distribution Centers
Rueil-Malmaison, France
Anagni, Italy
Devens, Massachusetts
Hopewell, New Jersey
Nassau Park, New Jersey
New Brunswick, New Jersey
Lawrenceville, New Jersey
Princeton Pike, New Jersey
New York City, New York
Syracuse, New York
Patients & Caregivers
Healthcare Providers
Researchers & Partners
Our Medicines
Life & Science Magazine
Forward-Looking Statement
Clinical Trials & Research
Clinical trials and research are a critical part of bringing new medicines to patients. Through the data generated from clinical trials, we answer important scientific questions and gain a better understanding about the efficacy and safety of these study medicines and their potential as treatment options for patients.
Our Clinical Studies
Investigator-initiated clinical research plays an important role in the study of our medicines and the diseases they are intended to treat. Learn more about opportunities for investigators below.
After a medicine is approved by the Food and Drug Administration, the agency may require post-marketing studies to add to the database of knowledge about a particular medicine and indication.
believes that making clinical trial information available to patients, investigators and researchers, and physicians is a critical part of our commitment to transparency, scientific exchange and ultimately innovation. Learn more about our disclosure commitment.
In this section you will find the summaries of the Clinical Study Report (CSR) for marketed products in the and the These CSRs were created as part of the clinical development process and can be an important part of regulatory application submissions around the world.Here are some things to keep in mind as you plan your job search:
Your plan: Invest time in thinking about your personal and professional goals and how you can apply your experiences to the journey ahead.
Your resume: It’s important to align your skills, training, and accomplishments—and their relevancy—to the job’s basic requirements. If you’re applying to more than one job, it’s often helpful to have several versions of your resume, each corresponding to the different roles/positions.
Your job search: Focus on jobs that not only interest you, but that you are also qualified to perform. well-written resume will help recruiters see how your skills align with the job.
Your interview: Before you interview with us, get advice from someone who’s been in your shoes. Your recruiter can connect you with one of our Veterans Community Network (VCN) ambassadors.
is an equal opportunity employer.  Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, gender expression, genetic information, political affiliation, or any other characteristic protected by law.  For our Policy Statement, please click  here . If you’d like more information on your rights under the law, please click here.   is the  and  Supplemental Information .
United States
Researchers & Partners
Featured Researcher - Sharon Cload
Sharon Cload, Ph.D
Vice President
Molecular Discovery Technologies
Sharon Cload serves as vice president of molecular discovery technologies at Squibb. There, she leads a multi-functional team that delivers designs, reagents and molecular characterization data across drug modalities and therapeutic areas. 
As head of her group, Sharon oversees all aspects of scientific exchange to ensure they flow smoothly. Sharon and her group are instrumental in helping drive early discovery in the lab. For example, by being able to engineer proteins, discover antibodies and generate antigens, their aim is to help solve problems that may bottleneck or disrupt the discovery process.  
“We partner with the biologists that have a specific problem they want to address, and help develop molecules that have the particular properties needed. We provide the engineering perspective, they provide the biology perspective, and that teamwork is really gratifying.”
Sharon joined in 2008. Previously, she spent time at various biotech companies in the Boston/Cambridge area. She received her Ph.in bio-organic chemistry from Yale University and is an inventor on over a dozen patents. 
Interests and Expertise
Sharon’s interest in the life sciences began at a young age. She realized her aptitude for chemistry in high school and decided to pursue a career that would allow her to put her natural aptitude for problem solving to good use.
“It’s my job to make sure that the right people are working behind the right lab bench, operating as a team to make a difference. By doing this correctly, we can create a self-motivated community that is excited about acting on new ideas,” she says.
Outside of the lab, Sharon’s main passion is running. As a West Coast native transplanted to Cambridge at the beginning of her corporate career, Sharon is now fully ensconced in her environment. She’s even completed the Boston Marathon four times. For Sharon, the parallel between running the lab and long-distance running is too great to be ignored. Like a marathon, drug discovery requires endurance, dedication and drive; but the success that comes with crossing the finish line makes it all worth it. 
Patients & Caregivers
Healthcare Providers
Researchers & Partners
Our Medicines
Life & Science Magazine
Forward-Looking Statement
