Economic and environmental advantages that build on the success of bioethanol
Patented technology enables cost-effective commercialization of a new biofuel molecule
today’s cars and fuel infrastructure
Working together to introduce bio-isobutanol to the market and meet refiner demand
Not only in transportation fuels and biotechnology, but across the entire biofuel value chain
The Bio-Isobutanol Advantage
Bio-ISObutanol has a number of significant advantages over existing ​biofuels:
Highest value biofuel which can be produced at existing ethanol production facilities enabling rapid scale-up of total product volumes
Can be blended into gasoline at higher concentrations, providing twice the renewable content in every gallon (regulations allow bio-isobutanol to be blended at 16% by volume vs. 10% by volume for ethanol)
Drop-in biofuel—can be used in existing vehicles and infrastructure
Improved refining economics—allows refiners to increase gasoline yield at lower cost
Does not separate in water, enabling bio-isobutanol to be  blended directly at refineries and transported via existing fuel infrastructure and pipelines
Butamax® Biofuels, a joint venture of and DuPont, has developed an innovative bio-isobutanol production technology offering a low-cost, high-value drop-in biofuel for global transportation fuels supply. Butamax technology is designed to convert the sugars from various biomass feedstocks, including corn and sugarcane, into bio-isobutanol using existing biofuel production facilities.
Butamax and Highwater Ethanol have broken ground on the company’s first bio-isobutanol retrofit project. Butamax’s cutting-edge technology package implements novel corn oil separation technology. This technology is part of a Butamax licensing opportunity, which is an integral part of the full retrofit to bio-isobutanol production and can be installed independently as a first phase of conversion.Butamax’s rigorous technology development and its commercialization strategy ensure competitive positioning in the automotive fuels sector and other industries.
We are developing a comprehensive licensing package that will supply current ethanol operations with new technology enabling the production of bio-isobutanol. We are also developing refining customers for bio-isobutanol, and will offer a secure, high-value market for bio-isobutanol produced with the technology. In addition, we’ll provide a full range of services to enable successful ethanol plant retrofits, including ongoing consultancy and technical support.
In 2011, Butamax announced the formation of the Early Adopters Group (EAG) and named the biofuel company Highwater Ethanol as the founding member. The Early Adopters Group is designed as a collaborative effort among leading biofuel production facilities to introduce bio-isobutanol to the market and match production volumes to demand. Currently, the Early Adopters Group consists of seven companies representing 10 facilities and nearly 750 million gallons per year in production volume.
Partnering with Early Adopters Group members, Butamax is launching commercial production of bio-isobutanol in the United States. On October 2, 2013, Butamax announced that we had begun Phase 1 of a retrofit of Highwater Ethanol’s plant in Lamberton, Minnesota for the production of bio-isobutanol. The cutting-edge separation technology package includes a novel corn oil removal system and is an integral part of a full retrofit to bio-isobutanol production. Construction is now complete and the facility is in full operation. After the successful operation of the first facility, Butamax will begin retrofitting multiple facilities simultaneously to match production to market demand.
In addition to industry partnerships, Butamax leverages the capabilities of its shareholders and DuPont, two world-class industrial and biotechnology companies.
Backed by Two Global Leaders