As a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company, we are committed to advancing our customers’ businesses in the transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer industries.
We work hand-in-hand with our customers to deliver solutions that not only meet their immediate needs, but enable them to tackle the opportunities of tomorrow.
We are committed to sustainable business practices that ensure the well-being of our employees, customers and the communities in which we operate.
Our technical expertise, global market presence and industry insights enable us to provide superior service and support to customers around the world.
Connect with us at our next industry event.
Learn how our products are used and discover the many benefits they enable in three unique settings: City, County and at Sea.
Our people are passionate, driven and entrepreneurial. Learn more about what it's like to be a member of our global team.
Delivering a broad range of products and solutions to customers in every corner of the globe.
is a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company serving key industries including transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer. Our people are empowered to share ideas, compare new findings, and collaborate to ensure we capture the best thinking across our global network.
Business-to-business company serving customers worldwide
New research center in Amersfoort, the Netherlands
We are proud to support the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC)
Our people around the world are recognized for excellence
We set new environmental goals and targets to help us drive performance
Our global philanthropic efforts give priority to science and technology education, safety, health and environmental improvements and programs that improve human services in our communities.
Your source for press releases, company information, images and more.
We have been innovating in the specialty chemical industry since 1882.
Our executive team and technology experts are frequently invited to speak at a wide range of industry events around the world. In addition, our sales and marketing teams attend leading industry trade shows and conferences to share our latest product breakthroughs. We encourage you to connect with us at our next event.
On January 29 at 9:15am Aurelien Du Pasquier, PhD, Lead Scientist, will present a paper on the Impact of Carbon Additives on Charge Acceptance Under Various Test Protocols. Each year, Europe brings together a global audience of battery technologists and their key suppliers for a must-attend week of development trends, breakthrough technologies and predictions of the market for years to come.
will be taking part in the 22nd edition of AMI's Thermoplastic Concentrates. This event has established a reputation as the place where key issues facing the industry are debated and discussed in an open and thought-provoking environment.
Held by the Solid Waste Association of North America (SWANA), SWANAPalooza is the premier technical gathering for professionals to explore environmental solutions for integrated solid waste management.
Michael Beaulieu, Global Application Development Lead, Tire, Cabot, will present on Innovations in materials, processes and business models for sustainable mobility. Tire Technology Expo 2019 is the world’s premier technology showcase. Exhibits of equipment and materials cover the complete spectrum of the tire manufacturing process. 
Since its premiere under the name of “Farbe und Lack” in 1991, the European Coatings Show has developed into today’s biggest and most important event in the world for the coatings industry.
PLASTIMAGEN® MÉis the industry’s premier expo in the region, where the world’s leading suppliers gather in a single forum to provide key decision makers with state-of-the-art solutions for:
The world’s largest congress for plastics experts in the automotive industry has been looking into current plastics applications and their uses in exteriors, interiors, engines, materials and technologies for over 40 years. With over 120 exhibitors along the entire value chain, the exhibition offers the ideal opportunity for networking with specialists.  
FeiPlastic is the largest space in Latin America for networking and presenting the latest trends and new product launches in the plastics sector. It is a prominent event with the most important names and brands in the market.  
Industry leaders and decision makers from the world’s largest battery organizations will convene at the 2019 Convention + Power Mart Expo to make important, strategic business decisions. Experience the premier event focused specifically on the lead battery market in North America and take advantage of the chance to network with an exclusive and concentrated audience of senior executives from major battery manufacturers.
The Battery Show Europe provides an unparalleled opportunity to source the latest design, production and manufacturing solutions from across the battery supply chain, including battery systems, materials, components, testing and recycling.
This show is intended to offer educational and technical presentations to create a profound understanding of the theory, science, manufacturing and marketing of coatings to highlight the improvement of coatings performance and functionality beyond traditional expectations. 
is a global leader in the specialty chemicals and performance solutions industry with more than 130 years of experience and approximately 4,500 employees around the world. We are committed to creating value for our customers, serving as 
, and meeting high expectations in our safety, health and environmental endeavors. Our people are passionate, driven and 
, and we apply our collective expertise to collaborate with our customers to make their products safer, healthier and more productive.
View our open positions
We are committed to diversity and inclusion and place a high value in creating an inclusive workplace where all employees can contribute, thrive and advance.
Learn More About Life at Our Employees
Our people are our most valued resource. We provide competitive salaries, ongoing training and new opportunities to grow.
We are proud of the fact that our overall 
 program is routinely ranked at or near the top of several well-known benefits surveys. Additionally, our employee development program is focused on providing competency-based advancement opportunities for every stage of your career.
We strive to support good citizenship by supporting local and global corporate giving initiatives.
Our employees around the world are encouraged to give back to their local 
 by participating in various outreach activities ranging from volunteering at schools to leading civic improvement projects.
We are a global leader in safety, health and environmental performance thanks to the commitment of our employees.
Our people continually demonstrate their passion for integrating excellence into our everyday business activities. Our manufacturing teams from around the world appreciate the 
 of what it means to work safely, respect the communities in which we operate, and work hard at protecting the environment.
We provide performance solutions that solve customers' challenges today while preparing them to meet tomorrow’s needs.
Our commitment to innovation is driven by a passion to advance our customers' businesses through our deep understanding of their 
 and the global trends that impact their operations.
An entrepreneurial spirit runs deep within our culture.
Every day at affords the opportunity to become part of an exciting new 
. As global leaders, we are constantly collaborating to advance our products in the transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer industries.
Do you have questions or concerns regarding the application process? Send us an 
Download our fact book to learn more about Cabot.
We have been innovating in the specialty chemical industry since 1882.
No matter where you do business, we can help.
If you’re looking for a technical or industry expert to discuss current trends in the chemical industry or within our end-use markets, please contact our 
. We are happy to connect accredited members of the media with our experts who can help tell the story.
Carbon Blacks for Elastomer Reinforcement
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Carbon blacks for elastomer reinforcement +1 800 322 1236
Through our corporate charitable contributions and community relations efforts, we support sustainability through activities in the areas of science education, safety, health and environment development, and community-based initiatives.
Our giving philosophy gives priority to science and technology education and literacy, recognizing that today’s students will be the thinkers, innovators and leaders of the future. Our goals are in line with the United States goals for advancing science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education. We support several programs that encourage students to pursue the sciences and explore its career opportunities. We also provide grants to support educators in these fields. 
Each year we make approximately 40 charitable contributions to nonprofits that serve the communities where we live and work around the world . In 2017, the Foundation donated or pledged approximately $850,000 in direct and in-direct support of a wide range of programs aimed to contribute to community success, improve science and technology literacy and support human services programs. In addition, at the facility level, we actively contribute a combined $600,000 in addition to our time and talent to support the communities where we work and live.
To ensure that our giving around the globe reflects the needs and priorities of our communities, and is meaningful to employees at our various locations, we ask each of our facilities to be responsible for identifying and submitting grant proposals on behalf of their facility for specific organizations they would like to see receive a grant from the Foundation. 
We make donations to non-profit organizations in line with our commitment to sustainable development. We strategically focus our donations in areas that leverage our expertise in science. We strive to maximize the impact of our investment through cash, product and in-kind donations, but also the talent of employee volunteers. Donations generally will be made only to eligible non-profit organizations for which a tax deduction is allowable under the United States Internal Revenue Code. No donations will be made under this policy to partisan political organizations, sectarian organizations whose services are limited to members of any one religious group, fraternal or veterans organizations, or individuals in support of a project for personal profit.  
(NYSE: CBT) is a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.
Our businesses deliver a broad range of products and solutions to customers in every corner of the globe, serving key industries such as transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer. We provide performance solutions that solve customers' challenges today while preparing them to meet tomorrow’s needs. Our commitment to innovation is driven by a passion to advance our customers' businesses through our deep understanding of their industries and the global trends that impact their operations.
The power of is that we combine this knowledge with our technical expertise and, ultimately partner with our customers to create value through innovation and technology. Our strength in research and development is a major reason why we have been an industry leader for more than 130 years in products  such as rubber and specialty carbons, cesium formate brines, activated carbon, aerogel, fine cesium chemicals, fumed metal oxides, graphenes, inkjet colorants, masterbatches and conductive compounds. We continue to innovate through @cabotlabs , which integrates our expert team of engineers, scientists and researchers with market intelligence and technology leadership to deliver solutions for tomorrow. 
With approximately 4,500 employees worldwide , our customers appreciate our global leadership positions in the industries we serve and our commitment to helping them grow wherever they do business. Our people are driven and inventive, and they represent some of the best technical, commercial and manufacturing talent in the industry. 
We value integrity, respect, excellence and responsibility. We are committed to living these values every day as they are an integral part of the way we conduct business with our customers, partners, distributors, shareholders and colleagues.
We are committed to improving our energy efficiency and process technology across our entire global footprint. We operate with sustainable business practices that ensure the well-being of our employees, customers and our surrounding communities. As a result, we have earned a reputation for producing high-quality solutions while continuing to set the industry standard with respect to sustainability and safety.
We are a team that cares deeply about our customers and shareholders. As a global enterprise with leading technical and market positions, we aspire to achieve superior financial performance for our stakeholders.
We will be the most innovative, respected and responsible leader in our markets – delivering performance that makes a difference. 
Our strategy is to extend our leadership in performance materials by investing for growth in our core businesses, driving application innovation with our customers, and generating strong cash flows through efficiency and optimization.This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this site without changing your browser settings, you are agreeing to Cabot’s use of cookies. 
                    We are well-positioned to support our global customers with manufacturing facilities and sales offices adjacent to major commercial hubs. Our technical service and customer support teams have a strong regional presence, making us truly a global leader in our industry.
Interested in learning more about our products and solutions, or want to obtain a price quote, place an order, inquire about a shipment, or pay an invoice? 
Contact a member of our sales, technical service or customer service teams
Comprised of our CEO, and the individuals responsible for our segments, regions and select functions, this team is responsible for the management of the company as a whole.
Our management executive committee sets our strategic direction and implements strategies both to maximize long-term shareholder value and achieve shorter-term objectives, defines priorities, establishes corporate-wide policy and manages governance and enterprise-level decisions. The individual members of the Management Executive Committee are responsible for the management and operations of our businesses, functions and regional operations.
Sean Keohane is president and chief executive officer of and a member of the Board of Directors. Since joining in 2002, Sean has held numerous key management positions including president of the Reinforcement Materials segment, president of the Performance Chemicals segment and president of the Asia Pacific region. Prior to joining Cabot, Sean worked for Pratt & Whitney, a division of United Technologies, in a variety of general management positions. Sean earned his from Harvard University and a in Finance from Providence College. Sean also serves on the Board of Directors of The Chemours Company (NYSE: CC) the American Chemistry Council and is a Trustee of Dexter Southfield School and the Boston Latin School Association .
Brian Berube joined in 1994 as an attorney in Cabot's law department. Since joining the company, Brian has held several key positions in the law department including deputy general counsel and business general counsel for all of Cabot's operating businesses. Prior to joining Cabot, Brian was a corporate attorney at Choate, Hall and Stewart, a Boston law firm, and a law clerk with the New Hampshire Supreme Court. Brian earned his Law degree from Boston College and a degree in Political Science from the College of the Holy Cross.
Senior Vice President and President, Performance Additives
Jay Doubman joined in 2006, and his most recent position was as senior vice president, corporate strategy and development, and president, Specialty Fluids segment. Since joining the company, he has held several commercial and business positions including vice president and general manager of the tire and elastomer composites product lines within the Reinforcement Materials segment, vice president of the Europe, Middle East and Africa region for the Reinforcement Materials segment, director of corporate strategy, and commercial director for the inkjet business. Prior to joining Cabot, he worked for Saint Gobain, as well as Bain and Company. Jay earned his from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania and has a in Mechanical Engineering from Bucknell University.
Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
Patricia Hubbard joined in 2018. Prior to joining Cabot, Patricia worked for Avery Dennison as vice president of R&for the Label and Graphic Materials division in North America. Prior to Avery Dennison, she worked for PolyOne and General Electric. Throughout her career, she has garnered extensive knowledge of materials science and formulated solutions that have driven new product development and technology innovation. Patricia is a certified Lean Six Sigma Black Belt, and earned her Phin polymer science from the University of Akron and a in Chemistry from Case Western Reserve University.
Senior Vice President and President, Purification Solutions Segment
Aaron Johnson joined in 2005 and has held a variety of leadership positions, most recently as vice president and general manager of Cabot’s specialty carbons business within the Performance Additives segment. He was also vice president and general manager for the specialty compounds business, vice president for business development in the Asia Pacific (AP) region, and vice president for the region for the Purification Solutions segment. Before joining Cabot, Aaron worked for The Boston Consulting Group. He earned his from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Sloan School of Management and a in Geology from Bates College.
Senior Vice President and President, Reinforcement Materials Segment; President, Americas Region
Bart Kalkstein joined in 2005. Since joining the company, Bart has held several key management positions within the company, most recently as vice president of corporate strategy and development. He was also vice president of global business operations and general manager of global emission control solutions for the Purification Solutions segment, vice president of business operations and executive director of marketing and business strategy for the Performance Chemicals segment, and general manager of the aerogel business. Prior to joining Cabot, Bart worked for Boston Consulting Group. Bart earned his from Harvard University and a in Civil Engineering and Operations Research at Princeton University.
Erica McLaughlin joined in 2002 and has held a variety of roles within the finance organization and Cabot’s global businesses, most recently as vice president of business operations for the Reinforcement Materials segment and general manager of the tire business. Since joining the company, she has held a number of senior leadership positions including vice president of investor relations and corporate communications, as well as global director of strategy, planning and finance for Cabot’s core segment. Prior to joining Cabot, Erica worked for KPMG, in their audit services division. She is a Certified Public Accountant and earned an and a in accounting from Boston College.
Martin O'Neill joined in 2000. Since joining Cabot, Martin has held several key positions including director of SH&for the former supermetals business, plant general manager for the company's tantalum manufacturing operations in Boyertown, Pennsylvania, and general manager of the mining operation in Manitoba, Canada. Prior to joining Cabot, Martin was director of SH&for North and South America with Incorporated/Tyco Electronics and worked in consulting for 15 years. Martin earned his in Environmental Science from Drexel University and a in Ecology from Rutgers College. He is a member of the American Industrial Hygiene Association and serves on the Board of Trustees for Boston Harbor Now . In addition, he is a member of the Advisory Board for HomeStart, Inc. and the Norwell Visiting Nurses Association (NVNA).
Aled Rees joined in 2000 and most recently held the position of vice president and general manager for the Specialty Fluids segment. Prior to that, he had held a variety of business, finance, and regional roles, including vice president and regional business director for our Reinforcement Materials segment in Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) as well as finance director for the Asia Pacific region. He is a Fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Management Accountants in the and holds a in Accounting and Finance from the University of South Wales.
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Art Wood joined in 2017. Prior to joining Cabot, Art worked for Thermo Fisher Scientific as group vice president of Human Resources, Specialty Diagnostics Group. During his tenure at Thermo Fisher Scientific he held several senior human resources (HR) leadership roles of increasing responsibility, overseeing large teams of professionals globally. In addition to Thermo Fisher Scientific, Art has garnered experience building and leading strategic organizations at large, multinational corporations including Progress Software and Sun Microsystems. Art earned his from the University of Colorado Denver and his from the University of Maryland.
Senior Vice President and President, Asia Pacific Region
Jeff Zhu joined in 2012. Prior to joining the company, he spent 18 years with Rhodia (and its predecessor Rhone-Poulenc) where he served in a variety of regional and global business leadership roles, including Asia Pacific regional commercial director, regional vice president and general manager of Novecare, and vice president and global director of electronics and catalysis. He serves on the Board of Directors of the Association of International Chemical Manufacturers (AICM) and he also serves on the Senior International Advisory Board to ShaanXi Province. Jeff's most recent experience before joining was with Asia Pacific Resources International Holding Limited (APRIL), a multi-billion privately owned global paper and pulp company, where he served as head of global sales. Jeff earned his M.Sc in Chemistry from National University of Singapore and a distinction from the University of Hull, UK.
is a leading specialty chemicals and performance materials company.
delivers performance solutions that solve our customers’ challenges today and prepare them to meet tomorrow’s needs. Our portfolio of businesses with leading market positions serves key industries such as transportation, infrastructure, environment and consumer.
is a leading provider of rubber and specialty carbon blacks, activated carbon, inkjet colorants, cesium formate drilling fluids, fumed silica, aerogel, and elastomer composites. We operate 45 manufacturing facilities in 21 countries around the world with strong growth in emerging markets. As a technology and innovation leader, we partner with customers who are leaders in their industries and we advance our businesses together.
Our strategy is to extend our leadership in performance materials by investing for growth in our core businesses, driving application innovation with our customers, and generating strong cash flows through efficiency and optimization. We are organized into four business segments: Reinforcement Materials, Performance Chemicals, Purification Solutions and Specialty Fluids.
is the global leader in the manufacture of top quality rubber blacks for increasingly high performing and energy efficient tires and specialized rubber products. We bring years of experience and the industry’s best talent to meet our customers’ needs, delivering strong results year after year for the best brands worldwide. We also provide proprietary, game-changing elastomer composites technology for use in 
 and elastomer composites products.
Cabot’s Performance Chemicals segment provides customized solutions that deliver performance in a broad range of customer applications across the automotive, construction and infrastructure, electronics, and consumer product sectors. Our global applications development network is ready to guide customers to the right product for their needs, whether it is 
. This segment includes our Specialty Carbons and Formulations and Metal Oxides businesses.
Norit Activated Carbon is the world’s largest and most experienced producer of activated carbon products and equipment systems, which are used to purify water, food ingredients, air emissions and more. produces over 150 different types of activated carbon, enabling us to offer the most precise fit and best performance for any application. This segment includes our 
 oil and gas drilling fluids that provide optimum returns in challenging high-pressure, high-temperature fields. This segment also includes 
 that enable catalysis and are used as a strong base in the chemical production process.
to Divest Its Specialty Fluids Segment for $135 Million
  Sale provides attractive value for shareholders --(WIRE)--Jan. 30, 2019-- (NYSE: CBT) has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Specialty Fluids business to Sinomine ( Hong Kong ) Rare Metals Resources Co. Limited , a wholly owned subsidiary of Sinomine
to Divest Its Specialty Fluids Segment for $135 Million
  Sale provides attractive value for shareholders --(WIRE)--Jan. 30, 2019-- (NYSE: CBT) has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its Specialty Fluids business to Sinomine ( Hong Kong ) Rare Metals Resources Co. Limited , a wholly owned subsidiary of Sinomine
  --(WIRE)--Jan. 15, 2019-- (NYSE: CBT) announced today that it will release operating results for the first quarter fiscal 2019 on Monday, February 4, 2019 after market closes. The Company will host a conference call and live webcast to review the first quarter
  --(WIRE)--Jan. 15, 2019-- (NYSE: CBT) announced today that it will release operating results for the first quarter fiscal 2019 on Monday, February 4, 2019 after market closes. The Company will host a conference call and live webcast to review the first quarter
Celebrates 50 Years on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
  --(WIRE)--Jan. 8, 2019-- (NYSE: CBT), a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company, will celebrate its 50 th anniversary of being listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) by ringing The Closing Bell today at 4:00 p.m. .
Celebrates 50 Years on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
  --(WIRE)--Jan. 8, 2019-- (NYSE: CBT), a leading global specialty chemicals and performance materials company, will celebrate its 50 th anniversary of being listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) by ringing The Closing Bell today at 4:00 p.m. .
  Second facility in China to be certified by the internationally recognized management standard --(WIRE)--Dec. 17, 2018-- (NYSE: CBT) today announced that its carbon black manufacturing facility in Xingtai, China has been officially certified to the
  Second facility in China to be certified by the internationally recognized management standard --(WIRE)--Dec. 17, 2018-- (NYSE: CBT) today announced that its carbon black manufacturing facility in Xingtai, China has been officially certified to the
Contact our IR, Media Relations and Corporate Communications team.
Subscribe to financial information by email.
