Consumers worldwide want plentiful, sustainable food. is creating Future Fit Food – high value fish, livestock, and pet nutritional products to improve global food sustainability and security.
Learn how is helping ensure global food security
Partners with Nofima for Trials to Promote Sustainable Seafood
is an innovator in sustainable products to improve worldwide food security. is developing and commercializing FeedKind® protein, a sustainable, traceable alternative feed ingredient for fish, livestock and pet nutritional products.
Thomas Baruch joined the Board of Directors in 2013 and was named Executive Chairman of the Board in 2014. He retired in 2014 from Formation 8, where he was a founding member and chairman. Mr. Baruch formed Capital in 1988 with New Enterprise Associates (NEA). He was responsible for managing a total of $1.2 billion of capital across seven funds from inception to July of 2010. While at CMEA, Mr. Baruch also led investments including major IPO’s and significant liquidity events for Aclara Biosciences, Codexis, Inc., Entropic Communications, Flextronics, Inc., Intermolecular, Silicon Spice and Symyx Technologies. He is now Partner Emeritus of Earlier in his career, Mr. Baruch worked at Exxon Mobil for 12 years. When he left in 1982, he was serving as President of the Exxon Materials Division. Next, he founded Microwave Technology, Inc., a manufacturer and seller of gallium arsenide (GaAs) integrated circuits for defense applications. Mr. Baruch served as for 6 years prior to founding Capital.
Mr. Baruch is a member of the National Advisory Council on Innovation and Entrepreneurship (NACIE), where he advises the Department of Commerce and the White House. Mr. Baruch is a member of the Executive Committee of the Council of Competitiveness and a member of the Steering Committee of its (Energy, Security, Innovation and Sustainability) Initiative and the Manufacturing Competitiveness Initiative. Mr. Baruch is also a member of the “Brain Trust” of the ARPA-program within the Department of Energy. Mr. Baruch recently served as a member of the Task Force advising the Department of the Treasury in connection with necessity of programs to stimulate startup activity in the Mr. Baruch is also a member of the board of directors of the Society of Kauffman Fellows, a member of the Climate Recovery Cabinet of the Sierra Club, and a trustee of the “That Man May See” program within the University of California San Francisco. Mr. Baruch is an advisor to Hasso Plattner Ventures, a leading German venture capital fund. He has recently joined the Board of CASE, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute’s Center for Architecture Science and Ecology.
In addition, Mr. Baruch is a Trustee of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute where he was Co-Chairman of its recent $1.1 billion Capital Campaign. He and his wife, Johanna, are Founders of the Baruch Center for Solar Biochemical Energy Research at the School of Science of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and the Richard Baruch, Endowed Chair in metabolic pathways of the School of Biotechnology and Interdisciplinary Studies.
Mr. Baruch holds an engineering degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a Juris Doctor degree from Capital University. He is a member of the State Bar of Ohio and is a registered patent attorney.
Craig Barratt, Ph.D., a leading consumer electronics entrepreneur, joined the Board of Directors in 2013. He is of Barefoot Networks, a developer of ultra fast networking equipment. Prior to joining Barefoot, he was of Access and Energy at Google. He was previously the president of Qualcomm Atheros, the network and connectivity subsidiary of Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM).
Dr. Barratt joined Qualcomm in 2011 following its acquisition of Atheros Communications, a fabless semiconductor company. From 2003, he was president, and a director of Atheros. He led the company through its 2004 and growth to over $900 million in revenue in 2010.
Dr. Barratt previously served as Atheros’ vice president of technology from 2002 until 2003. Prior to joining Atheros, he held the role of executive vice president and general manager of ArrayComm, a company specializing in multi-antenna signal processing. He also serves on the Board of Directors at Intuitive Surgical (NASDAQ: ISRG), a pioneer in robotic assisted surgery.
Dr. Barratt holds Ph.and Master of Science degrees in electrical engineering from Stanford University, as well as a Bachelor of Engineering degree in electrical engineering and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Sydney in Australia. Dr. Barratt has been granted over 30 patents in a variety of wireless and related technologies and has co-authored a book on linear controller design, various technical publications and open source software.
Previously, he was a founding member of nChip responsible for development of the industry-leading advanced multi-chip module assembly process. More recently with Riverwood, Nicholas served as the interim for Aptina Imaging from February 2007 to August 2008. His unique combination of technology know-how and commercial judgment will add value throughout the investment life-cycle at Riverwood. Nicholas earned an M.Sc. Degree in Polymer Science Engineering from the University of Waterloo, Canada and a B.Sc.(Honors) Degree in Applied Chemistry from McMaster University, Canada. He is a director of Globant, Arkmicro, Power Integrations, Tessera Technologies, Inc. and Chairman of the Board of Aptina Imaging.
Edward Mikolay joined the Board of Directors in 2016. He is a Senior Investment Officer and Director of Private Markets for the Municipal Employee Retirement System (MERS) of Michigan. In this role, he is responsible for new investment origination and oversight of the private investment portfolio, including private equity, real assets (infrastructure, energy, real estate, and agriculture/farmland) and diversifying strategies. Mr. Mikolay is a voting member of the Portfolio Review Committee, which is responsible for all portfolio management decisions, including asset manager selection and strategic asset allocation implementation. Mr. Mikolay serves on a number of private partnership advisory boards and is a frequent speaker at industry conferences.
Mr. Mikolay joined in 2013 and has nearly 20 years of investment experience, most recently as a portfolio manager at the State of Michigan Retirement Systems (SMRS) in its Real Estate and Infrastructure Division. At SMRS, Mr. Mikolay was involved in a variety of portfolio management roles, including sourcing and underwriting new investments, overseeing dispositions and representing during partnership restructurings. He was also active on the advisory boards of many of those investments. Before his employment with SMRS, Mr. Mikolay was a real estate investment professional at Richard Ellis in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He has also held roles in real estate acquisitions at Heitman Capital Management, a pension fund advisory firm, and Equity Residential Properties Trust (NYSE: EQR), both based in Chicago.
Mr. Mikolay is a graduate of Brown University (Providence, RI) with a Bachelor of Arts degree in mathematical economics. He also earned a Masters of Business Administration degree from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University (Evanston, IL), with majors in Finance, Entrepreneurship, and Real Estate.
Alan Shaw, Ph.D., President and Chief Executive Officer
Alan Shaw, Ph.D., is President and Chief Executive Officer of Calysta, and a member of the Board of Directors. He joined in 2012. Dr. Shaw is a veteran biotechnology entrepreneur and chemical industry executive, with more than 25 years experience building and leading technology companies.
Before joining Calysta, he served for ten years as President & and a director of Codexis, a developer of cost-advantaged processes for production of biofuels, biobased chemicals and pharmaceuticals. During his tenure, Codexis completed an and expanded from a startup to a global industrial biotechnology company with operations in the United States, Europe and Asia.
In 2010, Dr. Shaw received the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur® of the Year Award in the life sciences category for Northern California. He serves as a biotechnology advisor to the governments of the United Kingdom and Malaysia, and is a frequent speaker on energy to leading business and industry conferences.
Prior to Codexis, Dr. Shaw held senior operating and business development positions in the United Kingdom for Chiroscience Group plc and for the chemical and biopharmaceutical units of Clariant and plc from 1994-99. For the previous 15 years, he held management and scientific leadership positions for Imperial Chemical Industries plc (ICI)/Zeneca, including Business Head, Fine Chemicals and Marketing Manager, European Sales. Dr. Shaw is a past board member of and chair of BIO’s industrial and environmental section. He holds a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Teesside University and a Ph.in chemistry from the University of Durham, England, and is a fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry.
Brian Silvey joined the Board in 2016. As Vice President and Director of Global Bioindustrials for Cargill, Mr. Silvey is responsible for the global strategy, business development and client management to drive business growth and market share. Mr. Silvey has more than 35 years of leadership experience at Cargill, with a particularly strong focus on business development, operations, management, and marketing.
Before taking his current role, Mr. Silvey managed Cargill’s bioethanol, citric acid and industrial starch product lines; sustainability efforts; joint ventures; and onsite partnerships for Cargill Starches & Sweeteners North America business division. Prior to that he oversaw Cargill’s facility in Blair, Neb., one of the largest Cargill corn milling operations globally. Over the course of his career, Mr. Silvey has served in a variety of leadership roles, including assistant vice president of Aligned Products for Corn Milling in Blair, Neb., and president/general manager of Cargill Rice Milling in Greenville, Miss. Mr. Silvey began his Cargill career in 1979 as a Los Angeles-based commodity trader.
Mr. Silvey holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard University. Currently, he serves on the Board of Directors for NouriTech, and Rivertop Renewables. Throughout his career, Mr. Silvey has been active on numerous community boards and in various industry associations.
Suan Swee Tan joined the Board of Directors in 2017. He is Managing Director, Investments of Temasek International, overseeing the agribusiness and biosciences sectors. At Temasek, Mr Tan has been involved in investment deals in agribusiness, life sciences and energy.
He is presently on the board of the Pavilion Energy group, which is importing and trading in natural gas; Cargill Tropical Palm, a joint venture with Cargill; and Jilin Food Zone which is developing an industrial park in China.  Outside Singapore, Mr. Tan is on the board of Ceva Sante, an animal health products company based in France. Mr Tan is also on the board of Temasek Life Sciences Laboratory, an R&institute focusing on research in plant and animal sciences.
Prior to joining Temasek in 2003, Mr Tan was Assistant Managing Director of Singapore’s Economic Development Board (EDB).  In his 16 years at EDB, he headed the energy and chemical industry clusters, and biomedical sciences. He also led the board’s European Operations. He was a principal player in the development of Jurong Island as a hub for the chemical industry.
Mr Tan holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Adelaide, South Australia on a Colombo Plan Scholarship and an from the National University of Singapore.
Aqua-Spark is a global investment fund based in Utrecht, the Netherlands that makes investments in sustainable aquaculture businesses that generate investment returns, while creating positive social and environmental impact. The fund invests in small to medium enterprises that are working towards the production of safe, accessible aquatic life, such as fish, shellfish and plants, in a way that does not harm the health of the planet.
Cargill provides food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services to the world. Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and 150 years of experience. We have 150,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way, reducing environmental impact and improving the communities where we live and work. For more information, visit Cargill.com and our News Center.
Fifth Avenue Real Assets 3 (the “Fund”) is an investment fund focused on providing its investors access to alternative investments through a diversified portfolio of real assets and related investments. The Fund’s Investment Adviser is Bessemer Trust Company, , a privately owned and independent multifamily office that has served individuals and families of substantial wealth for more than 100 years. Through comprehensive investment management, wealth planning, and family office services, we help clients achieve peace of mind for generations.
The Municipal Employees’ Retirement System (MERS) of Michigan is an independent, professional retirement services company that serves municipal members across the state of Michigan. We manage 2,000 retirement and employee benefit plans for over 800 municipal members — with a combined value of nearly $9 billion. proudly serves more than 100,000 participants, including local firefighters, nurses and the men and women who plow our roads and keep our bridges safe.
Mitsui is a diversified global trading, investment, and service enterprise headquartered in Tokyo, Japan. Mitsui & Co. pursues “360° business innovation” that ranges from product sales, worldwide logistics and financing, through to the development of major international infrastructure and other projects. It maintains a global network of 137 offices in 65 countries/regions, and has 462 group companies and associated companies worldwide.
Pangaea is the world leader in advanced materials venture capital. We invest in start-up companies with disruptive breakthrough innovation in chemistry and material science. Pangaea has an outstanding portfolio addressing multi-billion dollar markets in energy, semiconductors, medical devices, agriculture and more. Our unmatched materials network spans multiple industry verticals, and includes sixteen major multinationals as strategic Limited Partners.
Temasek is an investment company based in Singapore. Temasek was incorporated in 1974 and is supported by 11 offices globally. Temasek’s investment themes centre on: Transforming Economies; Growing Middle Income Populations; Deepening Comparative Advantages; and Emerging Champions. Its portfolio covers a broad spectrum of industries: telecommunications, media & technology; financial services; transportation & industrials; consumer & real estate; life sciences & agriculture; as well as energy & resources.
Walden Riverwood Ventures is a venture capital firm focused on investing in core technology companies globally. It was formed as a collaboration between Walden International, a leading international venture capital firm, and Riverwood Capital, a global, technology-focused private equity firm. The firm’s founding partners provide its portfolio companies with unique access to deep industry knowledge, relationships and management experience. The two firms have an established history of investing together in several successful companies such as GoPro, Ambarella, Inc., and Aptina Imaging, Inc. Walden Riverwood Ventures leads early stage investments in companies developing fundamental technologies that have the potential to benefit multiple industry verticals.
Alan Shaw, Ph.D., is President and Chief Executive Officer of Calysta, and a member of the Board of Directors. He joined in 2012. Dr. Shaw is a veteran biotechnology entrepreneur and chemical industry executive, with more than 25 years experience building and leading technology companies. Before joining Calysta, he served for ten years as President & and a director of Codexis, a developer of cost-advantaged processes for production of biobased chemicals and pharmaceuticals. During his tenure, Codexis completed an and expanded from a startup to a global industrial biotechnology company with operations in the United States, Europe and Asia.
In 2010, Dr. Shaw received the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur® of the Year Award in the life sciences category for Northern California. He is a member of the Board of Directors of and the Governing Board of the Industrial and Environmental Section. He also serves as a biotechnology advisor to the governments of the United Kingdom and Malaysia, and is a frequent speaker at leading business and industry conferences.
Prior to Codexis, Dr. Shaw held senior operating and business development positions in the United Kingdom for Chiroscience Group plc and for the chemical and biopharmaceutical units of Clariant and plc from 1994-99. For the previous 15 years, he held management and scientific leadership positions for Imperial Chemical Industries plc (ICI)/Zeneca, including Business Head, Fine Chemicals and Marketing Manager, European Sales. He holds a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Teesside University and a Ph.in chemistry from the University of Durham, England. He is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry and a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Marketing.
Graham Aylen, CEng.,is Vice President for Global Capital Projects at Calysta, and Managing Director of Limited. Mr. Aylen joined in 2014, working on the acquisition of in Norway. He currently focuses on the delivery of the small scale facility project in the United Kingdom and the commercialization of FeedKind™ protein.
Prior to joining Calysta, he held positions where he was responsible for the safe delivery of large scale capital projects in the fine chemical, pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries internationally with ICI, Zeneca, Avecia, Costain, GSK, Pfizer, Anglian Water and Codexis.
Mr. Aylen has also worked on professional committees developing policy with the and Malaysian Government and the IChemE.
Tomas Belloso, Ph.D., joined as Vice President, Regulatory Affairs in 2016. He reports to Josh Silverman, Ph.D., Chief Product and Innovation Officer, and is responsible for the company’s regulatory and quality management programs and strategy.
Dr. Belloso has over a decade of senior regulatory, quality and product management experience in the feed and animal health industries. Before joining Calysta, he served as Regulatory Compliance Manager at the Feed Division of Wilbur-Ellis, a $3 billion international marketer and distributor of agricultural products, animal feed and specialty chemicals and ingredients. Prior to that, he held senior regulatory and product management positions at Royal Canin USA, a subsidiary of MARS, Inc., Nestle Purina, Monsanto and Elanco Animal Health.
He holds a Ph.in animal sciences and a Master’s degree in dairy sciences from the University of Florida, and a Bachelor’s degree in animal sciences from Universidad Rafael Urdaneta in Venezuela.
Vice President, Administration and General Counsel
Blake Campbell is Vice President, Administration and General Counsel for Calysta. He joined the company in 2016 as General Counsel and was named to his current position in 2017. He has responsibility for the company’s global legal strategy, planning and management and for administration. Prior to Calysta, Mr. Campbell served as General Counsel for Extend Health, Inc. and AlphaImpactRx, Inc. and as a senior attorney for several global law firms. Mr. Campbell has also served as a senior adviser to former California Senator and Governor Pete Wilson in Washington and Sacramento.
Mr. Campbell specializes in general corporate and finance matters and has extensive experience with project finance transactions, strategic and cross-border transactions, technology transfers, joint development and strategic licensing and portfolio management, mergers and acquisitions, initial public offerings, venture financings, executive compensation, board and committee support and governance, SEC/SOX/compliance and reporting and risk and litigation management.
Mr. Campbell holds a Bachelor of Arts from Stanford University and a from the University of California at Los Angeles.
Lori Giver, Ph.was named Vice President, Research and Development in 2019.  She joined in 2013 as Vice President, Biological Engineering. Previously, Dr. Giver was with Codexis, Inc., where she held a number of positions including Vice President of Systems Biology, Senior Director of Technology and Innovation, and Manager of Market Development. Prior to Codexis she was head of the Core Technology Group at Maxgyen, Inc.
Dr. Giver has focused her career on the directed evolution of nucleic acids, proteins and organisms. She has chaired a wide variety of conferences in the field including Enzyme Engineering and Applications for Enzyme Technologies 2013. She is an author on numerous scientific publications and over 50 patents and patent applications. She received a Bachelor of Science degree in Molecular and Cell Biology from the University of California-Berkeley and Ph.in Molecular Cell and Developmental Biology from Indiana University, Bloomington. Dr. Giver did her post-doctoral research at the California Institute of Technology in the laboratory of Dr. Frances Arnold, winner of the 2018 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Allan LeBlanc was named Vice President and FeedKind® Product Manager in 2019. Mr. LeBlanc served as Senior Director and FeedKind Product Manager from 2017-2019, and as Product Manager, FeedKind® from 2015 to 2017. He joined in 2013 as Director of Corporate Development. He is responsible for global market and sales strategy for aquaculture nutritional products. He also provides market intelligence guiding future product development.
Prior to joining Calysta, Mr. LeBlanc worked in venture capital at Ballast Point Ventures, where he focused on the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. He also has prior experience in investment banking at Raymond James, where he worked on both mergers and acquisitions and public equity offerings for airlines and environmental services companies. Mr. LeBlanc holds an from the University of California-Berkeley’s Haas School of Business and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Florida.
Mr. Leong joined in 2015. He has responsibility for all business development strategy and program execution, including broadening the portfolio of strategic partnerships. He joined from Chemtex, an international technology and engineering organization, where he was the Executive Vice President responsible for worldwide marketing and business development. At Chemtex he played an integral role in building the renewable and sustainable products business, including launching and licensing Beta Renewables’ cellulosic ethanol technology.
Before joining Chemtex in 2008, Mr. Leong led the marketing and business development activities for the downstream petrochemical and chemical business of Aker Solutions, a global engineering and construction contractor. Over his 20 year tenure with the group, he was based in a number of international locations including Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore and the United Kingdom. He holds a bachelor of applied science degree in chemical engineering from the University of British Columbia and is a registered professional engineer in Canada.
Chief Financial Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer
Lynsey Wenger joined in 2016 as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer. She is responsible for the company’s financial strategy, planning and management, and for expansion and implementation of Calysta’s long term sustainability strategy and programs. Ms. Wenger joined following a 16-year career with The Goldman Sachs Group, where she spent the greater part of the last decade specializing in global natural resources investment banking. She will have responsibility for the company’s financial strategy, planning and management, and for expansion and implementation of Calysta’s long term sustainability strategy and programs.
During Ms. Wenger’s career at Goldman Sachs, she managed and led investment banking activities in global natural resources ranging from international mergers and acquisitions and IPOs to multimillion-dollar equity transactions and debt placements. Her industry experience includes natural gas and electric utilities, power, renewables and alternative energy. Most recently, Ms. Wenger served as a Vice President in the Investment Banking Division, with responsibility for transactions in the corporate power and utility sectors. Previously, she served in the Americas Financing Group as Head of Investment Grade Power, Utility and Midstream Debt Capital Markets. Earlier in her career she held positions in Equity Derivative Sales in the United States and Australia.
Ms. Wenger holds an from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Arts degree from Duke University.
Arild Johannessen, Dr. Scient (Ph.D.), joined the Scientific Advisory Board in 2017. He is Managing Director at Biosentrum in Norway. From 2014-2017, Dr. Johannessen served as Vice President, Fermentation at Calysta, with responsibility for fermentation R&and project management. He joined in 2014 as a result of the acquisition of BioProtein Previously, Dr. Johannessen was with the International Research Institute of Stavanger (Norway) (IRIS) where he held positions including Research Director for Biotechnology and Managing Director for the biotechnology subsidiary. Prior to he was head of R&at Biosentrum AS, and a scientist at Norferm AS.
Dr. Johannessen has focused his career on large scale microbial fermentation. He has been an invited speaker at conferences in the field of microbial production, with a special emphasis on fermentation using gases. He is an author of approximately 10 scientific publications and more than 10 patents and patent applications. He received a Dr. Scient (Ph.D.) in 1996 from the University of Bergen, and did his post-doctoral research at University of Bergen in the laboratory of Dr. Ian Pryme.
Josh Silverman, Ph.was Calysta’s Founder and is Chair of its Scientific Advisory Board.   He joined the Scientific Advisory Board in 2019.  Dr. Silverman served as Calysta’s Chief Product and Innovation Officer from 2016-2018, its Chief Technology Officer from 2014-2016, and served as its Chief Scientific Officer from 2013-2014.
Dr. Silverman is an experienced biotechnology entrepreneur with a history of successful development of novel technology platforms. Prior to founding Calysta, Dr. Silverman held positions at two public biotechnology companies, Maxygen, Inc. and Amgen, Inc. as well as serving as of Product development for Amunix, Inc. He has been involved in the founding and financing of five startup biotechnology companies (Avidia, Versartis, Diartis, Siluria, and Calysta). His efforts contributed to raising over $110 million in equity financing across these companies, as well as the sale of Avidia for $290three years after founding the company and an by Versartis in 2014 which raised $126 million.
Dr. Silverman is generally interested in tools and applications of biological engineering as a robust and predictable engineering discipline. He serves as an advisor for a number of biotechnology companies and is a frequent speaker at scientific meetings. He has been directly involved in successfully bringing three novel biopharmaceuticals from early phase research into clinical trials, with experience in both regulatory filings and drug manufacturing. He is an author on more than 10 scientific publications as well as over 30 patents and pending patent applications. He received his B.Sc. in Molecular Biology from San Diego and Ph.in Biochemistry from Stanford University.
Ronnie Tan joined the Scientific Advisory Board in 2016. He is Vice-President at Blue Archipelago – the largest integrated shrimp enterprise in Malaysia, responsible for downstream operations including sales & marketing, branding and the processing plant. He is concurrently a non-executive Director at Regal Springs Group – the largest tilapia integrator in the world.
An aquaculturist by training, he has over 30 years’ experience in international marketing, supply chain and general management in multinational chemical and feed companies such as Rhone Poulenc and Imperial Chemical Industries. In addition to aquaculture and feed, he has working knowledge of the oleochemical and zero calorie natural sweetener industries. He was a board member of the Malaysian Palm Oil Board and ICI’s representative to (Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil).
Mr. Tan, who is Malaysian, read Environmental Biology at King’s College, University of London and obtained his MSc. in Aquaculture from University of Stirling. He holds a business diploma from Henley Management College, UK.
Ground was broken in April 2017 on the first commercial scale FeedKind
 protein manufacturing plant in Memphis, Tennessee through NouriTech™, a venture formed in 2016 with investments from Cargill, and several third party investors. The NouriTech facility will be home to the world’s largest gas fermentation operation, and will produce the FeedKind protein family of safe, sustainable nutritional ingredients for fish, livestock and pets. Cargill and announced plans for this facility in November 2016. Cargill initially invested in through the company’s Series investment round in February 2016.
Cargill Announces Progress on Aqua Nutrition Sustainability
Calysta, Cargill win Corporate Investment & Community Impact Award
) have an R&collaboration to transform methane into the lactic acid building block for bioplastics. It was announced on June 18, 2013. The companies have an exclusive, multi-year collaboration to research and develop a practical, world-scale production process for fermenting methane ̶ a potent greenhouse gas (GHG) ̶ into lactic acid, the building block for NatureWorks’ Ingeo™, lactide intermediates and polymers made from renewable materials. If the collaboration results in the successful commercialization of this first-of-its-kind technology, the cost to produce Ingeo would be structurally lowered, and the wide range of Ingeo based consumer and industrial products could be produced from an even broader set of carbon-based feedstocks, complementary to what is already in use by NatureWorks. 
) is a fully independent Research and Development (R&D) service provider, offering high quality professional in-vivo R&services to the aquaculture, marine and aquatics sectors. Pontus provides product development trial site services and other research services to Calysta. We are committed to providing quality services and value for money by utilising 15 years of combined experience of academic and commercial research, as well as commercial production, guaranteeing a friendly, efficient and complete service to our customers, clients and partners.
FeedKind has been shown to improve key nutritional metrics for commercial aquaculture – increased feed efficiency and the maintenance of a healthy digestive tract and immune system.  It provides the industry with the first scalable alternative protein requiring no wild caught fish or agricultural land, contributing to global food security.  The trials, to be designed by Nofima, will begin in early 2019.
“FeedKind protein is a cost-effective, sustainable feed ingredient for major farmed seafood species including salmon, trout and shrimp,” said Allan LeBlanc, Senior Director and FeedKind Product Manager.  “The aquaculture industry is actively seeking new solutions to reduce costs associated with biological challenges and environmental impact. We look forward to working with Nofima, the industry’s preeminent research organization, to address these compelling market demands.”
Mari Moren, director of research at Nofima, said: “We are eager to do research on FeedKind as we believe that this may be an example of new protein sources that can contribute to a more sustainable aquaculture. Feedkind’s effect on salmon will be thoroughly tested at Nofima’s research facilities along with the effects this protein may have on the physicochemical qualities of the feed pellet.”
FeedKind is a natural, safe, and sustainable non-animal source of protein approved for sale in the European Union and several Asian countries.It has been shown to use 77-98% less water and >98% less land than alternative ingredients such as soy or wheat proteins. In salmon, trout, and shrimp trials, FeedKind has been shown to produce equivalent growth and survival rates when compared to a conventional fishmeal diet.  It is approved as an ingredient in organic systems for animal feed in the United Kingdom and  Samples are currently available for global customers and partners.
About Calysta, Inc. , Menlo Park, CA, is an innovator in sustainable products to improve worldwide food security. Calystadevelops and commercializes FeedKind®protein, an alternative feed ingredient for fish, livestock and pet nutritional products.  
Menlo Park, CA–November 14, 2017– Calysta, Inc. today announced the company and two partners have been awarded the 2017 IChemGlobal Team Award for excellence at Calysta’s production facility in Teesside.
The IChemawards are given annually by the Institution of Chemical Engineers, and this year the competition attracted more than 140 entries from 21 countries.
Calysta, the Centre for Process Innovation and Otto Simon Ltd received the award for design, construction and successful launch of Calysta’s new market introduction facility in Teesside. The plant uses Calysta’s innovative gas-phase fermentation process to produce FeedKind® protein, a feed-quality protein for use in fish and livestock feed.
John McGagh, IChemE’s president, said: “IChemE’s Team Award is important because it celebrates collaboration and diversity of thinking – something that is integral to robust, sustainable outcomes that benefit society.
“UK, the Centre for Process Innovation and Otto Simon have proved this through their winning project. They have delivered a plant with environmental and ecological impact at the forefront of the planning process, and delivered a facility which will ultimately tackle one of the biggest issues facing the population – food security.”
“We want to congratulate the entire team at all three organizations for this significant honor,” said Graham Aylen, Vice President of Capital Projects. “Thanks to excellent engineering collaboration from the project team, the plant was delivered against a fast-tracked construction program with zero injuries. Samples have been distributed worldwide for feeding trials, marking a significant step towards engineering a sustainable food source for the growing global population.”
“Structuring the project team and the execution programme to take us from a blank sheet of paper through the design stages to a detailed construction, commissioning and operational programme were critical in enabling such a complex fast-track project to be successful,” said Kris Wadrop, Platform Director for the Industrial Biotechnology and Biorefining business in “Combining a motivated and passionate customer with a knowledgeable multi-disciplinary team of scientists and engineers proved an outstanding combination for this project.”
Peter Creer of Otto Simon Ltd said: “Otto Simon enjoyed a very effective collaboration with and on the project, which was key to delivering this unique plant successfully and safely against a very tight deadline.
“It is rewarding to have been part of a project that has the potential to make such a major contribution to society, and we are delighted that our team’s achievements have been recognized with such a prestigious award.”
has put state of the art manufacturing and quality assurance processes in place at Teesside resulting from more than 10 years of research and development. In May, announced successful production of the first four metric tons of FeedKind protein from the facility, and to date the Teesside plant has produced over 10 metric tons.
The facility has recently completed a 12-week continuous run, and has performed to target metrics of yield, productivity and quality.
FeedKind protein is a family of natural, sustainable, and traceable feed ingredients for fish, livestock and pets. It is a safe, non-animal source of protein approved for sale and use in the and is being developed to help meet the world’s growing demand for food.
For sample availability, contact info@feedkind.com
About , Menlo Park, CA, is an innovator in sustainable products to improve worldwide food security. develops and commercializes FeedKind® protein, an alternative feed ingredient for fish, livestock and pet nutritional products.
