Leading entrepreneur takes up residence at Read more
University of spin-out Granta Design to be acquired by ANSYS
& the Maxwell Centre at Automobili-2019
We can help you develop your ideas into opportunities that are commercially attractive
We support academics and researchers as they build teams and raise investment funding
We work with researchers to license technologies, from the biosciences to engineering
helps the University of Cambridge's researchers and academics to commercialise their ideas for the benefit of society worldwide. 
Exciting developments at portfolio company @Psyomics 
It's great to see our portfolio company @ourhealthera join 
@TheMilnerInst: Registration for the Milner Therapeutics Symposium on June 25th 2019 is open! This Symposium is an opportunity for scien…
We can help you develop business opportunities, manage contracts and provide financial support – from proof of concept to exit.
University of spin-out Granta Design to be acquired by ANSYS
The macro success of micro-hotplates
The macro success of micro-hotplates
and the Maxwell Centre at the 2019 North American International Auto Show
and the Maxwell Centre are jointly hosting the University of exhibit at AutoMobili-2019, within the North American International Auto Show in Detroit, 14-17 January 2019. One of the largest auto tech gatherings, the 2019 Automobilli-show at the Cobo Center in Detroit is an […]
was formed by the University of to help staff and students commercialise their expertise and ideas for the benefit of the global community.
What we do is central to the mission of the University, which for more than 800 years has contributed to society through the pursuit of education, learning and research at the highest levels of international excellence.
Our Consultancy Services  team supports University of staff, researchers and students when they are approached for help from external organisations. The team handles the majority of communication with the external organisation in order to minimise distraction from the process of knowledge transfer.
The Technology Transfer team works with researchers on ideas from their University research that have commercial potential. The team’s goal is to create opportunities that are attractive to external organisations that have the resources to develop and commercialise them.
Through direct investment and networking facilitation, our Seed Funds team is able to support academics and students as they build teams and raise the finances needed to develop their ideas.
Image: The Hauser Forum.
Why is there a management fee for using Consultancy Services?
What is a standard consultancy fee to charge clients?
Consultancy rates vary depending on a number of factors, such as the level of experience of the consultant, the nature of the work being delivered, the extent to which the work is specialist and the type of organisation that the client is.
For example, fees are likely to be higher in a situation where a professor is providing his or her advice in an area where they are regarded as a world expert, than for work that involves data analysis that could be completed by a number of different people.
As a guideline, we would recommend a daily fee of about £1,250 for professors and £600 to £800 for postdoctoral researchers and Phstudents.
Gift Aid is the name of the process by which donates income to University departments.
Once the management fee and direct departmental costs have been deducted from the consultancy project income, an academic can either take the remaining consultancy fee as a personal payment or notify us that he or she will not be taking it personally, in which case will donate it to the University for use in future research. It is imperative for us to be told at the start of a project if an academic does not want to take part of or all of the money personally.
only vests with the client once payment is made in full by the client. In general, it is accepted that the consultancy is fee for service work and that any foreground created will vest in the client. The Consultancy Services standard contract will ensure that:
When channelling consultancy projects through Enterprise, academics are able to use their affiliation to the University and use the University address and letterhead for correspondence. When working in a private capacity, academics must use their home address and personal letterhead.
It is not possible for academics, whether working through or in a private capacity, to give permission to the external client to use the University of logo. Use of the University of logo in any capacity must be granted by the Office for External Affairs and Communications.
have an idea, what do do?
What does it mean to 'opt in' or 'opt out'?
Although the University’s policy requires inventors to disclose their registerable ideas to Enterprise, they may choose whether to ‘opt in’ or ‘opt out’ of working with Enterprise.
If you ‘opt in’ we will explore with you whether there is a commercial opportunity we can work on together and how best to help you achieve your commercial goals. Further information about the process can be found here .
On 13 December 2005 members of the University of voted on a new Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) policy . This policy provides that in the first instance the University shall have the right to apply throughout the world for a patent for an invention created by University staff further to research activities undertaken in the course of their employment. However, students maintain entitlement to their (with some exceptions – please contact us or refer to the Policy ).
For clarification on the responsibilities of and the Research Office under the policy see the guidance note .
How does decide whether to take my idea into its portfolio?
The decision to commercialise an idea through is a mutual one. Under the University’s policy the University owns registerable rights (patents, trademarks, design rights) created by academics and any such rights must be disclosed to us (although the inventors may request to ‘opt out’ from our commercialisation service, in which case – and if there are no restrictions from funding conditions – we can assign the University’s rights back to the inventors). Others may also choose to disclose their ideas to us in search of advice or commercialisation support (e.g. students, creators of software, etc).
If the academic or student wishes us to support the commercialisation, then we will undertake due diligence from both a technical and a commercial perspective. This will typically include a review of patent and scientific publication databases for similar work, and an assessment of the likely interest from industry in the benefits provided by the idea. This may involve non-confidential conversations with relevant companies or analysis of market research reports.
Sometimes the outcome of this due diligence leads us to conclude that there is not a large enough opportunity either due to a crowded technical space or a mismatch between benefits and industry concerns. In this case, if the inventors believe there is indeed an opportunity worth pursuing, and subject to other restrictions, we can put in place an assignment of the University’s rights back to the inventors.
How do decide who are the inventors of my invention?
Materials Transfer Agreement (MTA) is a contract that governs the transfer of one or more materials from the owner (or authorised licensee) to a third party, usually for internal research purposes. Materials may include cultures, cell lines, plasmids, nucleotides, proteins, bacteria, transgenic animals, pharmaceuticals and other chemicals. MTAs are also applicable for the transfer of materials in engineering and physical science applications.
The Research Office can help, advise and put in place an appropriate agreement, where necessary. For further information please see the Research Office’s Materials Transfer Agreements pages.
am not ready to exploit my research at the moment, but would like to know how to do this in the future. Is there someone can talk to?
Our Technology Transfer team welcomes the opportunity to hear about research which may have commercial relevance in the future. If you’re not sure who the right team member would be, please complete the idea form  or email  disclosures@enterprise.cam.ac.uk  and we’ll arrange for someone appropriate to contact you.
We’ll chat with you not just about your research but also your aspirations in relation to commercialisation and more strategic points, such as:
What are the big questions that need addressing in this field?
What other developments are needed for this research to be commercialised, either within the University or in the outside world?
What funding might be needed/is available?
How does decide the best commercialisation route for a technology?
Inventors may decide that they do not wish their technology to be exploited by Enterprise. However the University, as the inventor’s employer, is the owner of his/her and has an initial right to apply for a patent. As a result, any potentially patentable technology should be disclosed to Enterprise. If you decide not to work with us, clearly mark the opt-out box on the disclosure form. If this is compatible with your funder’s requirement on exploitation of your research, we will prepare an agreement assigning rights to you, including provision for a proportion of any future revenues to be shared with the University, including your University department.
handback is the name given to an agreement which assigns the rights which the University has in a patent (or other intellectual property) to the inventors. This is typically put in place when the inventors choose to opt-out of working with Enterprise, or if chooses not to take the invention into its portfolio.
Before putting a handback in place, will confirm the funding which led to the invention, to ensure that there are no third party obligations which either preclude the ability to assign the rights from the University to the inventors, or need to be transferred to the inventors under the handback. The handback typically refers to a submitted patent application and is therefore put in place after the inventors have filed the application with a patent office.
Once a handback has been executed, the inventors own all the rights in the assigned intellectual property, and are responsible for its commercialisation and ongoing patent protection as they see fit. will not take any action to protect or commercialise the assigned technology. There is an obligation for the inventors to provide with an annual financial report accounting for any payments due under the University’s Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy .
Please refer to the following sections for further information:
How does decide whether to take my idea into its portfolio?
What is the University's Revenue Sharing Policy?
handles the sharing of licensing revenue with inventors and departments in accordance with the University’s Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) Policy .
Which aspects of a commercialisation agreement does the University consider to be the most important?
There are two types of terms in any commercialisation agreement – financial and non-financial. Our mission is to ensure that a licensed technology leads to benefit for society, the economy, the inventors and the University. Therefore whilst financial terms are important to reward and recognise the contributions of the inventors and the University, they are not the only aspects we focus on in negotiations.
Often our licences will be exclusive in a particular field. This is particularly appropriate when the licensee will need to make significant investment to bring the technology to a suitable level of development before it can be incorporated in a product. Depending on the technology and the market opportunities, there may be multiple licensees with exclusive rights in different, non-overlapping fields, in order that the potential of the technology can be fully realised. However, in other cases a number of non-exclusive licences may be a better route forward, for example when the technology is likely to be widely used (such as software end-user licences) or some degree of risk-sharing is useful to encourage uptake of a disruptive technology. Some funding terms, e.g. European collaborations, also require arising to be licensed non-exclusively.
Possibly the most important term to is around diligent commercialisation. We require our licensees to exploit the licensed technology to its maximum potential in the licensed field, and particularly emphasise this in exclusive licences to ensure that the licensee focuses on commercialising the technology, rather than it sitting undeveloped and with no opportunity for others to move the technology forward.
How can help to find industry contacts who are interested in my technology?
am a clinician and have an invention, who can help?
If you are an employee without any link to the University, contact  Health East  for help with commercialising your idea.
What do need to consider if have some software I'd like to commercialise?
The things to consider when deciding whether to commercialise software are:
whether all the contributors and authors of the software are in agreement with commercialising it
that whoever funded the underlying research permits the software to be licensed (see the University’s and Research Council’s data sharing policies here  and here )
the type of licence you wish to provide the software under (e.g. open source, paid, etc)
who the end users might be and whether they may require a Graphical User Interface (GUI) or additional support.
whether to license the software or form a company.
What other resources on technology commercialisation are available in the University?
Many departments and faculties have Champions , who are members of the department or faculty with a particular interest in commercialisation. They work closely with and are an ideal first point of contact for you as they will be focused on aspects particularly relevant to your department, faculty or discipline. Many science and technology departments also have Knowledge Transfer Facilitators, whose role is specifically to help you with various aspects of engaging with industry – again working closely with Enterprise.
Where can find out more about innovation activity in Cambridge?
How does spin-out formation work in Cambridge?
Spin-out formation in is unusual in two ways. Academics can opt out and commercialise the technology themselves and/or the University has its own seed funds that can fund new companies that emanate from the University. Seed Funds team has three levels of preference as to the types of companies that it funds:
Companies founded on technology owned by the University. These are inventions from members of the University who have opted into the ownership of the and services that it provides.
Companies founded on technology owned by current members of the University, that is, inventions from members of the University who have opted out of the system, or members who have made the invention outside of their normal activities within the University.
This is done on a case-by-case basis, but the equity will usually be split between as owners of the technology (in return for licensing the technology to the new company) and the founders of the company. Founders may include inventors of the technology who will play an active role in the company going forward, plus any other management brought in to assist with the development of the company in the early stages. Factors influencing the share of the initial equity include:
the role of the University in the development of the technology
the role of the founders in the development of the technology and the company
Good faith negotiations will take place between the founders and Enterprise, and any inventors who are not founders, to come up with an equity split that will give a fair financial return to all stakeholders and will incentivise the founders to drive the new company forward in the best way possible.
What do you mean by 'nature of the licence'?
What happens when money is invested in a company?
Once the founding equity has been decided, the company will need to go out and pitch for investment. The University can invest in spin-out companies through the Seed Funds team at Enterprise. If Seed Funds (and other investors) decide to invest, negotiations will take place between the investors and the company to ascertain the value of the company. Once investment is made, the original equity holders of the company (founders plus Enterprise) are diluted accordingly by the investors.
Suppose two academics decide to form a company based on their work at the University and there is one additional inventor who decides not to be part of the new company. During initial negotiations it is agreed that the equity split will be 50% to in return for the licence to the technology and 25% to each of the founding academics. During fundraising, Seed Funds decides to invest £500,000 and agrees that the value of the company is also £500,000. The equity split before and after funding would look like this:
The above example is an oversimplification of what normally happens. The sums are rarely that simple and financial returns upon realisation don’t always mirror percentage ownership due to factors such as options and preference shares.
When is the licensed to the newly formed company?
would like the University spin-out to operate initially within the University. Is this possible?
At the University, is largely governed by the terms of the Financial Regulations found in Chapter (Finance and Property) of the Statutes and Ordnances of the University of Cambridge; an updated copy of the Financial Regulations can be found here: http://www.finance.admin.cam.ac.uk/policy-and-procedures/financial-regulations .
Intellectual property (IP) encompasses the expression of ideas, information and knowledge. includes not only discoveries and inventions, but also music, literature, and other artistic works, as well as words, phrases, symbols and designs. In the University context can be considered as the outcome of research projects, collaborations, consultancies and other activities. At the University of this is governed by the University Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
Where can find more information about and patents on the web?
How do decide who are the inventors of this invention?
The legal requirements for an invention to be patentable are:
novelty – at least some aspects of the invention must be new and not described elsewhere in the public domain
non-obviousness – the invention could not have been predicted by someone working in the field
After your invention is disclosed to Enterprise, we will evaluate its patentability. If your invention is patentable then a priority application is drafted by a patent attorney. acts on your behalf and liaises with patent attorneys during this process. The timeline as well as the costs of the patent process are summarised here . Once granted, the term of a patent, or the time it is enforceable, is of 20 years from the initial filing.
works with inventors and patent agents to draft strong patent applications. Once an application is filed, we will manage all stages of the patent prosecution and administration.
Copyright provides the author or creator of an original work with certain rights concerning use of that work and governs use of the work by others. It arises automatically without the need for registration as soon as the work is created and recorded in a material form.
law recognises two forms of rights in databases – Copyright Designs and Patents Act 1998, Section 3and Copyright and Rights in Databases Regulations 1997.
database is defined as a collection of independent works, data or other materials which:
are arranged in a systematic or methodical way, and
literary work consisting of a database is original if, and only if, by reason of the selection or arrangement of the contents of the database the database constitutes the author’s own intellectual creation.
Examples of databases include telephone directories and timetables.
Like copyright, a database right is an automatic right which exists as soon as the database exists in a recorded form. Database rights last for either 15 years from the end of the year in which the making of the database was completed or, if it was published during that period, 15 years from the end of the year in which the database was first made available to the public.
Database rights provide the author or creator of an original work with certain rights concerning use of that work and governs use of the work by others. It arises automatically without the need for registration as soon as the work is created and recorded in a material form.
As a general rule, the first owner of a database right is its author, who may, among other ways, license use of that work to another person or organisation for specific purposes and time period, or assign the database right (i.e. transfer ownership of the database right in that work to another person or organisation).
In essence, database right is a property right and may be bought or sold, inherited or bequeathed, or licensed or assigned in whole or in part. The database right can apply to both paper and electronic databases.
Infringement of the database right takes place where a person, without the consent of the owner of the database right:
There are a number of permitted acts which provide defences to claims for infringement. database right in a database which has been made available to the public is not infringed by:
data is extracted by a licensed user of the database for teaching or research, and not for any commercial purpose, provided the source of the material is cited
extraction and reutilisation permitted when it is not possible by reasonable inquiry to ascertain the identity of the maker and it is reasonable to assume that the database right has expired
Design right can be used to stop someone copying your design. It only applies to the shape and configuration of objects.
There are two kinds of design right – non-registered and registered.
Non-registered design right exists automatically and protects your design for ten years after the design was first sold or 15 years after it was created – whichever is earliest. However, it is important to note that non-registered design rights are difficult to enforce and don’t provide very strong protection.
Materials may be created during your research (for example antibodies, proteins, constructs, cell lines, microorganisms, plants and animals). These materials are tangible things that may originate in nature and there are legal rights associated with these materials.  Like inventions, the legal rights to materials can be transferred by agreement to other parties. These agreements may dictate what can and cannot be done with a material, for example, a material cannot be modified or sold commercially without permission of the creator. Some materials may be protected by patents.
trademark provides a way of uniquely identifying a product or organisation (‘the brand’). It can be a name, word, slogan, design, symbol or other unique identifier.
trademark can be registered to protect the brand. registered trademark enables the holder of the trademark to:
take legal action against anyone using the brand without permission
display the ® symbol next to the brand
sell and license the brand
To be registered, a trademark must be unique. It can include words, sounds, logos, colours or a combination of these. It cannot be offensive, describe the goods or services it will relate to, be misleading, be a 3-dimensional shape associated with the trademark, or be too common or non-distinctive.
registered trademark will last 10 years, after which it may be renewed.
Confidential Disclosure Agreement (CDA) is a legal agreement covering how information exchanged between two or more parties will be treated. These agreements are particularly important when you want to ensure that your information, knowledge or research results are held in confidence prior to filing a patent application, to allow a potential research or commercialisation partner to consider the merits of the idea, or to limit how the disclosed information can be used.
Can commercialise software that includes open source code?
This depends on the terms of the licence governing the open source code you’ve used and may affect what you intend doing with the software you’ve created. It is worthwhile familiarising yourself with the terms of the licence agreement, and if there are restrictions, then consider using alternate code or writing novel code if necessary.
At we work together to provide support to University staff and students interested in commercialisation. Whether you're ready to form a spin-out or just want to have an informal chat about the applications of your research, please 
Image: University shield, courtesy the University of Cambridge.
 by TWKWatch our film, a distinctive take on innovation that showcases some of the world-changing ideas has supported in the journey to market – from a drug with the potential to save millions of lives to a flower seed mix that helps bees.
Using a custom-built chain reaction device, the film takes viewers beyond the licences, patents and investment that are central to Enterprise, by illustrating the impact of commercialising University research.
“have a drawer full of promotional videos from other companies that I’ll never watch because they all mirror the same ‘talking head’ format,” said Tony Raven. “We wanted something that would grab people’s attention and get them telling our story, something outside the box.”
Our film is a take on the classic ‘Rube Goldberg’ machine, which was named after the American inventor and cartoonist. His illustrations depicted deliberately complex inventions performing simple tasks, usually as a chain reaction.
Using models, pyrotechnics and one very patient University Professor, Enterprise’s video illustrates some of the work the company has supported commercially: the anti-thrombin drug ichorcumab, which has the potential to save millions of lives, a revolutionary suspension technology used in Formula 1 racing, a programme to prevent ideological extremism and intergroup conflict, a flower seed mix that is helping the UK’s bee population survive and flourish, software that creates unique music at the touch of a button, and a breakthrough in sequencing technology .
“played a crucial role in all steps of the development of ichorcumab – from patenting to licensing to the final negotiation to get this taken over by a big pharma,” said University of Professor Jim Huntington, Institute for Medical Research, who appears in the opening frames of the film. “They played a critical role throughout and we couldn’t have done it without them.”
It took three weeks to build the machine. And on the day of the shoot, it took a team of 15 from Greenwich-based Contra to capture the continuous, unedited final take.  Things went right. Things went wrong. You can watch our ‘making of’ film below. Just resetting the machine after every failed take took half an hour (sweeping up flower seeds and sand, and rigging sparklers among other tasks).
Thank you for your interest in working for Enterprise, however we have no current vacancies.
Or, if you would like to be amongst the first to hear about new job opportunities, we invite you to connect with us via Twitter and LinkedIn.
Working for Enterprise’s benefits package includes 30 days holiday per year and a University pension. This is alongside a commitment to employee personal development, a modern office space on the West site (home to a thriving academic and research and development community) and the chance to work alongside some of the most experienced Technology Transfer professionals in the world. We welcome applications from individuals looking for a stimulating role with flexibility around family commitments, including returnees to the workplace.
 by TWKThe following represents some highlights of Enterprise’s work for the financial year from 1 August 2017 to 31 July 2018. For further information on our performance please see our 2018 Annual Review .
Distributions to academics, the University and others: £6.3 million
Costs (staff and other operating costs): £4.8 million
Investment in assets (patent and proof of concept): £1.1 million
£21.6 million in translational funding won with the support of £6.6 million invested in spin-out companies
£1.7 billion in follow-on funding has been raised by our portfolio companies since 1995. Last year, we supported 1,825 researchers at all stages of the commercialisation process.
offers support to all the University’s research fields, from engineering, maths and medicine, to the arts, humanities and social sciences. It is through us that many of the ideas from University research are developed into opportunities attractive to companies, licensing and consultancy contracts are agreed, and funding is acquired by start-ups and spin-outs.
Whether you have an idea that’s still germinating, expertise to share with organisations, research findings that have raised commercial interest, or are ready to start a company and get your ideas to market, we’re here to help you achieve success.
It’s never too early to  get in touch  with us, either for help managing discussions with an external organisation, or for advice on the best routes for commercialisation.
Do you have an idea with commercial potential?
The Technology Transfer team works with researchers wanting to develop their ideas, technologies and inventions into opportunities that are attractive to industry and investors. The team can advise on, facilitate and coordinate the resources required to develop and implement commercialisation strategies. By assisting with market assessment, intellectual property management, proof of concept funding and management of licensing opportunities, the team helps you achieve impact from your ideas.
Do you want to start a company?
The Seed Funds team supports academics and students through direct investment, allowing them to build teams and raise the finances they need to develop products from their research and to build spin-out companies. The team link entrepreneurs with University seed funds and sources of angel and investment, as well as a network of mentors and management.
Have you been approached by an organisation that wants your advice? The Consultancy Services team supports staff, researchers and students to use their expertise and know-how gained in research to provide advice to external organisations. This includes solving commercial problems, consultancy support to spin-outs, expert witness advice and serving on scientific advisory boards. The team handles business negotiations, contracts and the collection and distribution of fees. You will also automatically be covered by the University’s insurance policies, including professional indemnity.
Image: The Hauser Forum at night. 
Among his many distinguished roles in academia and government, Sir Keith O’Nions served as the Director General of the UK’s seven Research Councils where he managed an annual multi-billion pound budget and developed the science and innovation policy and strategy. He was Chief Scientific Adviser for the Ministry of Defence, Head of Earth Sciences and Professor of Physics and Chemistry Minerals at the University of Oxford, and Director General, Science and Innovation, in the Department for Innovation, Universities and Skills.
Sir Keith received a knighthood for services to Earth Sciences in the 1999 Queen’s Birthday Honours and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1983.
Enterprise’s role is to support University staff and students in creating world-class societal benefit through commercialisation of their world-leading research and scholarship. Tony’s aspiration for is to 'have fun and make a difference' supporting the full breadth of opportunities across the campus, from archaeology to zoology, with an ambition worthy of a university of Cambridge’s international standing.
This strategy has resulted in tremendous growth for Enterprise; since 2011, its venture funding capacity has grown by 730%, the number of spin-outs created has gone up by 250%, and its consultancy support service has increased by 90%. Today, is one of the most successful offices internationally.  Compared to its international peers, it generates more licences per £/$ of research funding and at the lowest cost per licence, while University spin-outs have raised the largest amount of investment in total over the past five years.
Starting in academia and before coming back into academia, Tony had a long history as a successful technology entrepreneur. The companies he has founded include Summit Technology, the pioneer of laser refractive surgery, which was acquired by Nestle Alcon in 2000 for $893 million; publicly-quoted technology consultancy Sagentia plc; and Diomed Inc, a pioneer of surgical diode lasers which was listed in the in 2002 before being acquired by a Angiodynamics Inc in 2008.
Paul is Deputy Director of Enterprise. He is responsible for implementing a five year strategy that aims to enhance our customer service so that we can help more academics, researchers, companies and investors to create a positive impact on society. cornerstone of the strategy is the introduction of a new system that will enable customers to access data as well as driving greater efficiency within the business.
Paul was previously Head of Consultancy Services for six years, during which period he doubled the team’s turnover. He is a Board member and Director of three University of subsidiary companies: Limited, University Technical Services (CUTS) and Institute for Manufacturing Education and Consultancy Services Limited.
Paul has considerable experience of technology transfer in both the biotech and medtech sectors. He was previously Head of Business Development at Health East, where he was instrumental in building a successful technology transfer and consultancy organisation for the Before that, he was a Technology Manager at for more than three years and led its Life Sciences team. Paul also spent five years as a Senior Scientist with a biotech company that had spun out of the University, helping it to develop its medtech business.
Paul has a degree in Biochemistry and a Phin Chemistry from Manchester. After his PhD, he became a post-doctoral researcher for the Medical Research Council and then later for the University of Cambridge.
Paul first joined in 2001 and returned after he completed his time with Health East in 2009.
Alan Blackwell is Professor of Interdisciplinary Design at the University of Department of Computer Science and Technology (the Computer Laboratory), having prior qualifications in professional engineering, computing and experimental psychology.
He has more than 30 years’ experience of designing industrial systems, electronic and software products, including periods as a design consultant, researcher and lead product designer for a wide variety of companies. He has taught design courses and supervised postgraduate design research students in computing, architecture, psychology, languages, music and engineering. He is a Fellow of Darwin College, Deputy Head of the Computer Laboratory, and Co-director of the Global Challenges initiative.
Charles Cotton is Founder and Chairman of Phenomenon International Ltd. He co-authored The Phenomenon 50 Years of Innovation and Enterprise, which will also be published in Mandarin in Summer 2015. The next book in the series, The Phenomenon: Global Impact is scheduled for publication in Spring 2016. He is a Director of Solarflare Inc.; Ltd; and is a member of its Investment Committees; Chairman of the Advisory Panel of Innovation Capital; Deputy Chairman of Ahead; a member of the Board of Trustees of the American University of Sharjah; and chairs the Advisory Panel for (University Racing).
Previously he was a Supervisory Board member of Euronext Amsterdam listed, Tele Atlas which was sold to TomTom for $4.3Bn in 2008; Executive Chairman of listed, GlobespanVirata Inc.; and of Virata Corp. which he took public on in 1999 and achieved a market cap of more than $5Bn at its peak.
Prior to that he was President of Thermal Scientific Inc, and a Director of London Stock Exchange listed Thermal Scientific Ltd. His engagement in high technology dates back to 1983 when he was Sales and Marketing Director at Sinclair Research Ltd. After graduating, he worked in the automotive industry at British Leyland and Ford.
Professor Andy Neely is Pro-Vice-Chancellor for and Business Relations at the University of Cambridge, Head of the Institute for Manufacturing (IfM) and Head of the Manufacturing and Management Division of University Engineering Department. He is a Fellow of Sidney Sussex College and Founding Director of the Service Alliance. He is widely recognised for his work on the servitisation of manufacturing, as well as his work on performance measurement and management.
Previously Andy has held appointments at Cranfield University, London Business School, University, where he was a Fellow of Churchill College, Nottingham University, where he completed his Phand British Aerospace. He was Deputy Director of Research – the UK’s management research initiative – from 2003 until 2012 and was elected a Fellow of the British Academy of Management in 2007, a Fellow of the Academy of Social Science in 2008 and a Fellow of the European Operations Management Association in 2009.
Jane Osbourn Phis Research and Development and Site Leader for MedImmune in Cambridge, having joined MedImmune (formerly Antibody Technology (CAT) and now the global biologics research and development arm of AstraZeneca) in 1993.
An expert in antibody engineering, she originated several key publications and patents, and has also made a significant contribution to the discovery and development of marketed drugs (Humira and Benlysta) and more than 40 clinical candidates. Jane is Chair of the Board of Directors of the BioIndustry Association, a Director of Babraham Bioscience Technologies, a Director of and has presented at a number of parliamentary Select Committees.
Debu Purkayastha is the Managing Partner at 3rd Eye, a Venture Capital and Private Equity firm investing globally in the technology, media and telecoms sectors.
Debu was formerly the Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Octopus Investments, a global investment firm focusing on early stage technology venture capital investments.
Previously, Debu spent six years with Google, spearheading their global mergers & acquisitions, and investment efforts, which included several landmark acquisitions in the and Europe. Prior to Google, Debu headed Sabre’s Corporate Development team and was an M&banker with Salomon Smith Barney/Citigroup in Wall Street, Silicon Valley and London.
Debu is a founding member of Google ‘Campus’, a co-working space for start-ups in London – an initiative that led to the formation of the ‘Google for Entrepreneurs’ program.
Sitting on the boards of MercyCorps (global NGO) and Tadaweb (Cyber), Debu also sits on the advisory boards of London Business School, Sadara Ventures and Tech London Advocates. Previous board directorships or advisory boards include Veon, DataFlow, Fon, Mobile Planet, Reevoo and HTL/Scandic Hotels, amongst others. Additionally, Debu is a Senior Advisor to (global firm).
Debu spends much of his personal time working with leading NGOs and governmental institutions in several politically-sensitive conflict zones including Palestine, Iraq, Syria and Kashmir, focusing on economic development initiatives aimed primarily at helping fund and build small businesses.
Debu has a from London Business School and is a Chartered Accountant.
Emma Rampton is the Acting Registrary at the University of Cambridge. She joined in 2015 as Academic Secretary and was appointed Acting Registrary from 1 January 2017 following the retirement of Jonathan Nicholls.
Before Cambridge, Emma worked at the University of Oxford. She was there for over ten years, first as the Head of Administration in the Faculty of Law and latterly as Deputy University Secretary, a role in which she had responsibility for overseeing the University’s governance, compliance and assurance processes.  Emma graduated from St John’s College, Oxford, after which she qualified as a lawyer.
Image: University shield, courtesy the University of Cambridge.
Welcome to the homepage of Information Compliance for Enterprise. These pages provide information about Data Protection, Freedom of Information, and offer guidance on Records Management related to both Acts.
University of spin-out Granta Design to be acquired by ANSYS
The  Freedom of Information Act 2000  applies to all “public authorities” as defined in the Act, including Enterprise. It gives a general right of access to all types of recorded information held by us, sets out exemptions from that right and places a number of obligations on us. Under the Act a public authority has two main responsibilities:
production of a guide to the information it makes publicly available; and
dealing with individual written requests for information and providing the information if it is not already published, or exempt from release.
The Act provides a general right of access by an individual to the information held by the Enterprise. Any person wishing to exercise this right must  make their request in writing . must state whether it holds the information and, subject to any applicable exemptions and to the levying of any charges as permitted under the Act, must normally supply the information within 20 working days. The information must be supplied in a format acceptable to the applicant (e.g. by email or in hard copy) so far as reasonably practicable. We have a duty to provide advice and assistance to anyone seeking information.
Whether you’re actively seeking investment money or are just considering the formation of a University spin-out, Seed Funds, the business creation and funding division of Enterprise, can help. With over 20 years of experience in company creation, our team has the proven know-how to support students and academics through direct investment as they build teams and raise the financing they need to develop products from their research. We create partnerships and link entrepreneurs with sources of angel and investing, as well as a network of mentors and management.
supports those trying to start a company based directly on University research or people, investing up to £1 million in each University spin-out from investment funds we manage on the University’s behalf.
Significant follow-on funding is available through Enterprise’s sister fund, Innovation Capital (CIC). has strong ties with the University of and works closely with on its investments. may also invest at the seed stage as a precursor to further investment.
We can work with you to make your business plan stronger, we can connect you with industry mentors and management, and we can fund consultants and proof of market studies. Since 1995, we have invested in 62 companies. You can review our equity portfolio .
If you are developing a business idea, use these slides to structure your thoughts into a business plan.
From our current network, Seed Funds can help you find the best mentors, team members, service providers, co-investors and follow-on investors. This early stage capital and support is pivotal to the success of new companies in what is often seen as a high-risk section of the investment spectrum.
As an evergreen fund, Seed Funds can take a long-term view. All of the money gained from investment realisations is returned to Seed Funds to support the development of future companies.
We also work with our more than 75 portfolio companies to help them secure additional funding, linking them with sources of angel and investment, such as our £120 million ‘sister’ fund, and our Venture Partners programme (CEVP), which brings together investors and fledgling companies.
Since seed funding began in 1995, our portfolio companies have raised more than £1.6 billion in further investment and grant funding. These companies now employ over 1,000 people and are developing solutions in many areas including healthcare, clean energy and Information and Communication Technology (ICT).
The investment we offer
We invest the University seed funds in new companies started by staff and students to enable the commercial development of University research. As such, we offer a range of investment to help develop new ventures. Among them are:
Pathfinder investment, up to £20,000 to help carry out market and intellectual property assessments and business strategies.
Software Pathfinder investment, up to £20,000 for prototype development, field testing and customer pilots.
Fast 50, a initiative that offers up to £50,000 for work on time-sensitive projects and critical experiments that need investment delivered quickly.
Seed investment, up to £500,000 in the initial round, to provide the first stages of company funding to advance technology development and management.
Once our investment is completed we continue to work with you to help develop and grow your business.
Contact us for an early discussion about your idea and its potential. member of the Seed Funds team will work with you to develop your idea and guide you through the investment process.
If applicable, apply for Pathfinder investment to develop your plans – we can make these smaller awards easily.
For larger investment, you will need to present your business plan to the Seed Funds team, which will make an assessment about whether to progress your application to the Investment Committee .
If successful, you will present your idea to our Investment Committee.
With Investment Committee approval we will put in place the necessary legal agreements to complete the investment.
You can download our Starting a Company leaflet as a  here .
Image: Dr Darrin Disley, Horizon Discovery Group Plc and President, centre, celebrates at the London Stock Exchange.
An important aspect of complying with data protection legislation is being open and transparent with individuals about how their personal data will be used.  The supply of this information – through documents variously known as ‘privacy notices’, ‘data protection statements’, ‘data collection notices’, ‘privacy policies’ and numerous other interchangeable terms – takes places in numerous targeted ways depending on the context of the interaction with the individual.
Subscriptions to available technologies and research tools  – How we use your personal information
University of staff and students – How we use your personal information
University of spin-out Granta Design to be acquired by ANSYS
