Focused on the advancement of new applications for CRISPR-based technologies
Exploring the vast potential of CRISPR-Cas technology across therapeutics, agricultural biotech, biological research and industrial biotech
Engineering any genome, at any site, in any way
BERKELEY, – December 12, 2018 – Biosciences, Inc., a leading genome editing company, announced today that it has appointed Natalie Sacks, to its Board of Directors. Dr. Sacks is an accomplished industry leader and oncology...
is a pioneer in the revolutionary field of CRISPR-Cas genome editing.  Our proprietary technology puts us at the forefront of the development of new medical therapies and bio-based products which offer profound benefits to both human health and society as a whole. 
Our singular focus is on the advancement of new applications for CRISPR-Cas gene editing that will help bring the tremendous promise this technology holds for patients and consumers to reality.
­Our Approach
is a pioneer in the revolutionary field of CRISPR-Cas genome editing.  Our proprietary technology puts us at the forefront of the development of new medical therapies and bio-based products which offer profound benefits to both human health and society as a whole.
Our singular focus is on the advancement of new applications for CRISPR-Cas gene editing that will help bring the tremendous promise this technology holds for patients and consumers to reality.
is a rapidly growing leader in one of the most revolutionary developments in science this century – CRISPR-Cas gene editing.
We are applying our transformational technology platform and discoveries in four priority markets:
Agricultural biotechnology
Biological research
Industrial biotechnology
Through the formation of alliances with industry leaders in each of these markets as well as internal technology and product development, we are driving the creation and adoption of innovative new medical therapies and bio-based products.
The CRISPR-Cas technology platform enables simple, flexible targeting of any site in a genome with applications in:
Human and animal therapeutics
Functional genomic screens
currently counts among its key collaborators Novartis and Intellia Therapeutics.
Our Commitment To Quality
We are dedicated to developing cutting-edge solutions for cellular engineering and analysis by combining scientific expertise and integrity with quality systems, to deliver beneficial and safe products that meet or exceed customer expectations. On a personal and professional level, we are committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees, customers, and natural environment.  All of our business is conducted in accordance with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with all applicable laws.
CRISPR-Cas Technology
The CRISPR-Cas technology platform enables simple, flexible targeting of any site in a genome. Learn more. 
The CRISPR-Cas technology platform has the potential to revolutionize the future of therapeutics, agriculture, biological research, and industrial biotechnology. Learn more.
Connect with us on Twitter for the latest news and updates. Click here.
For media and investor inquiries and general information,  click here.
­President and Chief Executive Officer
Rachel is a co-founder of and has been President and since its inception in 2011. She has a research background in CRISPR-Cas biology, and is also a co-founder of Intellia Therapeutics. In 2014, she was named by Forbes Magazine to the "30 Under 30" list in Science and Healthcare, and in 2016, Fortune Magazine named her to the "40 Under 40" list of the most influential young people in business. In 2018, the Association for Women in Science recognized Rachel with the annual Next Generation Award. Rachel is an inventor on several patents and patent applications covering multiple CRISPR-based technologies, and she has co-authored scientific papers in high impact journals characterizing CRISPR-Cas systems. Rachel earned an in Biological Sciences from Harvard College, and received a Ph.in Molecular and Cell Biology from the University of California, Berkeley.
Barbara McClung, J.D.
Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Barbara serves as Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary for Biosciences, where she is responsible for all legal functions, including intellectual property strategy and portfolio management, contracts, corporate transactions, board governance, and employment law. In addition, the Company's human resources function reports to Barbara. Prior to joining in 2015, she headed the legal functions at Intarcia Therapeutics, Inc. and Cygnus, Inc. Barbara began her career as a patent attorney with du Pont de Nemours and Company, and then joined Chiron Corporation where she was patent counsel for Chiron’s vaccine division. Barbara is a member of the California, Delaware, and Pennsylvania bars, and is a registered patent attorney before the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Barbara received her from the University of California, San Diego, and her from the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Timothy Herpin, Ph.D., M.B.A.
Chief Business Officer
Tim is the Chief Business Officer of where he leads the Company's efforts in the areas of strategic partnerships, licensing agreements, and other value creation opportunities. Prior to Caribou, Tim was Vice President, Head of Transactions at AstraZeneca and managed a group of business development professionals involved in the negotiation and execution of transactions in multiple disease areas. Prior to that, he served as Vice President of Strategic Partnering and Business Development for Oncology. Before AstraZeneca, Tim spent eight years in the business development organization at Bristol-Myers Squibb covering both search and evaluation as well as transactions in multiple disease areas. Before his business development career, Tim worked in R&at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Aventis, and Pharmacopeia. Tim received his undergraduate degree from the École Polytechnique in France, his Ph.in Chemistry from the University College London, UK, and an from the Stern School of Business.
Steven Kanner, Ph.D.
Steve is the Chief Scientific Officer of responsible for the Company’s therapeutic discovery, research, and development activities. Before joining in 2017, Steve was most recently Vice President, Head of Biology, at Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals leading a department in discovery of RNAi therapeutics for oncology, genetic diseases, and other indications. Prior to Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, he served in various positions of increasing responsibility in both oncology and inflammation drug discovery at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Agensys/Astellas, and Astex Pharmaceuticals. Steve has authored over 80 publications in both peer-reviewed journals and books, and is an inventor on numerous and foreign patents and patent applications. Steve earned his undergraduate degree in Genetics from the University of California, Berkeley, and his Ph.in Immunology and Microbiology from the University of Miami’s Miller School of Medicine. He did his post-doctoral fellowship at the University of Virginia.
Chris Fuller, Ph.D.
Vice President of Informatics
As the Vice President of Informatics, Chris leads the informatics and software efforts at Biosciences. He has a background managing diverse teams in developing instrumentation, medical devices, software, and microfluidic systems. Prior to joining in 2014, he held research and leadership positions in consulting, startup, and established company environments, including Signature Bioscience, Sciex, and Triple Ring Technologies. He led the development of the CellKey instrument for Sciex from its inception through to product launch. Chris is an inventor of multiple patents and patent applications. He received his and degrees in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and a Ph.in Bioinformatics from the University of California, San Francisco.
Scott Gradia, Ph.D.
Vice President of Platform Research
Scott serves as the Vice President of Platform Research and directs Caribou's molecular biology lab capabilities, facility operations, and platform research and development. In this role, Scott is responsible for the Company's new genome editing technology development efforts. Before joining in 2015, Scott founded and led the MacroLab, a cloning and protein purification facility on the University of California, Berkeley campus. Scott received his in Genetics from Iowa State University and his Ph.in Genetics from Thomas Jefferson University, where he was awarded the Weintraub Graduate Student Award for his work describing the biochemistry of mismatch repair and its role in hereditary colon cancer. He performed his post-doctoral work as a Damon-Runyon fellow at the University of California, Berkeley, studying structural biology.
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Jennifer Doudna, Ph.D.
Jennifer is a co-founder of and a faculty member of the departments of Molecular and Cell Biology and Chemistry at the University of California, Berkeley, and Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, is an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, and is a member of the National Academy of Sciences and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. Her research seeks to understand how non-coding molecules control the expression of genetic information and she has published extensively in the field of CRISPR-Cas biology. Jennifer's work and that of her collaborator Emmanuelle Charpentier was recognized by the award of a Breakthrough Prize. Her work on CRISPR-Cas systems has also been recognized with the Paul Janssen Award for Biomedical Research and a Lurie Prize in Biomedical Sciences, and the Princess of Asturias award. Jennifer was also named to the 2015 Magazine's 100 list of the 100 most influential people in the world. After serving as a member of the Yale University faculty for eight years, during which time she was promoted to Henry Ford Professor of Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry, she joined the Berkeley faculty in 2002. Jennifer earned a in Biochemistry from Pomona College and a Ph.in Biochemistry from Harvard University.
Martin Jinek, Ph.D.
Martin is a co-founder of and an Assistant Professor at the University of Zurich in the Department of Biochemistry. His research focuses on molecular mechanisms that orchestrate cellular regulation through protein-interactions. His studies include biochemical and structural approaches to investigate these processes at the atomic level. Martin has contributed significantly to the field of biology both through basic discovery and through the invention of new CRISPR-based technologies. He has won both the Human Frontier Science Program Fellowship and the Long-term Fellowship. Martin received a in Natural Sciences and an in Chemistry from the University of Cambridge and a Ph.in Structural Biology from the University of Heidelberg.
Biosciences, Inc.
