We are focused on the development of innovative materials, processes, and technologies that bring transformative change to the way electricity is generated, managed, and stored.
High Energy Density Capacitors
Systems, processes, and materials combine to optimize storage characteristics. 
Environmentally safe, cost effective solutions.
Research Facilities
New state-of-the-art laboratory located in the Louisiana Business & Technology Center on the South Campus of Louisiana State University.
Proprietary Materials
Materials and polymers uniquely suited for energy markets - dielectric materials, insulative coatings, energy conversion. 
Economical, Environmentally Friendly, "Green" Technology.
Chief Scientist
Dr. serves as the Chief Scientist and leads all company research & development. He is a company co-founder and inventor of the technologies to be commercialized by Scientific. David also serves as a director of the Company.
Dr. received his Ph.in Chemistry from Virginia Tech and was a National Institute of Health Postdoctoral Fellow at Colorado State University.
He is the holder of over 20 patents in the areas of advanced energy technologies, organic synthesis, and analytical instrumentation.
Dr. is recognized as an innovator of novel Chemistry for alternative energy technologies and pharmaceutical development. He previously founded several successful corporations which, under his direction, invented, developed, and commercialized a diverse and complex set of core technologies with similar risks and complexity.
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Lyons serves as the Chief Executive Officer of and is responsible for all business and financial management. He is a company co-founder and specializes in early stage emerging business models and high growth technology companies.
He graduated from Georgetown University with a in Accounting and received his from New York State. Mr. Lyons spent eleven years in public accounting and twenty years serving as Financial Officer for early stage and high growth technology companies.
Business Development Director
Mr. Priddy is responsible for nurturing the relationships that lead to opportunities with our future business partners. He has extensive experience in the regulated and unregulated energy industries and is a frequent speaker and prolific publisher with over 100 articles and presentations on current and forward-looking energy-related topics.
He has extensive experience in working with industry participants and end users to find solutions and opportunities for technologies within emerging and existing energy markets.  His background includes experience in infrastructure security, demand side management, demand response, corporate sustainability evolution, distributed energy, and clean energy technologies.
