Continuously creating for our customers 
Envisioning a world no one has ever seen.
            provides support for the intellectual creativity of human beings, aiming to make the future more fulfilling for people everywhere.
leverages superior technologies and innovation to create products which deliver new value by meeting the latent needs of customers.
Casio’s primary objective is to make products that work reliably in any environment, and can always be used with safety.
has been making products smaller, slimmer, lighter, and more energy saving for years, so the concept of continually reducing environmental impact has become almost second nature. 
seeks to foster the next generation by providing products that children use in school and striving to build a more sustainable global society. 
is creating new value by not only providing products, but also maintaining a dialogue with customers. 
Announcement of consolidated financial results for the second quarter of the fiscal year ending Mar. 31, 2019.
Signs Partnership Agreement with Ministry of Education and Culture of the Republic of Indonesia
In order to view the files, you need Adobe Acrobat Reader.
                       If you do not have it, please download it by clicking on the link banner.
Continuously creating for our customers 
Casio's corporate creed is "creativity and contribution." 
The unique strengths of four people, united as one
How serves the worldwide market.
When and where was founded and what inventions were a breakthrough. 
 Introducing businesses and activities of the Casio.
procures various materials from a large number of suppliers in and outside Japan.  
Annual Report 2017 for the year ended March 31, 2017.
The main financial data about is available.
The latest Financial data is available.
Kashio Seisakujo was a small subcontractor factory that made microscope parts and gears. Tadao had three younger brothers, Toshio, Kazuo, and Yukio. Toshio initially worked at the Tokyo office of the Ministry of Communications (now NTT) as a technician, building and equipping telegraph and telephone facilities. However, when Toshio saw how Tadao was toiling every day at his job, he began to wonder if he could come up with something to help his older brother with his career. As a child, the thoughtful Toshio had admired Edison, and told his family that he wanted to become an inventor when he grew up. With his extensive electrical knowledge, Toshio had already achieved results in system improvement at his workplace; however he decided to quit his job to go work at Kashio Seisakujo in order to really test his own abilities for innovation.
Utilizing his natural inventiveness, Toshio tried out several new ideas. One of these was “the yubiwa (finger ring) pipe.” At that time in postwar Japan, commodities were in short supply, and people smoked their cigarettes down to the very nub. For this reason, Toshio came up with a ring-mounted cigarette holder so that he could also smoke while doing his work. Tadao produced it on a lathe, and their father Shigeru went out to market it. Orders gradually began to pour in and the yubiwa pipe became a hit product soon after it was produced. The profits from this invention would later go towards the capital needed for development of a new kind of calculator.
Looking for a new product to follow the yubiwa pipe, the Kashio brothers laid eyes on foreign-made electric calculators at the first Business Show held in Ginza, Tokyo, in 1949. Most calculators at that time used mechanical gears, and there were none that employed electronic circuits like today’s devices. The main type of calculator used in Japan at that time was the hand-operated calculator, which employed gears and a hand crank. Although electric calculators using a small motor to turn the gears had already appeared overseas, they could not be manufactured in Japan, as a high level of technical expertise and special quality materials were needed in order to process the parts. Although the electric calculator was faster than the hand-operated model, it was still much slower than calculators today, and since the gears turned at a high speed, it made a shrill noise. With his electrical knowledge, Toshio thought that he could resolve a lot of the problems by using all electrical circuits instead of mechanical parts, and decided to try to make his own calculator. Toshio used a type of electromagnet called a solenoid, and began development of an electric calculator without gears.
Tadao and Toshio soon found themselves working all day on subcontracting work to make a living, and then spending their evening hours absorbed in developing the calculator. They showed the prototype to people and then made improvements after getting feedback, and in this way worked out the various problems and bugs in the invention. After making ten or more prototypes, they completed Japan’s first electric calculator in 1954. The following year, the Kashio brothers proudly took their finished product to Bunshodo Corporation, the trading company handling office supplies, including calculators. Unfortunately, the Bunshodo representative told them that their calculator was out of date because it could not do continuing multiplication, wherein a multiplication product could be subsequently multiplied by another number.
Tadao and Toshio once again began spending their days working out the problems with the next prototypes. Around that time, both younger brothers, Kazuo and Yukio, also quit their jobs, and began working at Kashio Seisakujo. Toshio came up with the ideas, Yukio, who had taken mechanical engineering at university, drew the plans, and Tadao and Kazuo did the production. In 1956, six years after the start of development, they were close to completing a calculator with a continuing multiplication function, and all they had left to do was figure out how to mass-produce it. At this point, Toshio suddenly stated that he wanted to completely redesign the calculator. The solenoid design with its complicated mechanical structure meant potential difficulties for mass production. Toshio wanted to eliminate the solenoid design and use relays like those employed in the telephone exchange equipment of those days, in order to make a completely electric calculator.
Although computers using relays had already appeared by the late 1950s, they were so large that they required a whole room to themselves, complete with an air purification system. The disadvantage of relays was that they were easily affected by fine particles and dust. In order to solve this problem, special ingenuity was needed to bring electronic calculation to regular offices. First, the four Kashio brothers worked to reduce the number of relays from the several thousand (sometimes over ten thousand) used in the giant computers of the day to just 341, through improvements in the circuit design. They also developed an original new type of relay that was hardly affected by dust.
The greatest feature of the four brothers¡ new invention was the adoption of the ten-key format. The calculators at that time used what was called a “full keypad” with just the numerals 0 to 9 for all the digit places. This newly developed relay-type calculator used only 10 number keys, just like pocket calculators today.
unique design was also adopted for the display. Calculators at that time had three display windows, and when calculating “100 + 200 = 300” the numerals “100,” “200,” and “300” were all displayed at the same time. However, with the relay calculator, the numbers disappeared after the next number was entered, and just the final answer appeared at the end. Today this seems like common sense, but at that time it was a revolutionary new idea, and it required a lot of hard work to get it accepted. With these innovations however, compact calculators were realized, and the office calculator was born.
June 1957: Marketing for the world's first compact all-electric calculator, the "14-A" begins, and Co., Ltd. is established
At the end of 1956, the brothers decided to unveil their completed calculator in Sapporo, but they ran into a snag when taking the calculator to be loaded onto the plane at Haneda Airport. The person in charge told them that it exceeded the allowable size, and asked them if they could detach the top part. The brothers turned pale. The top part included the display and keys, which were very important for the operation of the calculator. They tried to protest by saying that the calculator could be irreparably damaged, but finally took the machine apart for loading. After arriving in Sapporo they put the calculator back together, but just as they had feared, it no longer worked. They tried in vain to repair it, but it was completely unsalvageable. Although they went ahead with the presentation using slides, it seemed to end as a failure. Just as the brothers arrived home, somewhat discouraged, a representative from Uchida Yoko Co., Ltd., paid them a visit and asked to see the calculator. The branch manager who had seen the presentation in Sapporo had told his head office to investigate the new invention. Since Uchida Yoko had subcontracted work to Kashio Seisakujo in the past, the company already had confidence in the Kashio brothers. Now seven years of hard work in development had suddenly paid off. contract was signed with Uchida Yoko as the exclusive dealer, and in June 1957, Co., Ltd., was established as the development and production company for the relay calculators. The brothers asked their father, Shigeru, to fill the position of President, which he accepted.
With the relay calculator enjoying strong sales to large corporations and research institutions, continued to grow. In order to meet the growing demand, a new factory was built in Yamato-machi, entering full production in 1960. Energy was also put into the development of new products, and new types of calculators were released one after another, including the Compuwriter, an automatic form output device that connected to an electric typewriter, and the AL-1 calculator for scientific and technological use. continued to lead the market.
Sales Department established, with a dual sales system employing dealer and direct sales
Exclusive dealer contract with Uchida Yoko Co., Ltd., discontinued; takes over 50 sales outlets
Just as the company was achieving strong earnings with the relay calculator, a new wave of technological innovation arrived. An electronic calculator with vacuum tubes first appeared in Great Britain, and before long, many Japanese manufacturers followed with calculators using the newly invented transistors. Electronic calculators were much faster than relay models, completely silent, and were even small enough to fit on top of a desk. With the arrival of this electronic model, sales of relay calculators fell dramatically, leaving a mountain of unsold inventory. had done some research on transistor-based electronic calculators, but accustomed to strong sales of relay calculators, the company had fallen behind others in transistor development, and now found itself in the first crisis since its establishment.
When it was announced that newly developed relay calculators were intended to compete with electronic models, the dealers who were there insisted that the relay era was over and wanted to know why was not coming out with an electronic model. After much internal debate, the company decided to exhibit a transistor model prototype that had been secretly developed. Even though the prototype still had wiring sticking out, it won overwhelmingly enthusiastic approval. From that day on, put all its energy into electronic calculators, and Casioês first electronic product, the 001, was released in 1965. This product, with a memory function not found in competing calculators, was well received, and the companyês calculator business was back on the road to recovery.
Tadao and Toshio soon found themselves working all day on subcontracting work to make a living, and then spending their evening hours absorbed in developing the calculator. They showed the prototype to people and then made improvements after getting feedback, and in this way worked out the various problems and bugs in the invention. After making ten or more prototypes, they completed Japan's first electric calculator in 1954. The following year, the Kashio brothers proudly took their finished product to Bunshodo Corporation, the trading company handling office supplies, including calculators. Unfortunately, the Bunshodo representative told them that their calculator was out of date because it could not do continuing multiplication, wherein a multiplication product could be subsequently multiplied by another number.
Head office moved to Yamato-machi, Kitatama-gun (now Higashi Yamato City), Tokyo
Due to strong sales in Japan, offers began to come in from overseas for the 001 desktop electronic calculator. Seeing a good opportunity to expand abroad, developed the 101 with improvements for the overseas market, and in 1966 exported its first calculator to Australia. In the following year, established a European office in Switzerland, followed by an overseas sales company in the (Casio, Inc.) in 1970. In 1972, established G.m.b.Deutschland (now Europe G.m.b.H.) in Germany, and the company began growing worldwide.
enters the and Canadian markets (partnership with Commodore)
October 1967: Release of the world ’s first programmable electronic desktop calculators with program (AL-1000 series)
While expanding its sales routes, also promoted development of various new models. The AL-1000, which realized the world’s first software programmable calculator, was widely used for scientific, technical, and business calculations, becoming a record long-selling product. In addition, went on to quickly release various other products with original new functions, such as the PR-144, which had the two “world-first” features of a read and program system using punch cards and a printer device.
Due to strong sales in Japan, offers began to come in from overseas for the 001 desktop electronic calculator. Seeing a good opportunity to expand abroad, developed the 101 with improvements for the overseas market, and in 1966 exported its first calculator to Australia. In the following year, established a European office in Switzerland, followed by an overseas sales company in the (Casio, Inc.) in 1970. In 1972, established G.m.b.Deutschland (now Europe G.m.b.H.) in Germany, and the company began growing worldwide.
Select Country or RegionThe unique strengths of four people, united as one
Led by the second eldest, Toshio, the four brothers developed the 14-A, the world’s first compact all-electric calculator, and established Co., Ltd. in 1957. Each brother brought his unique specialty and strength: Tadao in finance, Toshio in development, Kazuo in sales, and Yukio in production. Taking on a specific role and working closely to complement each other, the brothers grew the new company together.
As the eldest of the four Kashio brothers, Tadao served as the leader from its inception, laying the groundwork for Co., Ltd.
Tadao Kashio was originally employed as a lathe operator at a factory, putting to use the metal processing techniques that he learned at Waseda Koshu Gakko (now Waseda University). The factory owner recognized his skills, and he was given charge over factory operations, later leaving to go into business on his own. In 1946, he formed Kashio Seisakujo, a manufacturer of machinery parts. His brother Toshio joined him first, followed by Kazuo and Yukio, and the four brothers soon began work on developing their calculator.
After establishing Co., Ltd, the brothers’ father, Shigeru, served as the company’s first president, with Tadao later succeeding him to become the company’s second president in 1960. Although originally an engineer, he embraced his role as leader, studying finance, bringing together under solid management, and serving as president for 29 years until 1988.
The innovator whose work with digital technology created “something from nothing” over and over again
Toshio Kashio was an inventor who used digital technology to come up with products that would change the world. He was the developer behind the original calculator, watch, and electronic musical instrument that would form the core businesses of Co., Ltd.
Having read Edison’s biography at the age of six, Toshio always wanted to become an inventor. He studied digital technology by learning about light electrical currents at the electrical engineering school (now Tokyo Denki University)  and working as a communications engineer for the Ministry of Communications. Quitting his job with the Ministry to devote himself to his inventions, he joined Kashio Seisakujo, the business that his brother Tadao had formed. Focusing on the potential of calculators, he invented the 14-A, the world’s first compact all-electric calculator small enough to be used in an office setting. He later employed digital technologies in developing the CASIOTRON, the world’s first digital wristwatch with an automatic calendar, which would introduce as a watch manufacturer. His focus on the question of what sound is led to the development of electronic musical instruments. Toshio utilized digital technology to create information devices that would change people’s lives, and, as head of development, he delivered new products to people the world over.
The market-maker whose innovative ideas and ability to get things done created a digital culture
With an originality unhampered by conventional ideas, a foresight into market trends, a strong will, and the ability to get things done, Kazuo Kashio brought digital information devices designed for anyone to use into the lives of people far and wide.
Initially responsible for production when the company was founded, Kazuo later took charge of sales and marketing. Through his experiences in the market and dealing with competition from rival companies, he gained a clear understanding of the importance of product appeal and put this to work in product planning. He led the development of the Mini, the personal calculator launched in 1972 that brought the calculator to the consumer market. Positioning the G-shock-resistant watch as a mainstay of the market, he helped turn the conventional view of the wristwatch as a “fragile, luxury item” on its head, leading the way for watches to play a role in many more scenarios. In 1995, Kazuo took the lead on the launch of the QV-10 digital camera, laying the groundwork for the image-based communication age. His highly original product planning always sought to create entirely new markets. His passion was creating useful products that improved people’s lives and helped them learn, and this focus informed his 27 years in management as the company’s third president. Kazuo developed the company to the we know today, building on the foundation laid by his brother and previous president Tadao.
The engineer who strengthened the design and production technology at the core of craftsmanship
As an engineer, Yukio Kashio was the one who brought designs for added quality and mass production technologies to the products invented by his brother, Toshio.
Yukio, who studied design at university, joined Kashio Seisakujo to work on the development of calculators. He took charge of drawing up the digital circuitry proposed by Toshio, creating the designs that would be turned into actual products. He also developed technologies to make the product easier to use, including improvements in circuit implementation for the Mini and proposals for simple mechanisms that helped keep the price down to 10,000 yen.
Becoming head of production in 1965, he launched a fully automated production line for calculators, built numerous production plants, and helped achieve mass production. The structure that Yukio Kashio built has become the foundation of the production network today, one which currently produces 100 million products every year and delivers reliable, high-quality products to people around the world.
The company emblem is a design that encompasses and highlights the trademark with a circle of four Ks, the initial letter in Kashio. The emblem symbolizes the strong ties among the four Kashio brothers that founded and developed their calculator business. Toshio Kashio, inventor of the calculator, designed the emblem himself to embody their approach to the business.
Casio's corporate creed is "creativity and contribution." It expresses the company's commitment to contributing to society by offering the kind of original, useful products that only can.
Products with innovative functions assist people in their daily lives and keep society moving forward. They also bring joy to people and help to create new culture. When even a single new product is widely adopted, whole new markets develop, and this in turn fosters growth in related industries. This is the story of Casio's contribution to society-innovative products enhancing people's lives.
The Charter of Creativity for  is a statement of the company's commitment to the world and an internal guideline designed to ensure that every member of the Group practices Casio's corporate creed of "creativity and contribution."
Continuously creating for our customers
would like to convey my sincere appreciation to everyone who is using our products in daily life. is where it is today thanks to the support of its customers over the six decades since its establishment. Our company has grown by developing products with priority on what will be useful to customers. By sticking to this founding spirit while also thinking about how the business needs to respond to the changing times, we will continue to provide customers with value that exceeds their expectations.
As technologies and markets change, we are revising the roles of businesses that we have conducted since our foundation. Currently, scientific calculators make up the majority of our calculator sales. Collaborating with the Ministry of Education and school teachers in each country, these calculators are actively used especially in classrooms, as a tool for studying mathematics. We ship 25 million of them every year. As dedicated devices, they offer ease of use not available in smartphones and tablets, and the product specifications can be tailored to meet the needs of students and educators in each country and region. In the test and textbook markets, which are currently transitioning from paper to electronics, we are developing Internet apps and other tools to meet the needs of the classroom as they change with the times.
Protecting and nurturing the value we have created is our promise to all of you. G-SHOCK, our signature watch brand, is a product that continues to grow with its fan base because of its unique image as well as performance features such as shock resistance. While protecting this value together with you, we will continue to provide new and inspiring products.
In addition, it is our mission to provide society with completely new value. By fully integrating and leveraging our existing technologies and collaborating with outside parties when needed, we will flexibly deliver on individual and corporate customer needs across all categories and business fields. To realize our corporate creed “Creativity and Contribution,” we will continue to develop products that are useful to customers.
Introducing businesses and activities of Casio. (9:22)
