Pioneering Technology Innovation and Incubation
Taking ideas from concept to revenue
Research® is a niche technology invention, innovation, and incubator company that provides a platform to research, develop, protect, and launch challenging technologies that can make an impact. We have a proven track record of developing world-changing innovative solutions to challenging problems across multidisciplinary technology areas. We have extensive experience in basic research, patent portfolio development and management, technology licensing, product launches, and creating startup companies.   We employ a structured innovation and incubation model designed to shorten the R&lifecycle and fast track intellectual property development while mitigating risks and maximizing return on investment.  We use this model as part of the development of our own patent portfolio and to provide exceptional services and value to our customers wanting to take their own ideas from concept to revenue.
We have a diverse intellectual property portfolio that includes exciting new technologies that provide solutions to significant problems and which have substantial revenue generation potential, such as:
Tailorable Truncated Retroreflector Arrays
 that retroreflect energy back to its source and also direct non-retroreflected energy to useful locations
 that can be read from any angle and thrive in high-multipath metal environments
 over a magnetic field without need to remove graphene from a substrate
such as smartphones that store and present data cards of multiple vendors
With expertise in technology, innovation, business, legal processes, and intellectual property management, Mark brings the art of Facilitate, Order, and Succeed to a new level. Not only is he known for his creativity and ability to innovate, but – more importantly – he is known for his strong business acumen and his ability to analyze almost any situation, determine an appropriate path forward, and take the actions necessary to achieve a desirable outcome in an appropriate amount of time. He has the innate ability to “make order out of chaos.” Mark worked for eighteen years as an engineer before he began specializing in intellectual property analysis and management.  
For the last eighteen years Mark has managed and grown patent portfolios involving over 500 pending and issued patents worldwide.  Mark developed the Integral Patent Services ® Intellectual Property (IP) management process, which is designed to minimize the time and expense of patenting inventions while dramatically increasing quality and value.  It is utilized by and on behalf of clients. Mark also has been the recipient of over 165 patents in various technology areas including ultra wideband, magnetics; signal processing and multi-card technology.
Larry was a co-founder, a great friend, colleague and mentor.  Larry was a loving husband, father, and grandfather.  He had an amazing mind and even more amazing spirit that inspired and impacted the lives of numerous people.  He is greatly missed by his family, friends, and colleagues.  
Larry was compared to Thomas Edison by countless national newspapers and magazines, Larry did more than improve every industry he touched- he actually created new ones. He was the recipient of over 265 Patents in various technical areas including ultra wideband, impulse radio, velocity measurement, communications, geophysics, detonation waves, seismic exploration, and magnetism. Among his many achievements, Larry invented the pipe sorter that is currently the industry standard, the free-space video link used by store security systems worldwide, a robotic system that automates crankshaft grinders, a high-speed coin sorter, time coherent ultra wideband technology, correlated magnetics technology, and many other revolutionary technologies.Mark Roberts
With expertise in technology, innovation, business, legal processes, and intellectual property management, Mark brings the art of Facilitate, Order, and Succeed to a new level. Not only is he known for his creativity and ability to innovate, but – more importantly – he is known for his strong business acumen and his ability to analyze almost any situation, determine an appropriate path forward, and take the actions necessary to achieve a desirable outcome in an appropriate amount of time. He has the innate ability to “make order out of chaos.” Mark worked for eighteen years as an engineer before he began specializing in intellectual property analysis and management.  
For the last eighteen years Mark has managed and grown patent portfolios involving over 500 pending and issued patents worldwide.  Mark developed the Integral Patent Services ® Intellectual Property (IP) management process, which is designed to minimize the time and expense of patenting inventions while dramatically increasing quality and value.  It is utilized by and on behalf of clients. Mark also has been the recipient of over 165 patents in various technology areas including ultra wideband, magnetics; signal processing and multi-card technology.
Larry was a co-founder, a great friend, colleague and mentor.  Larry was a loving husband, father, and grandfather.  He had an amazing mind and even more amazing spirit that inspired and impacted the lives of numerous people.  He is greatly missed by his family, friends, and colleagues.  
Larry was compared to Thomas Edison by countless national newspapers and magazines, Larry did more than improve every industry he touched- he actually created new ones. He was the recipient of over 265 Patents in various technical areas including ultra wideband, impulse radio, velocity measurement, communications, geophysics, detonation waves, seismic exploration, and magnetism. Among his many achievements, Larry invented the pipe sorter that is currently the industry standard, the free-space video link used by store security systems worldwide, a robotic system that automates crankshaft grinders, a high-speed coin sorter, time coherent ultra wideband technology, correlated magnetics technology, and many other revolutionary technologies.About
began as a vision of Larry Fullerton, a renowned inventor with over three decades of experience creating and developing new pioneering technologies.  Larry has received hundreds of patents worldwide for inventions in multidisciplinary technology areas, and has formed numerous companies based on those inventions.
With a passion for inventing, Larry developed an extensive personal laboratory and envisioned how it could become the foundation for a technology company that could foster innovation. In early 2003, Larry began discussing his vision with Mark Roberts, a close friend and fellow employee at Time Domain Corporation, which is one of the many companies Larry founded. At the time, Larry was Chief Scientist and Mark was Director of Intellectual Property, and the two worked closely to refine the process of taking inventions and innovation through the entire R&and protection lifecycle.
CRR's first innovation and incubation model
In 2006, Larry and Mark founded CRR, which had its headquarters in New Hope, Alabama. Since then, the inventions and innovation have continued, and has put into practice the years of experience gained in taking technology vision to market reality. 
For nearly a decade since the company was founded, has strategically invested in its facilities and technical resources.  has built a substantial patent portfolio for several pioneering technology innovations and has successfully used its incubation methodology to mature the readiness levels of the technologies to increase their value and marketability.  has assisted numerous clients in patenting their ideas and moving the technology readiness levels of their ideas.   has successfully created companies based on innovations and continues to focus on providing clients with unprecedented technology innovation and incubation services and exceptional value.   
In 2016, Larry passed away after a year long battle with brain cancer.  In 2017, relocated its headquarters to Huntsville, Alabama.
For more information about and its founders, reference the Who We Are page.
