CELANESE?
We’re engineers, scientists, operators and product developers. We’re innovators, advisers, designers and problem solvers. Most importantly, we’re partners – in creating value for our customers with the solutions we offer and in improving the world through the actions of our colleagues.
We produce products that make our lives a little easier, by helping customers to bring their inspired ideas and innovations to life. From the global production network of our Acetyl Chain, we provide materials that are critical to the global chemicals and paints and coatings industries. From our broad portfolio of Materials Solutions, we advance automotive and consumer electronic designs and enable life-improving medical, food and beverage products – we offer solutions to our customers to help them succeed.
CELANESE?
While we call Dallas, Texas home for our headquarters, we have approximately 7,500 employees working to serve our customers around the world. From Dallas to Amsterdam to Shanghai, we manage a global network of commercial offices, technical centers, and twenty-seven production facilities and additional strategic affiliate production facilities.
You can also find and our employees on our corporate blog , our technical blog , on social media like Twitter , LinkedIn , Facebook , and Weibo and at numerous events . Or, you will find us improving the world through the Foundation .
To read more about our financial results, please visit our Investor pages .
About {NYSE: CE} is a global technology and specialty materials company that engineers and manufactures a wide variety of products essential to everyday living.
This website uses 'cookies' to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you are Ok with this. You can change which cookies are set at any time - and find out more about them - by following this link .
OKThe Power of Performance Driven Solutions™
is a leading global supplier of high-performance engineering polymers designed to drive growth and innovation across all industries.  We focus the full power of our development support services, advanced products and deep technical knowledge on the success of our customers, helping redefine the limits of material performance in the most demanding applications.  Free yourself to innovate with the many advantages of thermoplastics:
Experience the Advantages of Performance Driven Solutions™
Reduce system costs
Built-in aesthetics
Our products are industry leaders in acetal polymers, liquid crystal polymers, long fiber reinforced thermoplastics, and ultrahigh molecular weight polyethylene and include: 
Celanex® thermoplastic polyester (PBT) 
Celstran®, Compel® and Factor® long fiber reinforced thermoplastic (LFRT) 
Celstran® continuous fiber reinforced thermoplastic (CFR-TP) 
Impet® thermoplastic polyester (PET) 
About {NYSE: CE} is a global technology and specialty materials company that engineers and manufactures a wide variety of products essential to everyday living.
This website uses 'cookies' to give you the best, most relevant experience. Using this website means you are Ok with this. You can change which cookies are set at any time - and find out more about them - by following this link .
