[Notice to shareholders] receives from the FDA
[Notice to shareholders] Celltrion’s Statement on a recent form 483 from the FDA
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
 for a Comfortable and Happy Life
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
Strategic Partnership: Development of New Biological Product through 
When struggling to bring your lead molecule to the market, is the right partner for you.
YoutubeWe are forming a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
01. regulates the legal compliance and export and import safety management policy regarding the activities relating to export and import performed by this company as follows.  This policy shall be enacted and implemented to maintain and strengthen global competitiveness in addition to enabling the guarantee of the integrity of the export and import supply chain.
02. The legal compliance and export and import safety management goal shall be established by continuously reviewing the current status of law compliance and safety management regarding export and import for systematic implementation of this policy.
03. The management environment shall be continuously observed and internal capacity shall be strengthened to achieve the goal of legal compliance and export and import safety management on a company-wide basis.
04. shall encourage the efficient communication between all officers and employees for the implementation of the export and import safety management policy so that company-wide export and import safety management conditions may be settled.
05. All officers and employees shall actively cooperate in the enhancement of export and import safety management awareness and related work.
06. Best efforts shall be made to procure safety of export and import goods and the assets of through mutual cooperation with the parties in the export and import supply chain.
07. shall make great efforts so that the company may become a world-class export and import company that is trusted by others and is equipped with global competitiveness through the enactment and enforcement of this policy.
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
The symbol mark of is in the form of design that applies the image of cell division, which emphasizes the key characteristic of the business while each circle expresses diversity and dynamicity. The green color symbolizes trust and safety regarding and its products. 
YoutubeWe are forming a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
by helping them achieve healthier lives,
and by doing so, hope to promote the health
Since its foundation in 2002, we have made significant investments in human resources, facilities and technology to become a global biologics company. develops, manufactures, and distributes therapeutics based on Recombinant and molecular biology.
Our corporate slogan embodies the duties and responsibilities of Celltrion.
We strive to create a new paradigm in the global biologics industry by offering alternative solutions for advanced therapeutics.
We are committed to providing affordable drugs to patients who previously had limited access to advanced therapeutics, in particular, those hindered by the high cost and relative shortage of antibody biologics.
During the decade, we were confronted with the daunting task of building the necessary capacity and technologies.      We grappled with the great complexity of developing biosimilar mAbs as well as regulatory hurdles. But with an indomitable spirit, we have taken these challenges head on, relentlessly yet methodically pursuing research and development in promising projects and investing accordingly
Fast forward to 2012, having received marketing approval for RemsimaTM, the world's first biosimilar mAb, we have not only created a new market which credibly challenges the dominance of the world's leading multinational pharmaceutical companies but also secured a favorable position to dominate this market for many years to come.
At Celltrion, we shall continue to spearhead the future of biologics industry. We will continue to perform our roles and responsibilities as a biologics company that serves the needs of patients throughout the world. We are committed to our mission of promoting the health and welfare of the global community by developing biosimilars as well as innovative next-generation drugs.
"for the happiness of humanity"
is a biologics company that created new opportunities for the domestic pharmaceuticals industry, which was small in size, to newly take off by shifting the paradigm of the global biologics market which had been monopolized by a small number of multinational pharmaceutical companies. achieved this goal by attaining success in developing ‘Remsima,’ an antibody biosimilar, for the first time in the world.
Various domestic and international companies have recently been trying to enter the biologics market, however, no company could easily make such attempts at the time and first chose to walk on this path. huge amount of capital and technical power was necessary, and success could not be guaranteed. The path had been more difficult and lonely.
However, the employees of had a dream. They had the dream to benefit more patients by developing biosimilars to replace the expensive biologics, and the dream to develop into a world-class biologics company through the development ofinnovative novel biologics. This dream was able to become a reality based on thorough strategy, deep conviction, and endless pursuit.
constructed the foundation for the biosimilar business through consigned production of biologics, and through this, achieved a creative business model through accumulating know-hows and technologies, and thus finally overcame the limits of market entry.
And just like the past days of achieving the dream by pursuing a path that nobody had gone through, will not stop its footsteps toward the future.
will lead the global biologics market by putting forward the first-mover Biosimilar products, such as Truxima, a therapeutic agent for non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and Herzuma, a therapeutic agent for breast cancer, in addition to Remsima, which already obtained sales licenses in 83 countries over the world, including the United States.
Furthermore, will make best efforts to become a company making contributions to humanity so that we may all live more healthily, by supplying more effective but inexpensive medicine to the patients around the globe, instead of merely becoming a company achieving external growth.
We request for your continuing interest and encouragement to Celltrion, as we will be once again taking a bold leap forward into becoming the world's No.1 biologics company. Thank you.
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
Celltrion, the new pioneer of the global biologics market has been contributing to the history of 
						is a global biologics leading company having its main business as biosimilar, novel biologics, and bravely took the first step forward in developing an antibody biosimilar, when everyone else in the field thought it was impossible during the period when the term biosimilar itself was unfamiliar. succeeded in obtaining a license for the novel biologics in 2012 for the first time in the world.  went on to achieve a remarkable feat of entering into the global market for the first time in the nation with its unquenchable innovative spirit, creativity, and keen insight that is ahead of our time. Naturally, has become the leading biologics company in the Korean biologics industry as the pioneer of the biotechnology industry.
contribute to the enhancement of the quality of life of humanity
 while creating new value in the world’s biologics market. 
						is concentrating its capacities on the development of innovative novel biologics, such as bio-betters, ADC, and therapeutic agents for influenza, based on the technologies and production capacities accumulated through developing the antibody biosimilar.
						Celltrion, which is the new pioneer of the global biologics market, will make efforts for a happier life of humanity by supplying superior quality biologics while remaining inexpensive, in various countries around the world.
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
Development of ‘Remsima,’ the first antibody biosimilar in the world
Possession of major cell lines necessary for developing biosimilars
Possession of various core technologies necessary for developing novel pharmaceuticals
Approval of Remsima by the sales approval institutions of approximately 80 countries around the world
Possession of specialized knowledge and experience in product licensing process and global regulation standards 
Implementation of global clinical tests with the first approval of the clinical tests application in countries
Quality control system and technology for producing biologics at an international level
Verification of production capacity through activities with global pharmaceutical companies for many years
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
 in charge of the 
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
Large scale facility operation approved by FDA
Secure stable revenue for next step
Secure technology for the development of biosimilars
Accumulate technology and know-how in drug development and clinical trials
Development of innovative antibodies and vaccines against various infectious (virus) diseases
Development of innovative novel monoclonal antibody biologics
a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
We will make all efforts to promptly respond to your inquiries
To be the world's leading
Self-esteem and happiness to our employees
Comfort and help to those who are in need
									The business of aims for the global market, instead of only the domestic market, and to achieve success amid the competition with global companies, where all officers and researchers shall aim for the world’s best standards and shall have the abilities corresponding to such aim.
YoutubeWe are forming a healthy and happy tomorrow for humanity
successfully commercialized its second and third biosimilars, and in 2018. TRUXIMA, which was launched in April 2017, is increasing its market share in the European market faster than was also approved by in February 2018 and launched in certain part of European countries.
In addition, is accelerating efforts to secure new driving force for continuous growth, starting with the global clinical trials of biosimilar CT-P16 and CT-P17 being developed.
In 2017, began to make inroads into the global markets with its second and third biosimilars, and The company is now selling the Truxima, first biosimilar mAb in oncology approved by in 2017 in various European countries. In addition, the anticancer drug biosimilar receives positive opinion from EMA's in December 2017. commits to provide more patients greater access to treatment through the ever-growing in global markets and its follow-up products and to promote the human welfare.
2016 Opens a new path as a global leading biologics company
In 2016, received marketing authorization for Remsima in the which occupies half of the antibody biologics market in the world. Remsima, as the first approved biosimilar monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), has become the first mover in the market, and is expected to have a priceless effect for attaining massive market domination. Domestically, Remsima possesses a total sales volume around 1 trillion and it is expected to be the first single pharmaceutical item to reach sales in trillions of with a total turnover of 20 trillion of the 90 publicly traded pharmaceutical companies. Growth potential of is perceived as the birth of new growth engine and an anchor company to lead the future of Korean economy and industry following the manufacturing industries of Korea such as heavy industry, automobile and semiconductor industry.
Truxima is approved by Korea (MFDS)
2015 Unleashes great ambition towards the future
The world’s first biosimilar mAb Remsima of begins sales in Europe. Remsima has topped 60,000 cumulative prescribed patients within 9 months of selling in major European countries and showing rapid growth, engulfing 20% of the original pharmaceutical market.
is expected to give new opportunities to patients around the world, who had difficulty in treating their disease due to financial constraints, by replacing the expensive biologics with biosimilars.
Remsima begins sales in Europe (Total of 12 countries including Germany, France, UK, Italy)
Herzuma, second to be approved in the world by MFDS, holds greater meaning because it targets cancer. Anti-cancer biosimilars are more difficult to develop than biosimilars for other diseases. If succeeds in the development anticancer biosimilars can finally be inexpensively supplied, and opportunities to save numerous lives will be open
The development of Herzuma is evaluated to have established a new milestone in the history of biosimilar development and naminghelped mark-in the history of biosimilar development
Herzuma is approved by Korea (MFDS) and Canada (Health Canada)
2013 Takes a bold leap towards the whole wide world
obtained a product license as the world’s first biosimilar mAb (Remsima) by European Medicines Agency(EMA), that had been longed for for 11 years, and started a year of fulfilling sales through global marketing over the entire world.
came into the national market by obtaining product approval from the of the monoclonal antibody biosimilar Remsima that completed global clinical trials.
The approval of Remsima was the initiation signaling the opening of the monoclonal antibody biosimilar market and a giant step to grow into a leading company in the global biosimilar market.
Remsima and Herzuma have successfully completed global clinical trials. It was a proud achievement that every employee at created in unison through overcoming all challenges imposed by the first ever global clinical trials.
was recognized for the breakthrough in biosimilar development by international investors (Temasek, a Singapore sovereign wealth fund) and attracted an investment of 200 billion for global clinical trials and construction of the second plant at Celltrion.
initiated the first large-scale global clinical trial on Remsima and Herzuma when the domestic pharmaceutical industry had no experience at the time. Through this effort, accumulated know-hows on international clinical trials and approval procedures. In addition, the second manufacturing plant with 90,000-liter scale capacity was completed, establishing the base for mass production of world-class (mAb) bio pharmaceuticals.
established a licensing strategy and began global clinical trials of biosimilar products based on the agreement of the and the licensing regulatory authorities around the world, at a time when international integrated regulations related to biosimilar products did not exist.
Healthcare, a subsidiary of Celltrion, set out to find a global sales market for biosimilar products by taking charge of global marketing. During this period, empathized with the company mission to contribute to mankind with biosimilar products, and was able to grow with the employees who unsparingly worked diligently.
Contract of cooperation development on new drugs for comprehensive influenza treatment antibodies with the Center for Disease Control (CDC)
declared to internationally launch its biosimilar business based on accumulated manufacturing and quality control technology and achievement on biosimilar product development. Also, was listed on through an IPO, but the company went through a difficult time during the global financial crisis triggered by sub-prime mortgages and the financial difficulty drove to adjust the construction timeline of the second plant.
obtained facility approval by the as the first Asian animal cell culture pharmaceutical production facility. Subsequently, successfully entered the global mAb biologics market through world-class facilities and management capabilities, and was able to reinvest in domestic production development with the revenue earned by consigned production.
2005 Strengthens the foundation for growth
In 2005, completed the first production plant equipped with the independently developed technology. went on to complete the global standard of manufacturing and quality control system and signed a Contract Manufacturing Organization (CMO) to produce Orencia (rheumarthritis) from BMS.
On one hand, could accumulate the know-hows and techniques for producing biologics, and on the other, it could begin refining the product development of biosimilar products by summoning the hope to develop products with Celltrion-specific technology.
was founded in 2002 with only 2 passionate researchers. At the time, the mAb biologics market was dominated by foreign multinational companies based on patents. created the world’s first business model based on antibody biosimilars in the pharmaceutical market, and set up an aim to overcome the monopoly by the multinational pharmaceutical companies, and to eventually establish a multinational pharmaceutical company with headquarters based in Korea.
