We strive to drive scientific leadership towards public transparency through: research, study analysis, and review in order to provide accurate information about research, medicine, and the environment for the public.
We offer a wide variety of services geared to Universities, Hospitals, Centres and Labs:
The Scientific community has a responsibility to the public for providing transparent information about the effects of new treatments, drugs, supplements and medications.
Including further transparency of environment-released chemicals such as pesticides, introduced GMO's and other un-natural additions and their relation to over all, long-term human health.
© 2014 InstituteOur mission is to drive scientific leadership towards public transparency through: research, study analysis, and review in order to provide accurate information about research, medicine, and the environment for the public.
Institute or is composed of a collaborator team of researchers from Universities, Labs and Centers within the The and Analysis team is selected each time from a group of our collaborators based on their expertise and relevance for each specific or review topic.
We believe the Scientific community has a responsibility to the public for providing transparent information about the effects of new treatments, drugs, supplements and medications. Including further transparency of environment-released chemicals such as pesticides, introduced GMO's and other un-natural additions and their relation to over all, long-term human health.
was developed specifically for this purpose to research, analyze and review available research, studies and information provided to the public in order to provide a transparent third party analysis and make our findings available for the public.
PubMed is a study organization that contains over 24 million documents, citations and papers for medical, clinical and experimental research.
National Library Of Medicine
The United States National Library of Medicine (NLM), is governed by the Federal Government. It is the world's largest medical library and is par of the division of the National Institutes of Health.
American Public Health Association
is a leader in promoting health for all people and for all communities. They focus on strengthening the public health profession as well as standing up for public health issues and policies utilizing scientific facts.
