More than 40 years of experience in ceramic hip replacement components and more than 15 million components implanted worldwide.
With the acquisition of the Electro-Ceramics Div. from Morgan Technical Ceramics, CeramTec has broadened its range of materials and products.
The ski jump inrun track system with ceramic nubs for ski jumping events all year round, regardless of the weather and snow conditions.
Longer life for parts that are subject to high stress: Enduring wear and corrosion protection solutions for industrial plants with ceramic materials.
triduon® cartridges with a heart of Ceramdisc® ceramic seal discs are Made in Germany and offer an excellent comfort zone.
Dielectric and Capacitors
Our extensive range of Dielectric Ceramic Materials are used in high voltage capacitors and microwave components for industrial and medical markets.
CeramTec developed a silicon nitride material and production method to mass produce ceramic bearing rollers at very affordable costs.
transparent Advanced Ceramic with a number of extra­ordinary mechanical, chemical, thermal and optical properties.
Discover the wide range of solutions – for the vehicle industry, wind power, aerospace, machine, plant engineering and other industries.
On 3 December, the awards for the nation’s best (Chamber of Commerce and Industry) apprentices were presented in Berlin for the 13th time. Among them: Nico Groß, who completed his apprenticeship as an industrial mechanic at CeramTec in Lauf near Nuremberg. He is one of the 213 best in their apprenticeship profession, among approx. 300,000 exam candidates.
Meet the ceramics experts at trade fairs, exhibitions, conferences and events around the world. Explore the world of advanced ceramics and the versatile uses of technical ceramics in automotive engineering, electronics, energy and environment, machine and plant construction, and medical technology. The ceramic experts are happy to welcome you!
Never search for Downloads again. Nearly all pages offer recommended downloads, like brochures, information and material data based on the content of the actual page.
The chapters of this manual include an overview of materials, manufacturing processes, ceramic-oriented component design and helpful examples for applications.
…Advanced Ceramics Be Found? Our new brochure about ceramics in our world answers the question where technical ceramics deliver peak performance every day.
The CeramTec Group is represented worldwide by its many sites, subsidiaries and representative offices, where we speak your language and understand the local market.
Titled “Who we are and what we do” the new corporate video features who and what makes CeramTec a leading supplier of advanced ceramics for over a century now.
Advanced Ceramics require advanced quality standards – CeramTec’s commitment to quality is an integral part of the company’s management policy and is documented in numerous certificates.
Theme PortalsWe use cookies and other technologies on our website to offer you the full functionality of our website. By the use of our website you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, please see our privacy policy .
With over a century of development experience and production expertise, CeramTec is a leading supplier of advanced ceramics and engineers these materials for use in a wide area of applications. The current portfolio covers well over 10,000 different products and a wide variety of ceramic materials. Worldwide, more than 3,500 employees are active at The Ceramic Experts.
Who we are and what we do – Corporate video on CeramTec
This great application diversity is possible thanks to advanced ceramics, also referred to as technical ceramics, engineering ceramics or industrial ceramics. These terms cover a variety of different and in part highly specialized ceramic materials with unique mechanical, electrical, thermal and biochemical properties and property combinations.
“CeramTec is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of technical ceramics and is specialized in the development, manufacturing and sales of parts, components and products made from ceramic materials.”
Advanced ceramics from CeramTec, as an international manufacturer and supplier, are used in the Automotive Industry , in Electronics , Energy and Environmental Technology , Equipment, Mechanical , and Medical Engineering and in many other applications. Correctly selecting the required ceramic materials, adjusting and adapting Advanced Ceramics to meet the respective requirements in the field of application, and optimally designing and manufacturing parts and components to take advantage of the special material properties of ceramics are core competencies of the ceramics experts and specialists at CeramTec.
With more than 3,500 employees and production sites and subsidiaries in Europe, America and Asia, CeramTec as manufacturer and supplier has a worldwide presence.
On March 8th, 2018 CeramTec was acquired by a Consortium of funds led by Partners, in which Investments and the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan also hold a stake.
Partners is a leading international private equity firm with over €17 billion of assets under management. Established in 1986, Partners has played an active role in developing the European buy-out market for three decades. Partners executives operate as an integrated team through the firm’s offices in Europe and North America, acquiring and developing businesses to create value in partnership with management. Since inception, Partners has completed 99 investments in companies with a total enterprise value of €121 billion and is currently investing its tenth private equity fund.
The Public Sector Pension Investment Board is one of Canada’s largest pension investment managers with C$135.6 billion of net assets under management as at March 31, 2017. It manages a diversified global portfolio composed of investments in public financial markets, private equity, real estate, infrastructure, natural resources and private debt. Established in 1999, Investments manages net contributions to the pension funds of Canada’s federal Public Service, the Canadian Armed Forces, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and the Reserve Force. As at March 31, 2017, Investments held private equity investments of C$15.9 billion (12% of its net assets). Since its inception, the private equity asset class has invested in more than 20 companies and 50 funds, deploying over C$10 billion in capital on a global scale. Since Headquartered in Ottawa, Canada, Investments has its principal business office in Montréal and offices in New York and London, its European hub.
The Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan is Canada’s largest single-profession pension plan, with C$180.5 billion in net assets as at June 30, 2017. It holds a diverse global portfolio of assets, approximately 80% of which is managed in-house, and has earned an annualized gross rate of return of 10.1% since the Plan’s founding in 1990. As at June 30, 2017, held private equity investments of C$28.8 billion (16% of its net assets). Since inception, it has invested in more than 500 companies and funds, deploying approximately C$40 billion in capital on a global scale. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan is an independent organization headquartered in Toronto. Its Asia-Pacific region office is located in Hong Kong and its Europe, Middle East & Africa region office is in London. The defined-benefit plan, which is fully funded, invests and administers the pensions of the province of Ontario’s 318,000 active and retired teachers.
The CeramTec Group aims to achieve profitable growth and become the global market leader. We view management policy as the cornerstone of our business activities. Our goal is to be profitable while conserving energy and protecting natural resources.
CeramTec’s commitment to quality is an integral part of the company’s management
policy – developing, manufacturing and selling products made of advanced ceramics
in a manner that is cost-effective, ensures high quality and safety and is environmentally friendly.
Disclosed information on the performance of the CeramTec Group is available in the CeramTec Investor Relations Portal. This portal is a restricted access area, the data is accessible with a verified account only.
The CeramTec Group is represented worldwide by its many subsidiaries. With over 3,500 employees worldwide and production sites and subsidiaries in Europe, America and Asia, CeramTec has an international presence.
From its beginnings to today’s CeramTec: The CeramTec company resulted from the acquisition of Hoechst CeramTec by Cerasiv Gmbin 1996 and today it proudly reflects on over a century of company history.
The World of Advanced Ceramics in Social Media
Discover the exciting world of Advanced Ceramics from CeramTec in Social Media or subscribe to our feed to stay up-to-date with news, fairs, events and updates about our website.
Please click on the button “Contacts” to the right, to get a list with the personal and direct responsible contacts within the CeramTec Group.
Theme PortalsWe've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter?
Català
Slovenčina
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
বাংলা
한국어
New to Twitter?
Pending follow request from 
Cancel your follow request to 
The CeramTec group with news from the world of advanced technical ceramics. 
Joined August 2009
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock 
CeramTec Auszubildender Nico Groß ist bundesbester im Fach Industriemechaniker! 
ausbildung
industriemechaniker
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
We wish all customers, employees, partners, and friends of the CeramTec Group a pleasant end to the year, a joyous and restful Christmas time, and a good start to the New Year 2019! 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Ceramics is well underway with over 60 Exhibitors confirmed! 
NutecBickley
UoMGraphene
 Have you booked your booth yet? 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
First conference speakers announced for 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Positive Geometrie reduziert Schnittkräfte - das Frässystem für 90°-Schultern: 
tangentialfräser
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Mund auf – Stäbchen rein – Spender sein! Sechs CeramTec Mitarbeiter vom Standort Marktredwitz ließen sich zur Typisierungsaktion „Schenke eine zweite Chance“ bei der 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
 in Düsseldorf, Germany. Stop by hall 8b / G25 to get in-depth information on the properties of technical ceramics in the field of medical technology: 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Mit Wirkung zum 5. November 2018 wurde Richard Boulter in die Geschäftsführung von 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
CeramTec Executive Board completed: Richard Boulter is the new President Industrial. Boulter was appointed to the Executive Board as of 5th November 2018. In his role he is responsible for the Industrial Segment Business. Read more: 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
The exhibition program of 2018 was very impressive. Clearly, the heart of metal working beats in Stuttgart! 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
ElectronicCeramicsMarket
 size was estimated over 10 billion in 2017 and the industry will grow by a of more than 4.3% up to 2025. Key Players are 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Die Techniktage im Porzellanikon in Selb präsentieren kommendes Wochenende, am 27. und 28.10., das Spektrum der Hightech-Keramik. Einfach vorbeischauen, wir freuen uns! Mehr Infos: 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Can even withstand shock: Discover our silicon nitride ceramic for welding and metal forming applications 
 2018, Hanover. We are looking forward to meeting you in hall 13 at booth C158: 
euroblech2018
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Breast Cancer Now
breastcancernow
It's a veritable sea of pinkness! 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
CeramTec goes pink - With a donation of 2,000 euros CeramTec is supporting the German Cancer Research Center in Heidelberg. Today, the donation was handed over at the 
BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Pretty in pink! We are distributing pink ribbons and info material to our staff today. They also receive an artificial pink gerbera, to permanently help raise awareness about 
BreastCancer
breastcancernow
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Auch unsere Kantine am Standort Plochingen macht mit bei "CeramTec goes Pink". Bon appétit! 
BreastCancerAwarenessMonth
breastcancer
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
CeramTec goes pink! October is the month for the prevention and awareness of 
breastcancer
BreastCancerAwareness
 campaign with our “CeramTec goes pink” day: 
breastcancermonth
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
19 Oct 2018
We are prepared and pretty excited! Our "CeramTec goes pink" campaign starts next week. More to come soon... 
Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better.
Loading seems to be taking a while.
      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. 
You may also like
Refresh
        You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history.
Here's the for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.
Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. 
By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter 
Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.
Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:
For customers of
United States
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, Axiata
See short codes for other countries
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.
    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
The award-winner of the 2016 BIOLOX® Award at the Käthe-Kollwitz School in Esslingen, Germany is Tabea Gutöhrlein.
The incumbent Bavarian Minister of Economic Affairs, Ilse Aigner (CSU), visited the site of the CeramTec Group in Marktredwitz. Her visit focused on a tour of the Medical Products division production facility.
CeramTec donates to "Sterntaler" childrens Hospice
Instead of giving customers gifts at Christmas, the experts for advanced ceramics decided to do something for a good cause. Nearly €17,000 were donated to the “Sterntaler” children’s Hospice in Dudenhofen on March 14th: http://crm.tc/y
Come to CeramTec stand No. 1581 at Annual Meeting 2016 in Orlando, Florida and find out more on ceramics in arthroplasty: www.ceramtec.com/aaos
CeramTec increases production capacity in Marktredwitz
The opening of the new kiln hall in Marktredwitz makes a clear statement about the future of the Chemical Applications Division at the site. http://crm.tc/q
CeramTec in Lauf supports Eckental secondary school with donation in kind. The school was officially presented with an electron microscope (EM), previously used by the company itself.
Pioneers for Ceramics in Wire Drawing
For almost six decades CeramTec has been a pioneer for ceramics in wire processing. Discover wear-optimized solutions and tools for wire  drawing, tube machining and forming machines!  We look forward to discuss your requirements from April 4-8, 2016 at wire in Düsseldorf, hall 10 at booth F21: www.ceramtec.com/wire
Advanced ceramics used in electronics
Take the opportunity to visit us at electronica China 2016 in Shanghai - hall E3.3827 within the German Pavillon: crm.tc/w
Dr Ulf-Zimmermann joins Supervisory Board and becomes Senior Advisor
CeramTec has appointed Henri Steinmetz (58) as Group with effect from March 14, 2016. Mr. Steinmetz joins from Belgium-based Ruetgers NV, a leading European manufacturer of chemical raw materials, where he was President and since 2009.
The current CeramTec Dr Ulf-Zimmermann (66) is retiring from his executive role and will step down from the CeramTec Board with effect from March 14, 2016. He will join the Supervisory Board of CeramTec Gmb(Germany) and will also be appointed Senior Advisor to CeramTec and Cinven.
New CeramTec Standard Friction Disc with Super Surface for higher quality of textured polyamide filament yarns. http://crm.tc/o
Unable to load more. Retry
Wait while more posts are being loaded