is focused on the development, customization
Our team's expertise in creating and manufacturing specialty
Every material we develop for our customers is designed
Cerion's unmatched ability to control a wide range of material attributes allows us to develop specialty nanoparticles that enable our customers to introduce better-performing, higher-margin solutions to the market across a range of products including functional coatings, catalysts, additives, conductive inks, therapeutics and antimicrobials.
In addition to custom R&D, regularly scales and manufactures performance inorganic nanoparticles and other complex materials for several of the largest specialty chemical, electronics and pharmaceutical companies in the world along with the Department of Defense.
has been hired by many of the leading catalyst, energy and specialty chemical companies in the world to design and develop novel nanocatalysts that, through controlled precipitation-based synthetic processes, are both cost-effective and scalable.
To inquire about custom material R&or contract scale-up & manufacturing:
                        Contact Chris Skipper, Director of Business Development, at 
Advanced Materials to Exhibit its Capabilities in Specialty Inorganic Nano & Near-Nano Materials at Nano Tech 2019
Advanced Materials Landon Mertz to Discuss  Commercialization of Nanomaterials During  Nanotechnology Industries Association Webinar
Trends in Air Purification & Sensing using Advanced & Nano-sized Materials
Exhibiting at the Defense Manufacturing Conference in Nashville, TN
5 Powerful Trends in High Performance Optical Coatings with Advanced Materials
Custom Material R&and Contract Manufacturing
 Cerion’s core expertise is the custom design, scale-up and manufacture of specialty inorganic advanced and nano-sized materials for a wide range of industrial products including functional coatings, catalysts, additives, printed electronics, nanomedicine applications and antimicrobials.
Our team's proficiency was established during their tenure at Kodak, where they were global leaders in the stable dispersion of nanoparticle colloids for photographic film emulsions.
Since our inception, we have expanded our technology expertise and grown our portfolio of materials that we can customize and manufacture for industry to include titanium dioxide, gold, silver, nickel, zirconia, zinc oxide, iron oxide, cobalt oxide and ceria in addition to several custom doped and alloyed nanoparticles. We are routinely hired by multi-national chemical, energy, electronics and pharmaceutical companies to custom design nanoparticles for their performance products and are often contracted to manufacture these materials at commercial scale.  
Advanced Materials to Exhibit its Capabilities in Specialty Inorganic Nano & Near-Nano Materials at Nano Tech 2019
Advanced Materials Landon Mertz to Discuss  Commercialization of Nanomaterials During  Nanotechnology Industries Association Webinar
Trends in Air Purification & Sensing using Advanced & Nano-sized Materials
Exhibiting at the Defense Manufacturing Conference in Nashville, TN
5 Powerful Trends in High Performance Optical Coatings with Advanced Materials
Advanced Materials is pleased and honored to be a member participant in Nanotechnology Industries Association’s (NIA) Nanopavilion, the focal point for nanotechnology activities at Chemspec Europe being held 
Advanced Materials to Exhibit its Capabilities in Specialty Inorganic Nano & Near-Nano Materials at Nano Tech 2019
Advanced Materials Landon Mertz to Discuss  Commercialization of Nanomaterials During  Nanotechnology Industries Association Webinar
Rochester, (January 11, 2019) Advanced Materials today announced that Landon Mertz will present at the Nanotechnology Industries Association’s (NIA) first in business webinar titled, “Nano in 
Exhibiting at the Defense Manufacturing Conference in Nashville, TN
Exhibiting at the Defense Manufacturing Conference in Nashville, As a leader in the design and manufacture of nanomaterials for the defense market, will be attending 
National Nanotechnology Initiative Webinar:  Technology Pathways Toward Commercializing Nanotechnology
Commercializing nanomaterials remain a significant challenge for most of our industry. Hosted by the National Nanotechnology Initiative, listen as Doug Singer, Cerion’s of Manufacturing, discusses important considerations in 
Advances in Nanotherapeutics: Spotlight on Cerium Dioxide
  Point of View: August 02, 2018 Recent Advances Using Inorganic Nanomaterials Are Opening New and Exciting Avenues for Therapeutic Intervention Brad Stadler, Ph.For decades, the pharmaceutical industry 
The Chemical Engineer Magazine: Creating Scalable Nanomaterials for Industry
Cerion’s Chief Operating Officer, Matt Winslow, discusses how nanomaterials will help companies in the specialty chemical industry create new value and differentiate themselves from their competition, while also highlighting 
Launches Portfolio of Nanoparticle Cerium Oxide Dispersions for the Polishing Slurry Market
Advanced Materials today announced a flexible, cost-effective synthesis process that yields uniform, high-purity ceria nanoparticle dispersions ideally suited for chemical mechanical planarization (CMP) slurries and other precision polishing 
Specialty Chemicals World Magazine:  Nanomaterial Manufacturing Consistency Starts in Research
Manufacturing nanomaterials at scale remains a challenge for most companies. Cerion’s Executive Vice President of Manufacturing, Doug Singer, discusses Cerion’s approach to ensure that the proprietary nanoparticles we create 
Continues to Expand Staff to Service Growing List of Customers
The increasing number of multi-national companies who are leveraging nanomaterials in their products and the expansion of Cerion’s internal capabilities are key drivers for the new additions. Rochester, 
High-Performance, Tunable Zinc Oxide, TiO2 and Zirconium Oxide Available for Evaluation & Optimization
Cerion, the leading developer and manufacturer of high-performance metal, oxide and mixed-metal nanoparticles for industry is developing a suite of new materials in response to strong industry demand for 
Adds to Research Staff to Support Rapid Growth
Expanding work for the Department of Defense and several of the top multinational chemical companies requires additions to Cerion’s Research & Development team. Rochester, – announced 
Nanoparticle Design Services:  Nanoparticles, Custom Designed, to Fit Your Technologies
Watch as Matt Winslow and Craig Sergeant discuss the benefits of Nanoparticle Design Services, a service brought to you by and Alfa Aesar.  For more information about Nanoparticle 
Rochester Business Journal:  to Make Better Bullet
Check out this article, written by Kerry Feltner at the Rochester Business Journal, highlighting our upcoming work with the Army to develop a better bullet using Cerion’s nanotechnology.  For 
to Partner with Army to Develop New Cutting Edge Nanotechnology
Senator Schumer Pushed To Increase Funding In FY16 Omnibus Bill For Army Manufacturing Technology Program To Create Nanomaterial For Next-Generation Army Ammunition.  Program Will Enable to Create 
In response to industry demand for a consistent North American supplier of ultra-fine TiO2 for a variety of applications such as photo-catalytic coatings, absorbers and catalyst supports, 
and Alfa Aesar Launch Exclusive Nanoparticle Design Service
Cerion, in collaboration with Alfa Aesar, a leading international supplier of research chemicals, metals and materials have launched Nanoparticle Design Services. Nanoparticle Design Services is a ground-breaking program that 
Technology Metals Go Nanotech With By Kitco News Thursday July 30, 2015 Although nanotechnology is still in its infancy, according to on one technology research and development company, the trend towards smaller devices like 
Cerion, a leading developer and manufacturer of transformational high-performance nanomaterials, announced today that Matt Winslow has been appointed Chief Operating Officer.  Winslow has served as the Company’s Executive Vice-president, Business 
Rochester Business Journal:  Targeting Big Things from Tiny Products
Check out this profile, written by Kerry Feltner at the Rochester Business Journal, highlighting the work of and its CEO, Landon Mertz.  For the full article, click here. 
and Alfa Aesar to Announce Groundbreaking Collaboration to Support Global Nanotech R&D
Cerion, the leading global developer and manufacturer of high performance metal, metal oxide and mixed-metal nanoparticles, and Alfa Aesar, one of the world’s leading manufacturers and suppliers of chemicals, 
Cerion, a leading developer and manufacturer of transformational high-performance nanomaterials, announced today that Bill Stewart and Chris Skipper have joined the company to expand upon the growing number of 
Attends Office of Science and Technology Policy Forum at the White House
On May 20th, participated in a White House forum hosted by the Office of Science and Technology Policy. Representatives from over forty (40) organizations were in attendance, including 
Major Breakthrough in Developing High Concentration Silver Nanoparticle Dispersions
is pleased to announce a major breakthrough in the development of novel, high concentration silver dispersions. Our R&team has recently developed <10nm uniform silver metal dispersions in 
to Participate in White House Roundtable on the State of the Nanotechnology Industry
On February 2nd, representatives from will be participating in an industry roundtable at the White House to discuss barriers and solutions to manufacturing nanomaterial enabled products. The meeting 
Featured in the Rochester Business Journal
Check out this front cover story on published in the Rochester Business Journal.  The article covers the evolution of since its inception in 2007, the disruptive nature 
Cerion’s Breakthrough Experimental Drug Compound for Treatment of Neurodegenerative Diseases Published in American Chemical Society Nano Journal
Cerion’s subsidiary published a research study in the American Chemical Society’s Nano journal for its new breakthrough experimental therapy to treat neurodegenerative diseases such as Multiple 
Cerion’s Subsidiary GO2 Global Yachting Signs Deal with Pinmar to Supply GO2 in Palma and Barcelona
Pinmar Supply will be making GO2, the Superyacht industry’s only type approved performance fuel additive, available to their customers through their extensive supply network and from two key 
Strem Chemicals to Distribute Nanoparticle Dispersions to Researchers
is pleased to announce that is has partnered with Strem Chemicals to distribute a portion of its nanoparticle suspensions to lab scale researchers worldwide. These materials are representative 
Cerion’s First Generation Silver Nanoparticle Aqueous Dispersion Available for Evaluation
Now available for evaluation and optimization in industry applications, Cerion’s novel < 10nm stable, uniform silver metal nanoparticle aqueous dispersion. Number weighted size = 9.5 nm Approximately 5% silver by weight 
Now available for evaluation and optimization in industry applications, Cerion’s 10-20nm stable, uniform cobalt oxide nanoparticle aqueous dispersion as the base material for next-generation catalysts. Number weighted size = 
GO2 Fuel Additive Awarded Type Approval By Don Hoyt Gorman  |  SuperyachtNews.com GO2, the nanoparticle-based fuel additive for superyachts, has been granted type approval from Services, one 
Posted on June 10, 2014
How a pioneering nanotechnology company formed from the remains of Kodak developed one of the most innovative superyacht products. Read the full article at: https://yachting.cerionenergy.com/images/uploads/docs/TSR-152_Cerion_Energy.pdf 
National Marine to make GO2 available to its customers
Announces Addition of Freddy Robinson to the Company’s Board of Directors
Today, announced that Mr. Freddy Robinson has joined the company’s board of directors. Richard Sands, Chairman of Cerion’s board said, “We are pleased that Freddy has agreed to 
Rochester based Enterprises held a ribbon cutting Thursday to celebrate moving into a new space at the Eastman Business Park. The ribbon cutting comes amid a report from 
Appoints Landon Mertz as Chief Executive Officer and Announces Expansion of Business
Nanotech firm hands the reigns to out-of-town executives to elevate business onto the global stage. Cerion, one of the global leaders in the nanotechnology industry, announced that effective immediately the 
Adds Alex Wasilov as New Board Member
announced today the appointment of Mr. Alex Wasilov to the company’s board of directors. “Alex has extraordinary technology and business expertise, and we are delighted that he is 
GO2 fuel additive wins Award for most eco-friendly product
Advanced Materials to Exhibit its Capabilities in Specialty Inorganic Nano & Near-Nano Materials at Nano Tech 2019
Advanced Materials Landon Mertz to Discuss  Commercialization of Nanomaterials During  Nanotechnology Industries Association Webinar
Trends in Air Purification & Sensing using Advanced & Nano-sized Materials
Exhibiting at the Defense Manufacturing Conference in Nashville, TN
5 Powerful Trends in High Performance Optical Coatings with Advanced Materials
Our Board of Directors is led by Richards Sands, Chairman of Constellation Brands (NYSE: STZ). Constellation Brands is the leading premium wine company in the world and the number one North American importer of beer, and the third largest beer company in the All of our board members are leaders in their respective industries and possess one common trait: a visionary understanding of the immediate and far-reaching impact that advanced materials will have in the global marketplace.
Richard Sands is the Chairman of Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE: and STZ.B), the leading premium wine company in the world, and the#1 beer importer and the #3 beer company in the U.S.
During the 1990s and 2000s, under his direction, Constellation acquired numerous wine companies that included such legendary brands as Robert Mondavi, Simi, Clos du Bois and Franciscan Estates. Over the course of this expansion, the company purchased wineries in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the United Kingdom. Today, it retains its Canadian and New Zealand operations.  In addition to growing its wine portfolio, Constellation expanded through acquisition to become the importer of the Modelo family of brands, which includes Corona Extra, the number one imported beer in the Additionally Richard led the acquisitions of key spirits brands including Vodka, Paul Masson Grande Amber Brandy and Black Velvet Canadian Whisky.
In 2007 under Richard’s leadership, Constellation Brands entered into a joint venture with Grupo Modelo for the distribution of a number of imported beer brands including Corona Extra, Corona Light, Modelo Especial, Negra Modelo, Pacifico and Victoria. In June, 2013, Constellation acquired the remaining portion of the beer joint venture along with a state-of-the-art brewery in Mexico and perpetual rights to produce the Grupo Modelo brands in the  With the completion of this acquisition the company’s gross sales reach close to $6 billion, further cementing Constellation Brands as the largest multi-category supplier of beverage alcohol to distributors and retailers in the U.S.
Constellation is headquartered in Rochester, New York where Richard resides with his wife and 6 children.  He is actively involved in education and early childhood development organizations and serves as Chairman of Education Enterprises of New York. Richard serves on the board of trustees for the University of Rochester and Rochester Institute of Technology. He is also Chairman of the Friends of the Constellation Brands-Marvin Sands Performing Arts Center and Chairman of Cerion.
Theresa Mazzullo is the Chief Executive Officer at Excell Partners. Prior to joining Excell, Theresa spent six years as President & Principal of Advisors, Inc a 401(k) retirement plan company with $1.5 billion in retirement plan assets. In her capacity as President, she built an infrastructure that supported annual revenue growth of 20%; increased flat margins to 14.7% profit margin and increased employee growth by 56%. She also directed business planning process regarding business strategy and tactics in the areas of finance, sales, marketing, administration, operations and information technology to ensure increased profitability and the achievement of the company vision. As a former banker, Theresa held various positions within financial institutions, including a Senior Vice President of First National Bank, where she established and built a Trust and Investment Division while the bank was under a Consent Order by the office of the Comptroller of the Currency. She managed to grow the Trust & Investment Division to $125 million in five years and at the same time built and managed the infrastructure to support the broker-dealer business unit for the bank. Theresa received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Spring Hill College, Mobile, Alabama and a Graduate Degree in Banking from Stonier. Her community activity includes: Chair, Monroe County Industrial Development Authority (COMIDA); Vice-Chair, Empire State Zone Authority; Board Member-Executive Committee, Greater Rochester Enterprise Board; Board Member, High Technology Rochester;Trustee, Center for Governmental Research; Chair of Memorial Art Gallery; Trustee, New York State Lawyers Fund; Trustee, Farash Foundation; Board Member, University of Rochester Eye Institute.
Mr. Mertz is the Chief Executive Officer of Cerion, and a member of the company’s board of directors.
Mertz joined as its Chief Financial Officer in January of 2009, taking on responsibility for the company’s overall financial management.  In June of 2012, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer.
Prior to joining Cerion, Mr. Mertz was the Chief Operating Officer of the Festival Network, a company who develops and acquires multi-day music festivals in geographically unique destinations around the globe.  During his tenure, he was responsible for the strategic direction and growth of operations in nineteen (19) distinct markets across three (3) continents.
Freddy Robinson is a partner with Bernard Robinson & Company, a firm founded by his father in 1947. Although the firm’s focus has always been on quality as opposed to size, the firm has now grown to become the largest Triad-based accounting firm, with offices in Greensboro, Winston-Salem and now Raleigh with over 100 people/60 CPAs. Freddy has been an integral part of the growth for more than 30 years.  He is responsible for tax-related services to individuals and closely held businesses. Freddy’s areas of specialty include complex income tax issues, Internal Revenue Service examinations, mergers and acquisitions, business valuations, succession planning, estates and trusts, corporations, partnerships, limited liability companies and investment planning. With great focus on creating tax strategies for high wealth individuals, their families and their entrepreneurial enterprises, he is able to identify opportunities and creative solutions that help clients realize the greatest return on their investments, while minimizing taxes. Outside of the office, Freddy is active in many professional and civic organizations. Freddy received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Alex is currently an investor, strategic advisor and member of Cerion’s  Board of Directors.   He is also an investor, strategic advisor and a Director of Smarter Agent, a mobile software as a service (SaaS) company that enables widespread content distribution through native apps as well as the managing partner of Volis a real estate investment fund focused on commercial as well as residential developments. Alex is a Trustee of Thomas Jefferson University Hospital where he chairs the strategy committee and is a member of the finance committee
Alex Wasilov is formerly President and of Intrawest, a Vancouver, Canada based global leader in the development and management of experiential destination resorts.   Intrawest was a public company that was sold to Fortress Investments in 1998.
Prior to Intrawest Alex was President and of Hirtle Callaghan, an asset management firm providing outsourced Chief Investment Officer services and alternative investment opportunities for institutions and high net worth individuals.
Alex was also President and of Rosenbluth International, a privately held global travel company providing comprehensive corporate travel management, meeting, event, incentive travel technology and procurement solutions to over 50% of Fortune’s top 100 companies. Rosenbluth was sold to American Express in 2003.  Prior to being a leader in the travel industry Alex was President Emerging Markets for Xerox and EVP/Consumer Imaging at Eastman Kodak.
The following papers, authored by members of Cerion’s R&team, have been published in widely respected journals and shed light on the technology expertise that allows to develop and manufacture the most powerful advanced and nano-sized materials in the industry.
One-Vessel Synthesis of Iron Oxide Nanoparticles Prepared in Non-Polar Solvent
This paper presents a simple, reliable, and efficient method to produce a stable suspension of monodisperse maghemite (g-Fe2O3) nanoparticles that are highly crystalline and 3 nmto 3.5 nm in 
Study of Lattice Expansion in CeO2 Nanoparticles by Transmission Electron Microscopy
Nanoceria was produced by an aqueous precipitation technique in the presence of an organic stabilizer. The stable suspensions were diafiltered to remove reaction byproducts. Particles were characterized by transmission 
Custom Cerium Oxide Nanoparticles Protect against a Free Radical Mediated Autoimmune Degenerative Disease in the Brain
Cerium oxide nanoparticles are potent antioxidants, based on their ability to either donate or receive electrons as they alternate between the þ3 and þ4 valence states. The dual oxidation 
Advanced Materials to Exhibit its Capabilities in Specialty Inorganic Nano & Near-Nano Materials at Nano Tech 2019
Advanced Materials Landon Mertz to Discuss  Commercialization of Nanomaterials During  Nanotechnology Industries Association Webinar
Trends in Air Purification & Sensing using Advanced & Nano-sized Materials
Exhibiting at the Defense Manufacturing Conference in Nashville, TN
5 Powerful Trends in High Performance Optical Coatings with Advanced Materials
Cerion’s executive management team has a proven history of building successful companies from the ground up with a focus on the introduction of groundbreaking products and services to the global marketplace. Our team has the optimal mix of deep-science experience and proven business acumen, which sets us apart from other companies in the advanced materials industry.
Mr. Mertz is the Chief Executive Officer of Cerion, and a member of the company’s board of directors.
Mertz joined as its Chief Financial Officer in January of 2009, taking on responsibility for the company’s overall financial management.  In June of 2012, he was appointed Chief Executive Officer.
Prior to joining Cerion, Mr. Mertz was the Chief Operating Officer of the Festival Network, a company who develops and acquires multi-day music festivals in geographically unique destinations around the globe.  During his tenure, he was responsible for the strategic direction and growth of operations in nineteen (19) distinct markets across three (3) continents.
Mr. Winslow oversees all strategic partnerships with industry and government in addition to working closely with R&on the identification of new product applications.
seasoned business development executive, previous to joining Mr. Winslow led the creation and development of The Dreaming Tree Wine brand for Constellation Brands, the world’s leading premium wine company. collaboration with renowned musician Dave Matthews, The Dreaming Tree became the most successful celebrity-associated wine brand launch in history, doubling estimates while surpassing 200,000 cases sold in its first year alone.  The Dreaming Tree has received numerous industry awards including being named 2012’s Best New Wine Product by Market Watch along with a Top 30 Momentum Wine Brand by Symphony IRI.
Before his time with Constellation Brands, Mr. Winslow was the Senior Vice President, Brand Partnerships for Generate, a production company in Los Angeles founded by Jordan Levin, the former of The Network and funded by Fuse Capital, an investment group led by former Chairman Jonathan Miller and former Yahoo! CEO, Ross Levinsohn.  While at Generate, Mr. Winslow was responsible for developing strategic partnerships with companies such as Taco Bell, Absolut Vodka, and Unilever along with digital distributors such as YouTube and MSN.
Previously Winslow was one of the earliest employees of Los Angeles- based ad agency Ignited Minds where he served as Vice President of Business Development, leading the growth of the agency from 15 people and $17 million in billings to 125 people and over $100 million in billings in only four years. While at Ignited Minds, he initiated and developed relationships with brands such as Nike, Jose Cuervo, Cadbury Schweppes, Motorola, Universal, 20th Century Fox, THQ, Levi Strauss, Sony Electronics, and Turner Broadcast Station (TBS) among numerous other nationally and internationally respected companies.
He began his career as a Senior Account Executive at Eric Mower & Associates in Rochester,  Winslow received his in Advertising and Communications from the Roy Park School of Communications at Ithaca College.
Executive Vice President - Manufacturing, Development, and Commercialization
Mr. Singer is part of the original group that founded in 2007 and is currently Executive Vice President in charge of Manufacturing with responsibility for chemical plant operations, new product scale-up, and capital programs.  Prior to Cerion, Mr. Singer spent 16 years at Eastman Kodak as an R&D/Manufacturing project manager in imaging nanoparticle production, attaining certification as a Lean Manufacturing Six Sigma Black Belt Practitioner.  He has managed startups and accreditation of chemical manufacturing operations on-site at Kodak plants in the USA, Canada, England, and China. In addition, he has led million-dollar cost reduction programs, new equipment design projects across eight countries, and new product commercialization efforts. As part of his product-process research, Mr. Singer has received three Patents in chemical process technology. Mr. Singer is a graduate of Lehigh University (highest honors, Phi Beta Kappa) with a in Mechanical Engineering.
Brad Stadler earned a in Molecular Biology and a Concentration in Chemical Engineering from Lehigh University in 1997. Following several years as a research assistant at Harvard Medical School/Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital in Boston, MA, he entered graduate school and received his Ph.in Biomedical Sciences at the University of Massachusetts Medical School in 2007, while studying the role of regulatory RNAs produced during Adenovirus infection. Following graduate school, Dr. Stadler performed four years of postdoctoral training at the Institute for Stem Cell and Regenerative Medicine at the University of Washington, examining the contribution of microRNAs to stem cell maintenance and development. Joining Enterprises in 2011, Dr. Stadler now works in research and development for biologic and therapeutic applications of the company's nanoparticle technologies, including neurodegenerative disease therapeutics (NRx), nucleic acid transfection, antimicrobials and drug delivery.
Dr. Sandford received a in Chemistry (summa cum laude, Phi Beta Kappa) from Hope College in 1990 and a Ph.in Inorganic Chemistry from the University of California at Berkeley. After graduation, he joined Eastman Kodak Co. as a research scientist precipitating and sensitizing photographic emulsions with controlled particle sizes and morphologies resulting in improved film performance. Subsequent projects included synthesis, characterization and commercialization of novel antimicrobial actives, nano particulate metal oxide catalysts and silver-based battery materials resulting in new business, spin-off and licensing opportunities in addition to 4 Patents and 9 recently filed patent applications. Dr. Sandford provided technical support and guidance to new business ventures within Eastman Kodak including use of nanoparticles for medical imaging, high refractive index plastics for lenses and improved materials for longer life batteries. Most recently, he led the technical team for the Specialty Materials business that over the past two years commercialized several new antimicrobial products for the textile and plastics markets, provided technical support for new and existing products and developed novel technologies to address new market segments.
