Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
Global experts in industrial water treatment and process optimization, providing customized solutions to maximize efficiency and savings.
Commercial Facilities
General Manufacturing
The chemical processing industry encompasses a diverse and complex collection of producers with very similar goals and objectives. has the field expertise and innovative solutions necessary for our clients to not only meet those goals but enjoy a competitive advantage in the marketplace, even for the most complex chemical processing systems.
The rapid growth of mega-stores and an increasing trend toward bulk purchasing contracts are exerting a downward force on packaged food profit margins. In the face of these challenges, plants must figure out how to increase production volumes while decreasing operating costs. has the solutions and custom programs to help.
provides customized programs designed for the challenges associated with industries like injection molding, glass manufacturing, and electronics. We have dedicated industry specialists to work with our field engineers to find water treatment solutions that meet your industry’s unique needs and maximize the effectiveness of your systems.
The mining and mineral processing industry relies on water for all aspects of its operations. Water treatment and specialty chemical programs are critical to ensuring maximum recovery and throughput while helping minimize downtime and mitigate environmental, health, and safety risks.
The chemical processing industry encompasses a diverse and complex collection of producers with very similar goals and objectives. has the field expertise and innovative solutions necessary for our clients to not only meet those goals but enjoy a competitive advantage in the marketplace, even for the most complex chemical processing systems.
With the demand for power reaching new highs, large power plants are being constructed at an incredible rate. In the years to come, these new plants and existing facilities will be relied upon to meet the needs of a continually growing population, making safe and efficient water treatment a top priority for the industry.
Water treatment programs within the metal processing industries are integral to the successful manufacturing of quality products. Our water management programs incorporate a complete and in-depth understanding of the mechanical operation of each system being treated.
offers a complete line of utility, process, and functional chemistries for the pulp and paper industry. We have dedicated field personnel with an average of 16 years of experience working with this industry’s unique specifications and the full range of grade-based and finished product performance requirements.
As a supplier to the Big Three and multiple other international automobile and parts producers, is a prominent and growing water treatment provider to the automotive industry.
Our field service engineers average over 16 years of experience — double the industry average. We hire the most experienced and talented field personnel available and enable them to develop long-term relationships with customers. Backed by specialized industry and application experts, they deliver customized programs to maximize efficiency and savings.
Deep Industry Expertise
There is no substitute for knowing an industry inside and out. We believe that deep, industry-specific expertise is central to providing value for our customers. As a result, we have assembled a team of seasoned industry specialists who continually develop knowledge, technologies, and capabilities to address the unique challenges facing our customers in every industry.
Customized Programs for Unique Systems
ChemTreat’s service engineers are supported by a corporate technical engineering staff. With almost 20 years of experience on average – our team has solved your problem before. They provide support with chemical and technical engineering, complex problem solving, and customized product & service selection based on system engineering specifications and performance requirements.
Invested in Your Success
When customers choose ChemTreat, we understand that what they’re really investing in is the unparalleled service and relationship that our people provide. We aim to create value and lasting partnerships by aligning the entire organization around the common goal of making our customers more successful.
The difference lies in the application of our advanced technologies and the partnerships we form with our customers.
Over the past 50 years, we’ve developed a complete line of efficient, safe, and sustainable industrial water treatment services designed to ensure our water treatment programs are saving customers money, improving operating efficiency, extending asset life, and reducing plant downtime.
Refiners are focused on safety, reliability, asset protection, efficient energy use,
and water conservation. Download this guide to see how can help.
Our sales engineers are ready to help you find the right solution. Fill out the form to connect with your local representative.
If you are a current customer and need direct assistance, please contact Customer Service by phone or e-mail
Monday through Friday, 8 am to 7 pm EST.
Environmental Solutions
Monitoring & Control Systems
Commercial Facilities
General Manufacturing
Power Producers
Primary Metals
Cooling Systems
Our Businesses
How can we help you?
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Cooling Systems
Environmental Solutions
Monitoring and Control
Commercial Facilities
General Manufacturing
Power Producers
Primary Metals
About Our Businesses
How can we help you?
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Become an element of the best team.
We have a relentless focus on talent, continuously driving to attract, hire, and retain the very best. Each associate contributes to the success of the organization and creates a culture of growth and continuous improvement. With us, you won’t find typical water treatment jobs. You’ll be empowered with the resources, knowledge, and flexibility to do meaningful work for our customers.
High standards, higher results. At the center of our operations, our sales representatives hold the key to getting the job done.
Become an element of the best team. Achieve your career goals by joining our team of experienced industry professionals.
Create your own formula for success. Solve real problems and gain valuable experience. Immerse yourself in the culture.
The heart of our success is our people
Since 1968, our entrepreneurial spirit and emphasis on hiring the very best team has driven our success as we demonstrate value for our customers. Today, our growing operation demands more diverse and experienced talent over a wide range of areas. Explore the open job opportunities at to make your career aspirations a reality.
is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace. promotes a drug-free workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
Our Businesses
In 2007, became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Danaher Corporation and has since emerged as one of the premier companies within Danaher’s Environmental and Applied Solutions sector. Danaher is a Fortune 200, NYSE-listed science, and technology leader that designs, manufactures, and markets innovative products and services to professional, medical, industrial, and commercial customers.
In 2014, Aguasin joined the portfolio as a leading water treatment company with one of the most recognized brands based out of Santiago, Chile. Since its beginnings in 1961, Aguasin has been offering solutions through engineering, design, production, assembly, and operations. It supplies chemical products with the highest level of industry standards. Its mission is to provide the most innovative and creative solutions to customers’ most difficult water-related issues.
In 2015, Lipesa joined the family of businesses with headquarters in Colombia and operations in Brazil, Ecuador, and Peru. Founded in 1980, Lipesa has a strong reputation for new product development and a customer-focused sales model servicing the oil, gas, and heavy industrial markets. Lipesa’s team and technology, combined with the brand, reflects the importance places on innovation, service, new product development, and dedication to delivering the best solutions to customers.
Trident’s mission is to be its customers’ primary resource for water management success. Founded in 1986 and acquired by in 2009, Trident offers premier water treatment service to the commercial & institutional (C&I) and manufacturing markets in southern California.
Acquired in 2009, PowerChem is a chemical engineering division of focused exclusively on serving the geothermal industry worldwide. PowerChem offers customized treatment products and services for steam, brine, and cooling water systems.
XOS, a leading manufacturer of application-specific x-ray analyzers, joined Danaher in 2011 and works closely with within Danaher’s group of Environmental and Applied Solutions businesses. offers elemental analysis solutions that improve public safety and customer efficiency in industries like petroleum, consumer products, and environmental compliance. portfolio of analyzers that include laboratory, process, and portable instruments offers unrivaled precision at the push of a button.
Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
Environmental Commitment
ChemTreat’s environmental commitment integrates our concern for the world’s waterways into all operations, products, and services with our commitment to finishing each and every day injury- and incident-free.
Striving to protect our customers, communities, and the environment
We keep environmental protection, including water reclamation, in mind when developing our products and practices. We strive to do more than just maintain minimal environmental regulatory compliance; we work to prevent pollution where possible.
Additionally, we assist our customers in meeting their own objectives, minimizing adverse environmental impacts from their processes through the implementation of the most effective water treatment programs.
Reusing water, reducing waste, conserving energy, protecting assets
To accomplish these goals, works in partnership with customers to produce the most efficient water and energy management systems, not only to optimize process effectiveness, but also to conserve such resources as fuel, natural waters, and construction materials. One such process is found in establishing a Zero-Liquid Discharge (ZLD) program where practical. Using an array of technologies like physical and chemical treatments, filtration, and membrane and separation technology, we’ll specify best-in-class solutions to purify and recycle wastewater and reduce harmful effluent wastewater discharge outside a plant’s boundary.
These goals would be impossible to achieve without the hard work and dedication of our employees. Their health and safety is the foundation of our company and continues to be one of our highest priorities. Programs developed in the health and safety section of the environmental, health, and safety management systems are designed to protect our employees through standardized practices and training. By keeping our employees safe every day, can continue to serve you at the highest level possible.
Read more about our environmentally-friendly water treatment programs:
Our sales engineers are ready to help you find the right solution.
Fill out the form to connect with your local representative.
If you are a current customer and need direct assistance, please contact Customer Service
Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
field engineers look at everything, including the mechanical and engineering components of your system, which are just as important as the water chemistry. proposed green solution typically follows this path:
Our consultants visit your site, analyze the facility’s entire operation, and work to understand the impact of production processes.
We consult with operations, environmental, health and safety, engineering, procurement, and management personnel to determine special requirements, then develop a program outline that includes diagrams of every water- and utility-related plant system. We also examine noted bottlenecks and research probable solutions.
Sustainable Water Management
We help customers achieve their own objectives to minimize adverse environmental impacts from their processes through the use of efficient water and energy management systems to optimize process efficiency and conserve natural resources.
CONSUMPTION, USAGE, WASTE
Industrial water treatment, by its very nature, benefits the environment. Therefore, aims to go beyond just maintaining environmental regulatory compliance and preventing pollution. We can also assist our customers in achieving their own sustainability objectives to minimize adverse environmental impacts from their processes through an array of products and services.
Water reduction improves your green water treatment footprint and lowers fresh water and sewer costs. field engineers have extensive experience with reuse waters and tertiary effluent from municipal sources.
With ChemTreat’s patented Quadrasperse® technology, cooling tower cycles of concentration can be extended, often by a factor of 2. This results in reduced blowdown, preventing discharge and decreasing water consumption.
Energy Conservation
Energy can be conserved through scale and fouling reduction in heat transfer devices.
Condenser scale increases the system heat pressure, requiring additional energy to operate.
Evaporator fouling reduces the refrigerant pressure and temperature, requiring your compressor to pump more gas into the system for the same heat transfer rates.
Microbiological growth in cooling towers raises the temperature of water exiting your cooling tower, decreasing system efficiency.
We can help you reduce wastewater discharge and stay on top of and local regulations. We have:
Zero-liquid discharge expertise
Water reuse solutions, including a full suite of reverse osmosis system products
full line of wastewater treatment products for solids removal, emulsion breaking, metals precipitation, paint detackification, defoaming, and a host of other processes
Advanced technologies like phosphorus-free cooling water products
Our integrated water control technologies allow operators to react instantaneously to changes in their water treatment system, preventing corrosion, scale, and fouling. As a result, your equipment runs at 100% efficiency and for its full expected life, eliminating the need for costly and environmentally harmful replacements.
strives to build sustainability into our programs, solutions, and innovations from the start. We partner with customers to reduce energy costs, water usage, and waste.
works in partnership with our customers to produce the most efficient water and energy management systems, optimize process efficiency, and conserve resources such as natural waters, fuel, and materials of construction. We strive not only to help you maintain regulatory compliance, but also to ensure your goals are met by providing technology and services that support proactive and preventative measures.
Solutions® is the combination of CTControl™ and CTVista®+, our advanced control technology and web-enabled operations management software, along with our experienced field personnel working seamlessly together to provide a customized water treatment solution.
CTControl™ is a versatile water treatment automation system that measures system parameters and treatment levels in real time to ensure optimal chemical dosage. By leveraging a wide range of sensor and communication technologies, CTControl™ is designed to optimize cooling, boiler, and wastewater management programs.
CTVista®+ is a web-based water management analytics and reporting platform that helps you monitor and control your water treatment program in real-time. With CTVista®+, you’ll see real-time performance in distribution, ppm, and water use, within set operational ranges. If they fall out of range, field representatives are alerted to respond, helping you reduce costs while maximizing system performance.
CTControl™ is a versatile water treatment automation system designed to optimize cooling, boiler, and wastewater management programs.
management analytics and reporting platform that helps you monitor and control your water treatment program.
constantly studies and evaluates ways to lessen the environmental impact of our products and practices.
CHEMTREAT’STANDARD
Our company values specify that all processes involving our products and practices will be undertaken with a concern for the environment. To that end, we have established an Environmental Management System (EMS) to ensure proper care for all chemicals used in the production and distribution of our products.
We develop new technologies with an emphasis on environmental protection, and our treatment programs are customized to optimize performance.
realizes our business involves the acquisition, manipulation, transportation, and storage of chemicals which, if not properly controlled, introduce increased risks to health, safety, and the environment. Accordingly, we have established systematic processes to evaluate potential risks, developed procedures to manage those risks on a priority basis, and consistently review and update our programs as conditions or capabilities change. This includes a commitment to prevent pollution and comply with all applicable legal and other requirements, thereby, enabling our customers to meet permit requirements.
strives to continually evaluate new products and technologies that will provide better solutions to our clients’ water treatment needs. With a state-of-the-art water treatment laboratory, staffed with Phresearch personnel, we initiate new approaches and innovation at the leading edge of our industry including an emphasis on these critical areas of concern with direct environmental implications:
Energy conservation
Overall water quality and water discharge permit compliance
Environmental fate of treatment chemicals
Health and safety
Our sales engineers are ready to help you find the right solution.
Fill out the form to connect with your local representative.
If you are a current customer and need direct assistance, please contact Customer Service
Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
field engineers provide the highest level of boiler expertise available, and our specialists can offer guidance and recommendations for treating a wide range of systems, from high-pressure steam generators to hot water boilers. We offer a full line of boiler water treatment chemicals, testing, and control equipment at an economical cost. Our programs can increase system efficiency, decrease plant downtime and maintenance costs, and extend equipment life.
Steam Generator System Evaluations
Protection of all networks within a steam generating plant (pre-boiler, boiler, and post-boiler) is critical for efficient, safe, and reliable operation. Apart from the required inspections from your plant’s insurance firm, regular consultations and system walk-downs by water treatment personnel can be a key aspect in evaluating the integrity of such system components.
field engineers have more experience with boiler water treatment than any other technical team in the industry. After evaluating the steam generator network, our technical experts can identify items to improve plant efficiency and equipment reliability. Below is a list of just some of the equipment or locations where process evaluations can be very beneficial:
Blowdown Control and Recovery
Much energy may be lost from a steam generator as a result of blowdown, particularly if it is excessive or not monitored closely. Even with good blowdown practice, significant heat may still escape if the blowdown is sent directly to the plant drain system. Often, this energy can be recovered by using it for makeup water pre-heating or some other form of energy transfer. Precise blowdown control may improve boiler cycles of concentration as well, saving water and chemicals.
Economizers
Economizers recover heat from combustion gases leaving the boiler, and transfer it to feedwater. These large heat exchangers are often neglected, and iron oxide buildup may cause significant heat transfer loss.
Air preheaters also recover heat from combustible gases, transferring the extracted energy to boiler inlet air. These heat exchangers often become fouled with combustion products that reduce heat transfer and may cause corrosion.
Boiler Tube Internal Evaluations
personnel can employ fiber optic technology to evaluate the internal conditions of accessible boiler tubes. We can also participate in boiler drum examinations. Our laboratory can provide deposit weight density (DWD) and some metallurgical testing as well.
Steam Surface Condenser and Heat Exchangers
Chemistry Protection
has the most experienced technical personnel among boiler water treatment companies.  We can provide the expertise and chemistry to protect the entire steam generator network.
Depending on the steam generator pressure, makeup treatment may range from simple softening to sophisticated demineralization. Ingress of impurities into a steam generator can cause significant and sometimes catastrophic problems if not detected and corrected promptly. personnel can assist in evaluating the required system for the application, and can also help troubleshoot when a system malfunctions.
Condensate/Feedwater
Proper condensate/feedwater treatment is of utmost importance in boiler operations. In-leakage of impurities via a condenser tube failure can cause catastrophic damage in steam generator tubes. has application experience and solutions for detecting impurity ingress and protecting your boiler feedwater system from corrosion.
personnel can help you determine whether a deaerator is needed in your system, and help solve deaerator issues, including:
Misaligned or damaged deaerator trays
Improper or damaged pressure-reducing valves
Failure to maintain continuous positive steam pressure
Even when feedwater chemistry is controlled within ASME, IAPWS, or guidelines, internal boiler water treatment is still necessary to control deposition and corrosion in the high-temperature environment of the steam generator. Preventing excess carryover of impurities to the steam system is also critical. Like treatment for condensate/feedwater, boiler water chemistry programs continue to evolve. personnel can advise on chemistry and offer programs to keep systems in proper order.
Steam and Condensate
Carryover of excess impurities from the boiler can cause significant downstream problems.
In units equipped with steam turbines, contaminant ingress may potentially lead to catastrophic conditions such as turbine blade cracking and subsequent failure.
Even with proper chemistry control, a variety of mechanical factors may influence boiler and steam system conditions, including:
Fluctuations in the boiler water level, which can either expose tubes to overheating or overwhelm steam separators and introduce contaminants.
Failure of a water/steam separator in the drum that allows excess moisture to enter the steam system.
Introduction of impurities directly to the steam via the attemperator system.
In low-pressure boilers, mechanical carryover (the entrainment of boiler water in the steam) can be caused by a high concentration of dissolved solids in the boiler water, resulting in surface tension reduction and boiler water destabilization, and potential foaming in the steam drum. Transported impurities may deposit on superheater tubes, causing tube failures. experts can assist plant personnel in evaluating these conditions, and subsequently provide defoaming chemicals and technical procedures to address carryover issues. Our field engineers can perform tests to determine boiler steam purity, evaluate the system operation, and customize a solution to eliminate carryover.
In many industrial plants, steam passes through numerous heat exchangers, with a varying amount of the exhaust steam recovered as condensate. This condensate may accumulate numerous impurities in the process. very common impurity is carbon dioxide, which converts to carbonic acid in the condensate, lowers the condensate pH, and corrodes metals. If left untreated, acidic condensate will corrode lengths of condensate return piping, pipe threads, nipples, and elbows, resulting in leaks and process equipment deterioration and failure.  personnel can provide expertise on proper corrosion inhibitors and neutralizing/filming chemicals to protect condensate return systems.
Many other impurities may infiltrate condensate return.  Some of these include:
Suspended solids, including metal oxides
Organic compounds, sometimes including oil and grease
These impurities can cause significant problems in steam generators, including corrosion, deposition, and foaming.  personnel can advise on treatment methods and equipment to mitigate these issues.
Steam Generator Layup
Boilers often need to be taken out of service for a variety of reasons, including seasonal shutdowns, temporary lapses in production, maintenance, or annual inspections by the insurance provider. Plant personnel often forget major corrosion will occur in steam generators without proper layup procedures. Not only does corrosion damage piping and other equipment, but the corrosion products also transport to the steam generator during startups and deposit on tube surfaces. This can lead to severe underdeposit corrosion. has expertise in both wet (short-term and extended) and dry layups. Our programs utilize filming amines, and/or moisture-absorbing chemicals and vapor-phase corrosion inhibitors. Contact a field engineer to learn how best to lay up your boiler system.
Water/Steam Chemistry Monitoring
Chemistry upsets have been known to cause boiler tube failures within days, sometimes even hours. Thus, continuous, on-line monitoring is vital for protecting steam generators. personnel can provide expert advice on the equipment and sampling points necessary to protect your steam generator from chemistry upsets. Modern analytical equipment can also be configured to operate chemical feed systems to provide precise control of unit chemistry.
Our sales engineers are ready to help you find the right solution.
Fill out the form to connect with your local representative.
If you are a current customer and need direct assistance, please contact Customer Service
Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
We are providing customers with water treatment services that maximize system effectiveness through a unique combination of outstanding high-quality quality products, and superior technical expertise.
Demonstrating Reliability & Earning Trust Since 1968
Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is one of the largest and fastest-growing industrial water treatment companies in the world. Continued expansion has allowed us to evolve into one of the world’s largest providers of water treatment products and services. We create lasting partnerships and sustainable value by aligning our entire organization around the common goal of making our customers more successful.
has grown to become a leader in the water treatment industry and is committed to continued growth. We retain the flexibility of the smaller companies to meet specialized needs through a rapid and thorough response in all areas of the business, and we have the significant resources of a larger company to ensure superior customer support.
Our mission is to provide our customers with water and process treatment programs and solutions that maximize system effectiveness through our unique combination of outstanding service, high-quality products, and superior technical expertise. Our goal is to forge long-term relationships to create mutual benefit for our customers, associates, communities, and the environment.
Our Brand Promise
is the leading provider of industrial water and process treatment solutions because we are committed to a simple strategy: hire the most talented people and empower them with resources and technology to do what is best for the companies we serve. We motivate our entire organization with the singular goal of making our customers more successful.
Our Leadership Team
At the heart of our success is our people. We have assembled the finest team of dedicated professionals available: technical field engineers backed by industry teams comprised of industry market development managers, corporate engineering specialists, corporate equipment and automation specialists, analytical and environmental affairs specialists, and customer service specialists.
Steve Hire President
John Alcorn VP, North American Sales
Joe Keating VP, Global Corporate Accounts
Steve Leavell VP, Sales Eastern and Canada
Paul Guidotti VP, Western North America ＆ Western Canada
Jeff Miladin VP, Special Projects ＆ Global Power
Leo Basola VP, Finance & IT, CFO
Terence Walsh VP, Operations
Interested in working for ChemTreat?
We have a relentless focus on talent, continuously driving to attract, hire, and retain the very best. Each associate contributes to the success of the organization and creates a culture of growth and continuous improvement. With us, you won’t find typical water treatment jobs. You’ll be empowered with the resources, knowledge, and flexibility to do meaningful work for our customers.
 Through strategic acquisitions, Danaher Corporation has formed a diverse portfolio of water quality optimization companies that, as a united platform, can significantly impact the way our customers approach water.
Through strong customer partnerships, we advance the quality and delivery of water.
Our collective expertise, products, and services provide the innovative analytical and treatment solutions you need to be confident in delivering the best water with the greatest efficiency, every time.
Our sales engineers are ready to help you find the right solution.
Fill out the form to connect with your local representative.
If you are a current customer and need direct assistance, please contact Customer Service
Use up and down arrows to select available result. Press enter to go to selected search result. Touch devices users can use touch and swipe gestures.
Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy
ChemTreat’s environmental, health, and safety policy integrates our concern for the world’s waterways into all operations, products, and services with our commitment to finishing each and every day injury- and incident- free.
is committed to conducting its business in an environmentally responsible manner, in compliance with all applicable environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and in a manner that promotes and protects the health and safety of our associates, customers, and members of our local communities worldwide.
implements this policy by integrating environmental, health, and safety requirements into operations through the Danaher Business System.
operates in accordance with the following principles in conducting our business. These principles support our environmental, health and safety commitment:
Compliance with all applicable environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations and applicable corporate and business unit policies, standards, and procedures
Periodic formal evaluation of our compliance.
Integrity and accountability in personal conduct.
associates are expected to understand the environmental, health, and safety issues associated with their jobs.
associates have a duty to act in an environmentally responsible and safe manner; this duty extends to fellow associates, government authorities, suppliers, customers, and those who live in the surrounding community.
Continual improvement in performance, waste minimization, prevention of pollution, and workplace accident and injury prevention.
Integration of sound environmental, health, and safety programs and practices into applicable business functions, including procurement, product design, product testing, manufacturing, and product support.
Consideration of environmental, health, and safety impacts in the course of developing new products or processes, in selecting production materials, and before buying, leasing, or selling property.
Design, operation, and maintenance of our facilities in a manner that minimizes emissions and waste.
Responsible use of materials, including, where feasible, the recycling and reuse of materials.
Sensitivity to community concerns about environmental, health, and safety issues.
Steve Hire
