oronite’s 100-year history in chemicals is worth talking about
Oronite to participate in Specialty & Custom Chemicals America
Oronite is ready for 
Field tested additive solutions for MCL, TPEO, and SO
find out what adding up™ at oronite means
Our vision is to become the additive most admired for its people, partnership and performance. We work every day toward this goal and it shows in the 
. We are particularly proud of the strength of the relationships we build with customers, with industry associates and with original equipment manufacturers.
Above all, we do things the right way, aiming to protect your equipment and your business and reduce emissions that can harm our environment. This business model is rooted in what we call 
, which defines who we are, what we believe, how we achieve and where we aspire to go. Because we hold ourselves to these high standards, we can offer all who do business with us the best in product supply, partnerships and technology.
Getting results, the right way.
The Way establishes a common understanding not only for us, but for all who interact with us.
We recognize the importance of additives and how essential they are in helping to keep the world moving. When it comes to differentiating ourselves in this marketplace, there are three important ways we add value for our customers: delivering exceptional reliability, building enduring relationships and developing innovative technology. Our focus on these critical areas allows us to deliver benefits to our customers now and well into the future.
Supplying quality products safely and reliably
Relationships built on trust, integrity and flexibility
 (OE) is at the heart  of 
 – the vision, values  and strategies that guide us to get results the right way. puts into action  our core value to protect 
 in  all our global operations.
About the key to our success in safety and reliability
learn more about how we add value
adding up across the globe
Oronite is a world-class developer, manufacturer, and marketer of lubricant and fuel additives and chemicals designed to help enhance the performance of all types of transportation and industrial equipment.
oronite adds up for you
Back to topThe Oronite® brand name is derived from the Spanish word for gold, oro, and is a reference to the crude oil’s nickname, "black gold." Oronite has been synonymous with specialty petroleum-based products since 1917 when it was part of Standard Oil Company™ (California).
Throughout its long history, Oronite has played a critical role in improving lubricant performance. One of the earliest examples is the introduction in 1925 of Zerolene® F, an anti-chatter additive used to lubricate fabric transmission bands in the historic Model Ford. View PDF
Oronite is extremely proud of our rich history, which is filled with many technology breakthroughs in the additives industry,         ranging from some of the first fuel additives to innovative detergent chemistries that are used in a variety of engines.
Barbara Smith Vice President, Products & Technology, Oronite
Oronite’s milestones include many industry breakthroughs in technology. The Oronite® brand started as a line of specialty products and ultimately transitioned into a global leader in developing, manufacturing and marketing quality additives that improve the performance of fuels and lubricants. We support our leadership position through research and technical centers around the world that create a comprehensive offering of hundreds of components and additive packages. We marked our 100-year brand anniversary in 2017 with a proud history of technological and product “firsts.” Here are some of the landmark events by decade.
Completed major expansion projects in Singapore, Gonfreville and Oak Point additive plants; announced plans for new plant in Ningbo, China (2012-2017). 100th anniversary of Oronite brand (2017).
First fully qualified GF-4 product (2004). Developed patented marine trunk piston engine oil with carboxylate technology (2005).
Expanded product range with acquisition of PARATONE® viscosity modifier business. Korea and China offices opened (1998). Opened Asia-Pacific region’s first world-scale lubricant additives plant in Singapore (1999).
New plant and Technology Center in Omaezaki, Japan. Established joint venture in India. First diesel locomotive engine oil to receive multi-grade approval (1989).
First detergent additive for natural gas engine oils (1960). Karonite, a Japan joint venture, formed (1961). First deposit-control additive for gasoline to help keep engines clean (1969).
First detergent additive for passenger cars (1941). Oronite Chemical formed under Standard Oil of California. Oak Point manufacturing plant opened, began supplying additives to help extend the range of the submarine fleet (1943). First to develop detergent Alkane, the basic ingredient in most synthetic household detergents (1946).
First commercial use of chemicals to improve oil performance. Anti-chatter transmission additive (“Zeroline F”) designed for Ford Model (1925).
Oronite brand first used for a line of specialty oil products by Standard Oil of California (1917).
Since its introduction in 1917 by Standard Oil (California), the Oronite brand has been synonymous with specialty petroleum-based products and has evolved into a recognized global leader in the development and manufacturing of lubricant and fuel additives. Oronite has a rich history filled with many technology breakthroughs. This video captures some of the highlights from the organization’s first 100 years of business.
Oronite hosted customers at events held in key business locations around the world to commemorate its centennial in 2017. The first of these events occurred in Beijing, marking the brand’s strong presence in the Asia-Pacific region. Celebrations were also held in New Orleans, Louisiana (United States), and Gonfreville (France).
For the 100-year anniversary of the Oronite brand in 2017, Oronite hosted a full day of activities in Beijing, China, where 99 years is often associated with long prosperity. Oronite President Des King reflected on our company’s almost century-long commitment to technological innovation, service and strong relationships in every aspect of our business.
During a keynote address, King offered a historical perspective to more than 300 customers, government and industry stakeholders,         and Oronite employees.
As he spoke about Oronite’s development of a wide range of fuel and lubricant additive products, King singled out the anti-chatter additive used to lubricate the belts of the historic Model Ford in the mid-1920s. Also highlighted were some unique products introduced under the Oronite brand in its early days, such as cleaning fluids, furniture polish and even shingle oils to preserve the life of wood shingle roofs. However, the common thread throughout the years has been the steady stream of technological innovations introduced by the company, ranging from some of the first fuel additives to innovative detergent chemistries used in a variety of engines.
Oronite is progressing a planned project to build a new manufacturing facility in Ningbo, China, with startup planned for 2021.
Oronite’s recent 100th anniversary celebration in the Americas Region drew upon its regional roots with a kickoff event at the National World War Museum in New Orleans, Louisiana. Created in 2000 to focus on the contribution to the Allied victory in WWII, the museum offers a rich mix of interactive exhibits, oral histories and personal vignettes about everyday Americans who fought in the war. The historic connection is a strong one, as Oronite built its world-class Oak Point additives plant in 1943 at nearby Belle Chasse, Louisiana, at the urging of the government. Oronite additives were a critical component in diesel engine oil lubricants that helped extend the range of the submarine fleet.
The second day of Oronite’s celebration featured a trip down the Mississippi River on a steamboat to the Oak Point plant,         where the guests received a tour of the facility’s operations.
At the kickoff event for customers, suppliers and partners, Oronite President Des King thanked the company’s guests for helping to “celebrate a journey that began a century ago.”
100th celebration at oak point
See how guests were transported to and from Oronite’s Oak Point Additives Manufacturing Plant in Belle Chasse, Louisiana, via the Mississippi River and a historic steamboat.
building the oak point plant
Oronite’s construction of the Oak Point plant was a direct outgrowth of a request made to Chevron’s predecessor, Standard Oil of California (SOCAL), by the government on December 10, 1941, just three days after the Pearl Harbor attack. The military required access to a facility that could provide additives for diesel engine oil lubricants needed by the Pacific and Atlantic fleets without fear of possible enemy attacks on either coast. chose a location a short distance up the Mississippi River from the Gulf of Mexico, which met the government’s approval.
Due to the scarcity of steel, the plant was constructed from equipment bought, dismantled and transported from an obsolete refinery in Shreveport, Louisiana. By early 1944, the plant shipped its first tank car of additives. general later commented on the plant’s value to the war effort, praising for building a facility that was twice the requested capacity.
In ensuing years, Oak Point has been upgraded and expanded numerous times to keep pace with the demands of the marketplace. One of the largest additives plants in the world, Oak Point is Oronite’s anchor plant in the Americas Region and operates as part of the company’s interconnected global supply chain network.
landmark gathering of major customers, suppliers and distributors joined with Oronite employees to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Oronite brand in its Europe, Africa, Middle East (EAME) region as well as the 60th anniversary of the Gonfreville plant. Oronite President Des King welcomed the nearly 100 guests and over 40 Oronite employees to the full-day celebration featuring a kick-off event at the 850-year-old Valasse Abbey in France’s Normandy region and a tour of the company’s world-class additive plant in nearby Gonfreville .
large contingent of customers, distributors and suppliers gathered in France for the 100th anniversary event.
Acknowledging the many attendees who journeyed from as far away as South Africa for the event, King said, “We strongly believe that the mutual growth and prosperity we’ve enjoyed together here in the region and beyond is due to the enduring relationships we’ve built over the years, and that certainly makes this event a very special one.”
The Gonfreville plant was built in 1957 to help serve the needs of two new Oronite affiliates in France: Petrosynthese, which sold alkanes, a key material in household detergents; and Orogil, which sold lube oil additives. The plant expanded rapidly to serve the growing needs of motorists in Europe and other parts of the region and is currently the largest additive manufacturing plant in Europe with a workforce of more than 700 employees. Gonfreville produces hundreds of different additive packages that improve the performance and extend the life of fuels, engine oils and lubricating fluids. The plant also incorporates a full-fledged technical laboratory.
Gonfreville’s central location provides easy access to transportation networks, allowing the plant to deliver products to its customers via marine vessels, trucks and rail cars.
The plant produces enough water to accommodate a town of 30,000 residents.
The lab runs about 200,000 analyses per year.
The warehouse manages 70 to 80 trucks per day.
The plant shipped 250,000 drums of additives during 2016.
connect with usglobal
We recognize the significance of people in achieving our goals and use every resource to recruit and retain the best people in the field. In fact, one of the many ways we differentiate ourselves in the marketplace is through the technical and creative abilities of our employees.
By being fortunate to change jobs every 3 years during my career, have been able to grow the diversity and depth of my skills, as well as develop my passion for additives along the way.
 featuring women in the world of lubricants. 
Our values are embedded into our daily work. We call this shared set of values 
. It drives the way we interact with each other and with our customers and communities. It is important to make sure your own values match with those of your potential employer. Our 
 also includes a commitment to helping the communities where we operate and to supporting diversity and inclusion.
Oronite's career opportunities cover various scientific and engineering disciplines for research and product development as well as sales, supply chain management and other career paths. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, flexible work-life balance options, collaborative team-oriented work environments, challenging technical projects, ongoing learning and career development. 
We give special attention to applicants with degrees in engineering, chemistry, business and supply chain management. We look for passion for scientific and technological innovation and interest in working for a global energy company. For more information on employment with Oronite or any of the companies or subsidiaries, please visit 
for a rewarding career
, is a world-class developer, manufacturer and marketer of lubricant and fuel additives and chemicals. Our products are designed to help enhance the performance and extend the life of many types of transportation and industrial equipment. The success of our 
 is driven by our 2,000 employees working in research and development, manufacturing, supply chain, and sales and marketing across 14 countries.
Our talented and dedicated Oronite employees have maintained a steadfast commitment to reliably supply quality and innovative products to our customers over the years.
More than 100 years of innovation
Science and technology employer of choice
Get in touch with us
With an integrated worldwide presence, we can deliver research and innovation and provide manufacturing and supply chain distribution to our customers around the world.
Our Oak Point plant was originally designed to produce diesel engine additives during World War and has been expanded and upgraded numerous times to keep pace with the demands of today's marketplace. Located south of New Orleans, Louisiana, with deep-water shipping access via the Mississippi River, it is Oronite's largest production facility. It is 14001 and 9001 quality certified.
Our Mauá plant was built in 1978 and started operations in 1980. The plant operates competitively in the South America region. It is in one of the most important industrial complexes of Brazil and is close to Santos Port, the largest Port of South America.
Located within the Research Center, this is our global headquarters for automotive engine, industrial engine and specialty lubricants, and fuel additives product lines. It is also home to Oronite synthesis and process design chemists who provide the innovation for new chemical discovery and manufacture.
Email: andres.hoyos@incopack.com.co
Email: fredy.cherigo@vinsontrading.com
Oronite's Gonfreville, France, plant is the largest additive manufacturing plant in Europe.
Oronite's Gonfreville plant is the largest additive manufacturing plant in Europe. It is centrally located to allow access to transportation networks allowing us to deliver product to our customers via barges, marine vessels, trucks and rail cars. It is 14001 and 9001 quality certified.
Our Gonfreville technology center is dedicated to synthesis of new detergents and testing of industrial and specialty lubricants for the Europe, Africa, and Middle East markets. Its pilot plant facilities are available to chemists, and its analytical labs and bench test labs are available to formulators.
Our Rotterdam technology center is global headquarters for Oronite Marine Lubricant Additives and has a comprehensive engine lab for testing marine lubricants. It is also responsible for automotive engine oil development for the Europe, Africa, and Middle East regions.
Oronite Technology - B.V.
20-A, K.C.H.S.U
Email: siena.mw@gmail.com
Oronite to Participate in Specialty & Custom Chemicals America
Oronite to Present at New Jersey
Oronite is Ready for IMO 2020
Oronite Breaks Ground on China Expansion
Oronite to Participate in Panel at Annual Meeting
Oronite Finalizes Plans For China Expansion
Oronite to Present at the 12th Asian Base Oils & Lubricants Conference 2018
Oronite to Present at Base Oils and Lubes Middle East 2018
Oronite to Present at the 40th Automotive/Petroleum Industry Forum 2018
Oronite To Sponsor and Present at Mineral Oil Technology Congress 2018
Jirong Xiao, Oronite Sales and Marketing vice president, speaks to the media at an event celebrating an expansion at Oronite's Singapore Manufacturing Facility.
Independent Lubricant Manufacturers Association (ILMA) – Annual Meeting
Independent Lubricant Manufacturers Association (ILMA) – Management Forum
Independent Lubricant Manufacturers Association (ILMA) – Annual Meeting
Plus is a supplemental standard to the specification, which introduces oils for mitigation.
Turbocharged, direct-injected gasoline engines help improve fuel efficiency; however, the higher power density of these engines makes them prone to a phenomenon called LSPI.
Back to top(China) Chemicals Co., Ltd. (Oronite China) is established in China to manage all functions of Oronite including sales, products and technology, and manufacturing.
Oronite China has operated in China since 1998 and is engaged in the activities of sales, technical services, and product development of lubricant and fuel additives out of its two locations in Beijing and Shanghai. Product line coverage includes a broad array of engine oils, marine lubricants, industrial oils and specialty chemicals. The customer base ranges from major Chinese oil companies, global and regional oil companies, and numerous domestic lubricant companies.
Oronite China is fully integrated in Oronite's globally functionalized model to ensure global consistency in quality, operation and people development.
Meanwhile, Oronite China also conscientiously adapts to the Chinese culture and tailors our product performance and services to unique characteristics of the Chinese market. This is reflected in the organization and activities in three key areas: sales, products and technology, and manufacturing.
Oronite China has operated in China since 1998. It is our goal to be the global additives most admired for its people, partnership and performance.
We have an unwavering focus on operational excellence with a commitment to supply quality products safely and reliably, on time, every time.
We are committed to long-term collaborative relationships built on trust, integrity and flexibility that help our customers win.
We leverage our expertise, insights and strategic position to develop trusted technical solutions that create value.
Oronite Technology Center in China (COT-C) has five focal areas: product development, product qualification, original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and industry liaison, field testing and lab services. These are accomplished by professional teams in Shanghai and Beijing complemented with internationally accredited third-party labs in China and globally.
Beginning in 2017, COT-began to independently develop, qualify and field validate new products specifically designed for the Chinese market and customers.
Oronite China has signed an investment agreement to build a manufacturing plant in Ningbo with initial blending and shipping operations planned to commence in 2021. When fully implemented, the site is sized to eventually rival our largest manufacturing base in Singapore, as Oronite sees continuous growth in China and the need for additional capacity globally.
groundbreaking ceremony was held in October 2018 to launch construction activities for Oronite’s China Manufacturing Plant in Ningbo, China.
More information about Oronite’s exceptional reliability in manufacturing and supply chain is available.
connect with usglobal
Oronite’s leadership team reflects the global organization it leads. With a broad range of experience and diverse backgrounds, each leader is committed to setting the strategy and 
Vice President, Manufacturing and Supply
Vice President, Products and Technology
Global Manager, Operational Excellence and Health, Environment and Safety
Manager, Planning and Optimization
Back to topshedding light on LSPI
Turbocharged, direct-injected (DI) gasoline engines are rapidly growing in use because their design provides improved fuel efficiency when compared with other gasoline engine designs. In particular, there can be significant efficiency benefits achieved when a smaller, turbocharged engine is used to replace a larger, conventional engine of the same power. However, the higher power density of these engines makes them prone to a phenomenon called low speed pre-ignition (LSPI). is an abnormal combustion event in which the fuel-air mixture ignites before intended, causing excessive pressures inside the engine's cylinders. In mild cases, this can cause engine noise, but when severe enough, can cause engine damage. There are several factors that contribute to LSPI, of which lubricating oil has been observed to be one.
Demand for improved fuel economy and reduced emissions has driven passenger car manufacturers to design downsized, turbocharged engines. While these engines provide higher power density and improved efficiency, they are also prone to Original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) can adjust the operating conditions in the engines they design to address this problem, but this can reduce the engine's efficiency, which these engines were intended to improve. In fact, tends to become more prominent in the operating regime that is most beneficial to attaining improved fuel economy.
Many OEMs in the United States, Europe and Japan – working in conjunction with certain additive companies and oil marketers – have conducted extensive research on the phenomena. From this work, there is a growing body of knowledge that is demonstrating how hardware design, fuel composition and lubricant compositions can impact Unlike conventional knock, an event cannot be predicted and corrected by adjusting spark timing. As such, mitigating pre-ignition involves altering the design of the engine or lubricant to help avoid this emerging issue.
test being conducted on a turbocharged gasoline direct injection (GDI) engine at an independent laboratory. Turbocharged, direct-injected gasoline engines are rapidly growing in use because of their design to provide improved fuel efficiency when compared with other gasoline engine designs.
Low speed pre-ignition (LSPI) is a premature combustion event, occurring prior to spark ignition in turbocharged, downsized gasoline vehicles. As the name implies, it occurs when engines operate at low speeds and high loads. It can result in extremely high cylinder-pressures and can lead to heavy knock. At a minimum, can generate an audible knocking noise noticeable to the driver. Repeated exposure to these conditions can cause engine hardware failure, including broken spark plugs and cracked pistons. characteristic of is that one event often leads to subsequent events. The events will frequently occur in an alternating pattern between pre-ignition and regular combustion.
Peak pressure values for a span of combustion cycles. occurrences are observed by the large spikes in peak pressure.
Several theories exist to explain the mechanism of One theory is centered on an oil droplet entering the combustion chamber from a crevice between the piston and cylinder wall. In this mechanism, the oil droplet mixes with fuel and auto-ignites. second theory focuses on deposits as the ignition source for Evidence has been shown for both mechanisms, and they are not necessarily mutually exclusive.
Oronite is conducting extensive research in this area to help advance the understanding of LSPI, particularly on the impact of lubricant additives. From these studies, solutions are beginning to emerge to help mitigate the effects of LSPI.
the role of the lubricant in LSPI
Many factors have been demonstrated to impact low speed pre-ignition (LSPI), including: engine designs, fuel composition and lubricant composition. On the lubricant side, the most noticeable impact has been from the detergent chemistry. Oils with higher concentrations of calcium, which is found in many detergent systems, have been shown to increase the frequency of The exact chemistry of the detergent is less important to than the calcium content. Conversely, magnesium-based detergents do not seem to promote Although reducing calcium may seem like a solution to control LSPI, there may be other performance tradeoffs to consider. In addition, there are other additives that can also help reduce events. This provides an opportunity to formulate for robust performance, while maintaining the level of detergency needed to help keep engines clean and neutralize acids generated during combustion.
Aside from the detergent system, there are many other additive and lubricant compositions that can influence Molybdenum compounds, for example, not only provide frictional benefits, but also have been shown to decrease when used at high levels. Base oils also affect events. Both the quality of the base stock (i.e., Group vs. Group III) and the viscosity can have secondary effects on The effect on from these other lubricant aspects are not as significant as the detergent system, but can shift the frequency in oils that are more prone to LSPI.
Additive effects on the frequency of in the Ford test. The "High Ca" oil has a calcium concentration typical of those in the market today. The "Low Ca" has been reformulated to resist LSPI, and is representative of how many next generation oils will behave.
New and upcoming engine oil specifications include low speed pre-ignition (LSPI) prevention. GF-6 is expected to include a Ford engine test to discriminate oils based on event prevention (reduction). Thus, all oils that make GF-6 claims will need to be formulated to address Additionally, many OEMs are developing in-house tests for their own engine designs. For example, GM's dexos1® specification now includes a stochastic pre-ignition test. This test is similar to the Ford test used in GF-6, albeit at different operating conditions.
When comparing the many and varied tests for impact, it is important to understand the characterization and quantification of an event can have a bigger impact than different hardware. It is known that can lead to high pressures. Thus, one obvious way to quantify is to monitor the in-cylinder pressure for abnormal spikes. Another approach is to simply monitor for any cycle where combustion starts before the spark, as that is undoubtedly pre-ignition. While these differences in details may seem trivial, they can significantly impact the interpretation of the test results and, in turn, formulations.
It is important to ensure that any new engine oil specifications be based on performance (such as in the newly available engine tests) rather than on chemical limits. Although lowering calcium was one of the initial levers identified for reducing LSPI, it is not the only lever, and calcium detergents have benefits in other performance areas. Oronite has established a firm understanding of formulating for future specifications with requirements, while still being committed to delivering performance in piston deposit control and neutralizing acids from combustion processes.
Oronite to Present at New Jersey
RAMON, Calif., November 14, 2018 – Maryam Sepehr, research scientist and rheologist, Viscosity Modifiers, Oronite, will be presenting at the 14th Pan-American Base Oils & Lubricants Conference, which is being held November 28-30 at the Hyatt Regency in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Sepehr will be giving a presentation titled Viscosity, Base Oil, and Viscosity Modifier Impacts on Lubricant Fuel Economy Performance on Friday, November 30 at 12:10 p.m. She will explain the complexity in modern fuel economy requirements and how base oil and viscosity modifier selection impact fuel consumption in different operating regimes. “As automotive fuel efficiency requirements increase, OEMs are placing greater demands on engine oil lubricants to provide both uncompromised engine protection and reduced friction at low viscosity,” said Sepehr. “This paper addresses aspects of hydrodynamic frictional losses and examples are given that demonstrate oils with improved fuel efficiency that leverage high-quality base stocks with cost-effective viscosity modifiers.”
The 14th Annual Pan-American Base Oils & Lubricants Conference will spotlight shifting lubricant and base stock usage, and its impact on supply chain performance.
Oronite is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of fuel and lubricant additives, helping provide solutions to customers globally. Headquartered in San Ramon, California (USA), Oronite maintains regional offices in Houston (Americas Region), Paris (Europe-Africa-Middle East Region), and Singapore (Asia-Pacific Region); operates manufacturing sites in Belle Chasse, Louisiana (USA), Gonfreville (France), Singapore, and Mauá (Brazil); an affiliated blending and shipping plant in Omaezaki, Japan; technology centers in the USA, France, The Netherlands, Japan and China and has interests in an additive operating in India.
Oronite is comprised of numerous affiliates that are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Corporation. For simplicity in this news release, the terms “Oronite” and/or “Oronite” are used as abbreviated references to Corporation affiliates that are part of the Oronite business unit. Nothing in this document is intended to override or supersede the corporate separateness of these entities.
Oronite is Ready for 2020
RAMON, Calif., November 14, 2018 – Oronite has announced that they are ready for 2020.  In the coming months, Oronite will unveil four new additive packages as additions to its Marine and PowerGen System (MAPS™) product portfolio.  Two new and two new products will be part of the portfolio to address the entire range of fuel scenarios from compliant fuel to Heavy Fuel Oil in combination with scrubbers.
“Lubricant additive developments are strongly driven by new environmental regulations and shipping companies’ choices of alternative marine fuels,” said Barbara Smith, vice president, Products and Technology, Oronite.  “One major change is the new 2020 standard, and Oronite has been steadily preparing to help our customers seamlessly adapt to the new regulations.”
“We understand that ship owners and operators have several options for compliance, including installing scrubbers and using compliant fuels, each resulting in a specific lubricant need,” said Ilse Oelius Smaal, global product line manager, Marine, Oronite. “Committed to remaining at the technological forefront of additive development, we are currently qualifying a range of additive products to address the marine lubricant challenges posed by 2020 implementation.  Our MAPS™ product range is being field tested with a range of representative fuels for use in 2020 and beyond, including 0.5% sulphur fuel.”
Developed from the latest additive technology, Oronite's MAPS™ portfolio consists of packages that can be used to blend a complete slate of oils for Marine and PowerGen applications. MAPS™ technology has been tested by a proven in-house development program as well as extensive testing in real-world, field conditions. MAPS™ will be suitable for the latest marine and power generation engines, as well as older engine types, and will be able to be used in combination with both Group and Group base oils.
Oronite is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of fuel and lubricant additives, helping provide solutions to customers globally. Headquartered in San Ramon, California (USA), Oronite maintains regional offices in Houston (Americas Region), Paris (Europe-Africa-Middle East Region), and Singapore (Asia-Pacific Region); operates manufacturing sites in Belle Chasse, Louisiana (USA), Gonfreville (France), Singapore, and Mauá (Brazil); an affiliated blending and shipping plant in Omaezaki, Japan; technology centers in the USA, France, The Netherlands, Japan and China and has interests in an additive operating in India.
Oronite is comprised of numerous affiliates that are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Corporation. For simplicity in this news release, the terms “Oronite” and/or “Oronite” are used as abbreviated references to Corporation affiliates that are part of the Oronite business unit. Nothing in this document is intended to override or supersede the corporate separateness of these entities.
RAMON, Calif., October 10, 2018 – Oronite recently announced that 61011 , a top-tier additive package developed to meet the needs of the latest and most advanced European heavy duty diesel engines, has obtained the M3677 approval from Truck & Bus The M3677 specification is the latest of several high-tier approvals for 61011 in both on- and off-road applications.
“If you are looking for a high-performing, long-lasting, and flexible product for your heavy-duty engine portfolio, 61011 is a unique and field-proven solution for you,” said Mark Sztenderowicz, global manager, Product Development, Automotive Engine Oils, Oronite.“  After two years of successful testing in demanding, real-world fleet tests, you can be confident that this technology has been proven to deliver in real-world use in MAN-equipped trucks and busses.”
M3677 quality standards require trucks to cover 240,000 km ( almost 150,000 miles) and to provide oil drain intervals of 120,000 km (~75,000 miles) between oil changes. Oronite’s final oil formulation using 61011, was tested in the engines of multiple Euro trucks equipped with the latest exhaust gas aftertreatment equipment. The trucks faced very challenging environments, undergoing high and low temperatures, heavy traffic, and high loads.
“The used oil analysis showed particularly good results in terms of viscosity, oxidation and wear control,” said Jeroen Van Leeuwen, technical team leader, Automotive Engine Oils, Rotterdam Technology Center, Oronite. “The elemental mass analysis demonstrated strong oil evaporation control, and after thorough, expert examinations of the internal parts of engines in our field tests, we found minimal carbon deposits in important areas of the engines, including pistons and rings, and negligible sludge deposits in critical areas throughout the engine.  These results demonstrate the ability of 61011 to help deliver the strong, sustained engine performance expected over the long term by truck fleet owners and operators.”
For more information on 61011, please contact your local Oronite Account Manager or visit heavy duty engine oils .
Oronite is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of fuel and lubricant additives, helping provide solutions to customers globally. Headquartered in San Ramon, California (USA), Oronite maintains regional offices in Houston (Americas Region), Paris (Europe-Africa-Middle East Region), and Singapore (Asia-Pacific Region); operates manufacturing sites in Belle Chasse, Louisiana (USA), Gonfreville (France), Singapore, and Mauá (Brazil); an affiliated blending and shipping plant in Omaezaki, Japan; technology centers in the USA, France, The Netherlands, Japan and China and has interests in an additive operating in India.
Oronite is comprised of numerous affiliates that are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Corporation. For simplicity in this news release, the terms “Oronite” and/or “Oronite” are used as abbreviated references to Corporation affiliates that are part of the Oronite business unit. Nothing in this document is intended to override or supersede the corporate separateness of these entities.
Oronite Breaks Ground on China Expansion
RAMON, Calif., October 22, 2018 – Oronite hosted a groundbreaking ceremony on October 19 to mark the beginning of construction on a wholly-owned additive manufacturing plant in Ningbo, a seaport city in northeast Zhejiang Province, the People’s Republic of China. The facility is planned to open as a blending and shipping operation, followed by a phased expansion into component manufacturing as lubricant additive demand grows. The anticipates a completion date in late 2020 and the beginning of commercial production in 2021.
“The combination of increased investment, both in technology and now in manufacturing clearly reflects the importance of China in Oronite’s overall strategy,” said Bruce Chinn, president, Oronite. “Adding a manufacturing facility in China will enhance our supply capabilities to meet the growing demand for our products in the future. The plant will also complement our other strategic manufacturing locations around the world, including a world-scale additives plant in Singapore, the largest such facility in Asia, that is currently servicing our customers very well in China and the rest of Asia.”
The land where the manufacturing facility will be located is part of the Ningbo Economic and Technical Development Zone (NETD), which is located near the Ningbo Port, one of the largest ports in the world in terms of annual cargo throughput.
“is one of the first 14 state-level development zones approved by the State Council of China. At present, there are more than 40 Global Fortune-500 companies investing in NETD,” said Mr. Shen Endong, deputy director, Administration Committee, “The Oronite China Manufacturing Plant project is the most technically advanced project in the field of new chemical materials introduced since the establishment of the NETD, which will definitely push forward its industrial upgrade.”
Oronite is celebrating its 20th anniversary in China this year, having established a sales presence in Beijing beginning in 1998. After continued growth in China, the company’s focus over the last several years has been on expanding its in-country technical support and product development capabilities, highlighted by the opening of a technology center in Shanghai in 2015. In parallel, work was also underway to identify a strategic location for a China manufacturing plant, culminating in the recent groundbreaking ceremony in Ningbo.
“We congratulate Oronite’s China project team for its excellent work over these last few years and we are very excited to see construction now underway,” said Koon Eng Goh, general manager, Manufacturing and Supply Chain, Asia-Pacific Region, Oronite. “We would also like to thank for the strong support they have given us during this process. They are an important reason why Oronite chose this strategic location, which will help us to serve our customers’ future needs and build relationships throughout China that will endure for years to come.”
The signed an initial investment agreement in China in March 2015 and later that year created a wholly foreign-owned enterprise based in Ningbo. In December 2016, Oronite announced that it had advanced to the engineering and design phase of the project. Then in June 2018, the announced it had made the final investment decision to move forward on its plans.
Oronite is a leading developer, manufacturer and marketer of fuel and lubricant additives, helping provide solutions to customers globally. Headquartered in San Ramon, California (USA), Oronite maintains regional offices in Houston (Americas Region), Paris (Europe-Africa-Middle East Region), and Singapore (Asia-Pacific Region); operates manufacturing sites in Belle Chasse, Louisiana (USA), Gonfreville (France), Singapore, and Mauá (Brazil); an affiliated blending and shipping plant in Omaezaki, Japan; technology centers in the USA, France, The Netherlands, Japan and China and has interests in an additive operating in India.
Oronite is comprised of numerous affiliates that are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of Corporation. For simplicity in this news release, the terms “Oronite” and/or “Oronite” are used as abbreviated references to Corporation affiliates that are part of the Oronite business unit. Nothing in this document is intended to override or supersede the corporate separateness of these entities.
