Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
President and Mark Lashier was featured in a recent Houston Chronicle Q&where he discussed  the company’s growth opportunities and 2019 industry trends. 
joins new global alliance pledging more than $1 billion against unchecked plastic waste.
Ken Hope, global technical services manager for Chemical’s polyalphaolefins (PAO) division, spoke with Tribology and Lubrication Technology (TLT) magazine about innovation in the arena for vehicles’ fuel efficiency.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure 11/29/2018
One of the best feelings in the world is feeling like you are appreciated, right!? Wouldn’t you like your customers to associate that same feeling with your company?
In a study by the Rockefeller Group, a surprising “82% of customers will leave because they think you do not care about them. Customers want to be treated as individuals. They want to feel like their business matters to you and that you care.” 
Simple takeaway… when customers don’t feel appreciated, they leave.
What can you do as a business to retain your customer base, and make them feel appreciated? Jace Drew, Sales - Permian, West Texas, South Texas Region for Drilling Specialties Company, a division of (DSCO) weighed in with some ideas and strategies for worldwide customer retention and overall appreciation.
Customer service strategy is building a lifelong, trusting relationship with customers and consumers. DSCO’s service strategy is to develop relationships with our customers by improving each customer's experience with the company, by exceeding their expectations, addressing any problems, and improving their overall interaction throughout the process. Our number one goal is our customer and their experience.  That is the hallmark of a great customer service strategy. If you don’t have a strategy yet, create one with your customer in mind as your main goal.
Yes, absolutely, especially if you are in a service business of any kind! great customer service strategy helps with how much time you have in travel, how you communicate with your customers, how you maintain customer satisfaction, and how you support your product. The customer should always feel greatly valued and appreciated.
believe customer appreciation is the same for our throughout the world, no matter what area we are working in. Drilling Specialties Company, division of LP, works hard to communicate to customers that they are appreciated and we are always interested in their specific needs and requirements with respect to our products and services.  We would not be one of the premier companies without their continued support.Are you or Phillips?
In July 2000, our owner organizations, Corporation and Petroleum (now 66), combined its petrobusinesses to form what is now known as We are a separate with headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas that employs approximately 5,000 employees and has assets totaling approximately $14 billion.
Both. is a global leader in the production of olefins and polyolefins. We are also a principal supplier of aromatics, alpha olefins, styrenics, specialty chemicals, polyethylene pipe, and proprietary plastics.
How many different business lines do you have?
Our mix of petroand plastics products is segmented into two business lines – Olefins and Polyolefins, and Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics. The products produced by these divisions are essential to manufacturing more than 70,000 consumer and industrial products.
Where do you operate?
Chemical, with its joint venture partners, currently has 36 production facilities located in the United States, Belgium, China, Colombia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, and South Korea.
Where are your research centers?
Our research and development centers are located in Bartlesville, Oklahoma and Kingwood, Texas.
is committed to meaningful community involvement and focuses our primary outreach efforts on programs that support science, the environment, and math. Since our employees live and work in the same community as our facilities, each facility tailors its community outreach to the needs of their location. Our outreach programs include, but are not limited to, both cash contributions and volunteer opportunities that span the gamut from building houses for our less fortunate neighbors; supporting the development of nature gardens for the enjoyment of our communities; sponsoring youth summer camps that encourage interest in math and science; and, even hosting recreational fishing expeditions on our own property.
Where are you headquartered?
produces products that are essential to manufacturing over 70,000 consumer and industrial products. We operate under two business lines and our products include:
Olefins & Polyolefins - Ethylene, Marlex® Polyethylene, Normal Alpha Olefins, Synfluid® Polyalphaolefins, Propylene, and DriscoPlex® High-Density Polyethylene Pipe, Conduit and Pipe Fittings
Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics - Cyclohexane, Styrene, Polystyrene, Benzene, Mining Chemicals, Soltex® Drilling Mud Additive, Scentinel® Mercaptans, Specialty Organosulfur Compounds, Racing Fuels, E-SeriesAcetylene Hydrogenation Catalysts
What are your products used for?
Products in the olefins and polyolefins family are used in plasticizers, synthetic motor oils, paraffin wax, lubricants, antifreeze, paint, soap, and household detergents. Additionally, olefins are used to produce high-density, low-density, and linear low-density polyethylene resins for plastic pipe, merchandise bags, milk jugs, surgical gloves, food packaging, and automobile gas tanks.
Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics are used in electronics, automobiles, appliances, agriculture, and pharmaceuticals. Additionally, extractive chemicals are used in drilling muds for oil and gas wells, copper mining, and in mineral processing as solvents and flotation agents. Also, these products are used in the manufacture of nylon, housewares, construction materials, carpet, polyester, plastic utensils, and DVDs, CDs and videocassettes.
What is your safety record?
At Chemical, safety will always be our top priority. We have a “Vision of Zero,” meaning a target of zero injuries and zero major incidents. In fact, our safety record has improved by more than 50 percent since the company’s inception in 2000, thus affording us “elite” status among our industry’s top safety performers. Today, is well on its way to becoming the safest in the petrochemicals industry.
What is Loop Slurry technology?
Loop Slurry technology is Chemical’s proprietary process for high-density polyethylene production. The technology is applicable to various densities of polyethylene and adaptable to advanced catalysts including metallocenes and dual-site catalyst systems for single-reactor bimodal resins. The loop slurry process technology delivers high-reactor throughput while minimizing capital and operating costs. It is utilized internationally by numerous commercial reactor facilities, and as a result, is one of the most widely licensed processes in the world.
What is Aromax® benzene production technology?
Aromax® benzene production technology is Chemical’s proprietary process for the on-purpose production of benzene. Our process is the lowest cost process in the industry.
What is your company’s commitment to research?
discoveries have not only improved, but transformed the commodity business. Our scientists were responsible for inventing several modern plastics, and we have the patents and proprietary technology to prove it. Even now, at our two research and development centers, more than 250 of our scientists, researchers and engineers make advances and refinements daily. Company-wide, we are finding better ways to reduce manufacturing costs, streamline operations, and develop new technologies that improve the petrochemicals and plastics that are essential to our quality of life.
What is your company’s commitment to environmental stewardship?
has invested over $100 million dollars to reduce ozone-forming nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions by 75 percent as a whole at our facilities in the eight county area surrounding Houston. We pride ourselves on our proactive environmental initiatives. For example, numerous waste byproducts are now being regenerated and re-utilized in the manufacture of new products. actively participates in cogeneration programs.
Additionally, the has reduced its reportable events by 45 percent since the company's inception.
Is Performance Pipe a division of Company?
Yes. Performance Pipe, producing Driscoplex® piping products, is a division of Performance Pipe is the largest manufacturer of high-density polyethylene pipe (HDPE) in North America. Our pressure pipe is sold regularly to over 400 customers and serves as an integral component in municipal, mining, irrigation, electrical, telecommunications, petroleum, natural gas, and numerous other industrial applications.
The Woodlands, 77380
On July 1, 2000, Corporation and Petroleum Company, now 66, combined their worldwide petrobusinesses, excluding Chevron’s oronite additives business, to form and 66 each own 50 percent of Chemical. 
is one of the world’s top producers of olefins and polyolefins and a leading supplier of aromatics, alpha olefins, styrenics, specialty chemicals, piping, and proprietary plastics. 
produces products that are essential to manufacturing over 70,000 consumer and industrial products.
Chemical, with its joint venture partners, operates 33 manufacturing and research centers.
is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas (north of Houston).
has approximately 5,000 employees worldwide.
was awarded a 2016 Top Workplaces honor by the Houston Chronicle for the third year in a row.
The Top Workplaces lists are based solely on the results of an employee feedback survey administered by WorkplaceDynamics, LLC, a leading research firm that specializes in organizational health and workplace improvement. Several aspects of workplace culture were measured, including Alignment, Execution, and Connection, just to name a few.
In 2015, the Texas Workforce Commission (TWC) named the 2015 Texas Workforce Solutions Employer of the Year at TWC’s 19th Annual Texas Workforce Conference. Employer of the Year nominations are submitted to by Workforce Development Boards to honor local employers that exemplify TWC’s mission to promote and support a workforce system that creates value and offers employers, individuals and communities the opportunity to achieve and sustain economic prosperity.
Chemical, with its joint venture partners, has 33 production facilities located in the United States, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Belgium. Significant developments include:
In 2014, started construction of a 1.5 million metric tons/year (3.3 billion pounds/year) ethane cracker and ethylene derivatives facilities in the United States Gulf Coast region. The two new polyethylene facilities will each have an annual capacity of 500,000 metric tons (1.1 billion pounds).
completed an expansion of its normal alpha olefins (NAO) capacity at its Cedar Bayou plant in Baytown, Texas, in 2015.
In 2014, announced mechanical completion of the world’s largest on-purpose 1-hexene plant at its Cedar Bayou plant in Baytown, Texas. The 1-hexene plant is capable of producing up to 250,000 metric tons (551 million pounds) per year.
The completed the expansion of a Natural Gas Liquids (NGL) Fractionator Complex at its Sweeny plant in Old Ocean, Texas in 2013. The fractionation unit increased capacity by approximately 22,000 barrels per day or a 19 percent over current capacity.
In 2012, Saudi Polymers (SPCo) and its joint venture partner, National Petro(Petrochem) safely achieved start-up and commercial production for its new facilities in Al-Jubail, Saudi Arabia. The integrated SPCo petrochemicals complex includes world-class operating units that are capable of producing ethylene (1,220 kmta), propylene (440 kmta), polyethylene (1,100 kmta), polypropylene (400 kmta), polystyrene (200 kmta) and 1-hexene (100 kmta).
Research & Development
has two major research, technology and quality control centers in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, and Kingwood, Texas. These facilities provide full-scale petroand polymer research including new catalyst development, product and process development, and commercial process support. 
employs more than 250 scientists, researchers, and engineers in its research facilities.
holds thousands of domestic and international patents and patent applications.
Specialties, Aromatics & Styrenics - Cyclohexane, Styrene, Polystyrene, Benzene, Mining Chemicals, Soltex® Drilling Mud Additive, Scentinel® Mercaptans, Specialty Organosulfur Compounds, Racing Fuels, E-Series™ Acetylene Hydrogenation Catalysts
Marlex® polyethylene is a premium extrusion and rigid packaging resin. 
Aromax® benzene production technology is the lowest cost process for on-purpose production of benzene. 
Scentinel® Gas Odorants are added to natural gas to give it a distinctive smell.
Soltex® drilling mud additive is a high-temperature/high-pressure fluid loss control additive for water-based muds.
Markets ServedPage Image
The definitions contained in this "Glossary" are merely generic definitions that may prove helpful to those using this Web site. They do not supercede, nor are they intended to supercede, the definitions or specifications that may apply to various technical terms as they are used in specific documents, agreements, proposals or offerings, or in or third party patents.
Acrylonitrile- Butadiene - Styrene copolymer.  group of tough, rigid thermoplastics derived from the monomers in the name. Uses include automobile and boat parts and fittings, business machines, packaging and other articles.
substance that penetrates the inner structure of another, used to remove or extract one of the compounds of a mixed stream.  The component is subsequently separated from the absorbent, usually by distillation .
compound, usually organic, that greatly reduces the time for a reaction to take place.
colorless gas derived by cracking hydrocarbons with steam or by partial oxidation of natural gas.  In the industry, it is a by-product of ethylene . It is used as an industrial gas and to produce vinyl chloride, acrylonitrile, and carbon black.
Acrylonitrile
monomer derived mainly from the reaction of propylene or acetylene with  This is a key raw material used in the fiber, plastics, and rubber industries.
substance, added to a base material, in low concentrations, to perform a specific function such as to preserve, thicken, disperse or color. Specialty Chemicals and organizations sell a range of additives and additive feedstocks that are used in industries such as mining, drilling, fuels, food, and personal care
substance that can trap molecules of other substances on its surface.
The family name of a group of organic compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. The series of molecules vary in chain length and are composed of a hydrocarbon plus a hydroxyl group; CH3-(CH2)n-(e.g., methanol, ethanol, and tertiary butyl alcohol).
The product of an alkylation reaction. It usually refers to the high octane product from alkylation units. This alkylate is used in blending high octane gasoline.
petroprocess in which an alkyl radical is introduced to another molecule. Chemicals produced using alkylation chemistry include cumene , dodecylbenzene, and ethylbenzene . In the oil industry, alkylation refers to a process for making a high-octane blending component for gasoline.
Alpha Olefins
range of highly linear terminal olefins formed by oligomerization of ethylene .  Examples include 1-butene (C4=), 1-hexene (C6=), and 1-octene (C8=). A.k.a. (Normal Alpha Olefins) or (Linear Alpha Olefins). Alpha olefins are major petrobuilding blocks, which serve as polyethylene co-monomers and as reagents to form surfactants, plasticizers , and additives . NAO’s and derivatives are used in a wide range of applications including: synthetic motor oils for jet engines and automobiles, synthetic lubricants, synthetic drilling fluids, additives for lube oil and the upstream oil industry, paper sizing, flavors, candles, lubes, detergents, and a number of personal care items. is one of the largest producers in the world.
An arbitrary scale expressing the gravity or density of liquid petroleum products. The measuring scale is calibrated in terms of degrees API; it may be calculated in terms of the following formula:
The higher the gravity, the lighter the compound. Light crudes generally exceed 38 degrees and heavy crudes are commonly labeled as all crudes with an gravity of 22 degrees or below. Intermediate crudes fall in the range of 22 degrees to 38 degrees gravity.
highly reactive group of hydrocarbons with unsaturated rings of carbon atoms, enabling the production of a wide variety of products.   As the name suggests, aromatics have a distinctive odor.
proprietary process for production of benzene .
dark-brown-to-black cement-like material containing bitumens as the predominant constituent obtained by petroleum processing; used primarily for road construction. It includes crude asphalt as well as the following finished products: cements, fluxes, the asphalt content of emulsions (exclusive of water), and petroleum distillates blended with asphalt to make cutback asphalts. Note: The conversion factor for asphalt is 5.5 barrels per short ton.
The acronym for the American Society for Testing and Materials.
The refining process of separating crude oil components at atmospheric pressure by heating to temperatures of about 600 degrees Fahrenheit to 750 degrees Fahrenheit (depending on the nature of the crude oil and desired products) and subsequent condensing of the fractions by cooling.
complex mixture of relatively volatile hydrocarbons with or without small quantities of additives, blended to form a fuel suitable for use in aviation reciprocating engines. Fuel specifications are provided in Specification 910 and Military Specification MIL-G-5572. Note: Data on blending components are not counted in data on finished aviation gasoline.
Aviation Gasoline Blending Components
Naphthas which will be used for blending or compounding into finished aviation gasoline (e.g., straight-run gasoline, alkylate, reformate, benzene, toluene, and xylene). Excludes oxygenates (alcohols, ethers), butane, and pentanes plus. Oxygenates are reported as other hydrocarbons, hydrogen, and oxygenates.
The amount of input that a distillation facility can process under usual operating conditions. The amount is expressed in terms of capacity during a 24-hour period and reduces the maximum processing capability of all units at the facility under continuous operation see Barrels per Stream Day to account for the following limitations that may delay, interrupt, or slow down production: the capability of downstream facilities to absorb the output of crude oil processing facilities of a given refinery. No reduction is made when a planned distribution of intermediate streams through other than downstream facilities is part of a refinery’s normal operation; the types and grades of inputs to be processed; the types and grades of products expected to be manufactured; the environmental constraints associated with refinery operations; the reduction of capacity for scheduled downtime due to such conditions as routine inspection, maintenance, repairs, and turnaround; and the reduction of capacity for unscheduled downtime due to such conditions as mechanical problems, repairs, and slowdowns.
The maximum number of barrels of input that a distillation facility can process within a 24-hour period when running at full capacity under optimal crude and product slate conditions with no allowance for downtime.
One of the most important building blocks.  Derived from catalytic reforming of naphtha , toluene dealkylation or disproportionation , pygas recovery, and, to a small extent, coal tar.  Benzene is a raw material for the production of cumene, cyclohexane and styrene. is one of the largest producer of benzene in North America and the world.
Biomass-Based Diesel Fuel
Biodiesel and other renewable diesel fuel or diesel fuel blending components derived from biomass, but excluding renewable diesel fuel co-processed with petroleum feedstocks.
process used for producing hollow plastic parts such as milk bottles or automobile fuel tanks, by extruding a parrison (tube-shaped form) into a hollow mold , and then inflating the form against the cool mold surface, where it freezes into shape.
facility which has no refining capability but is either capable of producing finished motor gasoline through mechanical blending or blends oxygenates with motor gasoline.
The acronym for the commercial petroleum aromatics benzene, toluene, and xylene. See individual categories for definitions.
facility used primarily for the storage and/or marketing of petroleum products which has a total bulk storage capacity of less than 50,000 barrels and receives its petroleum products by tank car or truck.
facility used primarily for the storage and/or marketing of petroleum products which has a total bulk storage capacity of 50,000 barrels or more and/or receives petroleum products by tanker, barge, or pipeline.
high volume intermediate usually obtained by purifying the byproduct mixed C4 stream (butadiene, isobutylene, MTBE, 1-butene) produced by a stream cracker. It can also be made by dehydrogenation of butene or butane. Uses: resin , (styrene butadiene copolymer) resin, neoprene.
normally gaseous straight-chain or branch-chain hydrocarbon extracted from natural gas or refinery gas streams. It includes normal butane and refinery-grade butane and is designated in Specification D1835 and Gas Processors Association Specifications for commercial butane. Normal Butane: normally gaseous straight-chain hydrocarbon that is a colorless paraffinic gas which boils at a temperature of 31.1 degrees Fahrenheit and is extracted from natural gas or refinery gas streams. Refinery-Grade Butane: refinery-produced stream that is composed predominantly of normal butane and/or isobutane and may also contain propane and/or natural gasoline. These streams may also contain significant levels of olefins and/or fluorides contamination.
Substances that are coincidentally created, without a separate commercial intent, in the course of producing another substance. Usually of lesser volume or value than primary or co-products .
Captive Refinery Oxygenate Plants
Oxygenate production facilities located within or adjacent to a refinery complex.
Finely divided particles of carbon in powder form used in the manufacture of tires and other rubber articles, plastics, inks, and many other applications.  Made by the incomplete combustion of oil, acetylene or natural gas.
Solids, liquids, or gases, which in small percentages accelerate or enable the reaction of two or more other chemicals without themselves being consumed itself in the reaction.  Sometimes the catalysts react momentarily with the other chemicals, creating conditions that permit the desired reaction to take place.
The refining process of breaking down the larger, heavier, and more complex hydrocarbon molecules into simpler and lighter molecules. Catalytic cracking is accomplished by the use of a catalytic agent and is an effective process for increasing the yield of gasoline from crude oil. Catalytic cracking processes fresh feeds and recycled feeds.
Catalytic Hydrocracking
refining process that uses hydrogen and catalysts with relatively low temperatures and high pressures for converting middle boiling or residual material to high-octane gasoline, reformer charge stock, jet fuel, and/or high grade fuel oil. The process uses one or more catalysts, depending upon product output, and can handle high sulfur feedstocks without prior desulfurization.
Catalytic Hydrotreating
refining process for treating petroleum fractions from atmospheric or vacuum distillation units (e.g., naphthas, middle distillates, reformer feeds, residual fuel oil, and heavy gas oil) and other petroleum (e.g., cat cracked naphtha, coker naphtha, gas oil, etc.) in the presence of catalysts and substantial quantities of hydrogen. Hydrotreating includes desulfurization, removal of substances (e.g., nitrogen compounds) that deactivate catalysts, conversion of olefins to paraffins to reduce gum formation in gasoline, and other processes to upgrade the quality of the fractions.
refining process using controlled heat and pressure with catalysts to rearrange certain hydrocarbon molecules, thereby converting paraffinic and naphthenic type hydrocarbons (e.g., low-octane gasoline boiling range fractions) into petrofeedstocks and higher octane stocks suitable for blending into finished gasoline. Catalytic reforming is reported in two categories. They are:
Low Pressure: processing unit operating at less than 225 pounds per square inch gauge (PSIG) measured at the outlet separator.
High Pressure: processing unit operating at either equal to or greater than 225 pounds per square inch gauge (PSIG) measured at the outlet separator.
Charge Capacity
readily combustible black or brownish-black rock whose composition, including inherent moisture, consists of more than 50 percent by weight and more than 70 percent by volume of carbonaceous material. It is formed from plant remains that have been compacted, hardened, chemically altered, and metamorphosed by heat and pressure over geologic time.
general term referring to materials typically sold in large volumes in bulk and likely to be further processed before being used by consumers.
Co-monomer
monomer, which, in combination with another monomer, is reacted to form a polymer, resin, or elastomer. Often used to modify the properties of a product, e.g. polyethylene .
Co-polymerization
Polymerization of two or more dissimilar monomers such as the creation of (styrene butadiene rubber) from styrene and butadiene.
Two or more key substances that are jointly produced in a given process. Examples: (1) ethylene and propylene in a cracker (2) styrene and propylene oxide in a (propylene oxide/styrene monomer) plant (3) benzene , toluene and xylenes in a reformer.
Cracking, thermal
In the industry, a manufacturing process in which distillate is exposed to high temperatures to produce hydrocarbon gases. Example: thermal cracking of ethane or naphtha to produce ethylene .
mixture of hydrocarbons that exists in liquid phase in natural underground reservoirs and remains liquid at atmospheric pressure after passing through surface separating facilities. Depending upon the characteristics of the crude stream, it may also include:
Small amounts of hydrocarbons that exist in gaseous phase in natural underground reservoirs but are liquid at atmospheric pressure after being recovered from oil well (casinghead) gas in lease separators and are subsequently commingled with the crude stream without being separately measured. Lease condensate recovered as a liquid from natural gas wells in lease or field separation facilities and later mixed into the crude stream is also included;
Small amounts of nonhydrocarbons produced from oil, such as sulfur and various metals;
Drip gases, and liquid hydrocarbons produced from tar sands, oil sands, gilsonite, and oil shale.
Liquids produced at natural gas processing plants are excluded. Crude oil is refined to produce a wide array of petroleum products, including heating oils; gasoline, diesel and jet fuels; lubricants; asphalt; ethane, propane, and butane; and many other products used for their energy or content.
Crude oil is considered as either domestic or foreign, according to the following:
Domestic: Crude oil produced in the United States or from its Aouter continental shelf’ as defined in 43 1331.
Foreign: Crude oil produced outside the United States. Imported Athabasca hydrocarbons (tar sands from Canada) are included.
Represents the volume of crude oil reported by petroleum refineries as being lost in their operations. These losses are due to spills, contamination, fires, etc. as opposed to refinery processing losses.
The volume of crude oil produced from oil reservoirs during given periods of time. The amount of such production for a given period is measured as volumes delivered from lease storage tanks (i.e., the point of custody transfer) to pipelines, trucks, or other media for transport to refineries or terminals with adjustments for (1) net differences between opening and closing lease inventories, and (2) basic sediment and water (BS&W).
Refers to two properties of crude oil, the sulfur content and gravity, which affect processing complexity and product characteristics.
Receipts of domestic and foreign crude oil at a refinery. Includes all crude oil in transit except crude oil in transit by pipeline. Foreign crude oil is reported as a receipt only after entry through customs. Crude oil of foreign origin held in bonded storage is excluded.
manufacturing process in which low temperatures cause the feed stream to solidify in crystalline form . This is a means of purification through evaporation or centrification. Sometimes used in the production of p-xylene.
An intermediate commodity derived from benzene and propylene . Used to produce phenol and acetone which when oxidized and cleaved, produce resins, plastics and other materials.
commodity derived from benzene and hydrogen . Used in the manufacture of nylons, primarily in carpeting and for engineering resin applications. is a top producer of cyclohexane in North America and the world.
The degeneration of the structure, physical properties, or appearance of a substance such as a plastic due to exposure to light, heat, oxygen, or other reagents.
process by which heavier crude oil fractions can be thermally decomposed under conditions of elevated temperatures and pressure to produce a mixture of lighter oils and petroleum coke. The light oils can be processed further in other refinery units to meet product specifications. The coke can be used either as a fuel or in other applications such as the manufacturing of steel or aluminum.
The mass per unit volume. common specification for substances.
The removal of sulfur, as from molten metals, petroleum oil, or flue gases. Petroleum desulfurization is a process that removes sulfur and its compounds from various streams during the refining process. Desulfurization processes include catalytic hydrotreating and other chemical/physical processes such as adsorption. Desulfurization processes vary based on the type of stream treated (e.g., naphtha, distillate, heavy gas oil, etc.) and the amount of sulfur removed (e.g., sulfur reduction to 10 ppm). See Catalytic Hydrotreating.
The components of petroleum disposition are stock change, crude oil losses, refinery inputs, exports, and products supplied for domestic consumption.
Disproportionation
reaction in which a single compound serves as both oxidizing and reducing agent, such as the dealkylation of toluene to give benzene (the more reduced product) and xylene (the more oxidized product).
Distillate Fuel Oil
general classification for one of the petroleum fractions produced in conventional distillation operations. It includes diesel fuels and fuel oils. Products known as No. 1, No. 2, and No. 4 diesel fuel are used in on-highway diesel engines, such as those in trucks and automobiles, as well as off-highway engines, such as those in railroad locomotives and agricultural machinery. Products known as No. 1, No. 2, and No. 4 fuel oils are used primarily for space heating and electric power generation.
No. 1 Distillate: light petroleum distillate that can be used as either a diesel fuel or a fuel oil.
No. 1 Diesel Fuel: light distillate fuel oil that has a distillation temperature of 550 degrees Fahrenheit at the 90-percent recovery point and meets the specifications defined in Specification 975. It is used in high speed diesel engines generally operated under frequent speed and load changes, such as those in city buses and similar vehicles. See No. 1 Distillate.
No. 1 Fuel Oil: light distillate fuel oil that has distillation temperatures of 400 degrees Fahrenheit at the 10-percent recovery point and 550 degrees Fahrenheit at the 90-percent recovery point and meets the specifications defined in Specification 396. It is used primarily as fuel for portable outdoor stoves and portable outdoor heaters. See No. 1 Distillate.
No. 2 Distillate: petroleum distillate that can be used as either a diesel fuel or a fuel oil.
No. 2 Diesel Fuel: distillate fuel oil that has a distillation temperature of 640 degrees Fahrenheit at the 90-percent recovery point and meets the specifications defined in Specification 975. It is used in high-speed diesel engines that are generally operated under uniform speed and load conditions, such as those in railroad locomotives, trucks, and automobiles. See No. 2 Distillate.
Low Sulfur No. 2 Diesel Fuel: No. 2 diesel fuel that has a sulfur level no higher than 0.05 percent by weight. It is used primarily in motor vehicle diesel engines for on-highway use.
High Sulfur No. 2 Diesel Fuel: No. 2 diesel fuel that has a sulfur level above 0.05 percent by weight.
No. 2 Fuel Oil (Heating Oil): distillate fuel oil that has a distillation temperature of 640 degrees Fahrenheit at the 90-percent recovery point and meets the specifications defined in Specification 396. It is used in atomizing type burners for domestic heating or for moderate capacity commercial/industrial burner units.
No. 4 Fuel: distillate fuel oil made by blending distillate fuel oil and residual fuel oil stocks. It conforms to Specification 396 or Federal Specification VV-F-815and is used extensively in industrial plants and in commercial burner installations that are not equipped with preheating facilities. It also includes No. 4 diesel fuel used for low- and medium-speed diesel engines and conforms to Specification 975.
No. 4 Diesel Fuel: See No. 4 Fuel.
No. 4 Fuel Oil: See No. 4 Fuel.
common manufacturing process for separation/purification in which a liquid is converted to a vapor and the vapor is then condensed to a liquid.
Chemical’s proprietary clean alternative to most dry cleaning solvents that is chlorine-free, biodegradable, and is 100% hydrocarbon-based.
Chemical’s E-III® FTFs are specially blended fluids that provide a safe and cost-effective way to train firefighters.
Elastomers
Polymers characterized by their flexibility and stretch, in particular various forms of rubber.
Electricy (Purchased)
Electricity purchased for refinery operations that is not produced within the refinery complex.
propriety process for separating p-xylene via adsorption. licenses this process for use in its Pascagoula facility.
Ending Stocks
Primary stocks of crude oil and petroleum products held in storage as of 12 midnight on the last day of the month. Primary stocks include crude oil or petroleum products held in storage at (or in) leases, refineries, natural gas processing plants, pipelines, tank farms, and bulk terminals that can store at least 50,000 barrels of petroleum products or that can receive petroleum products by tanker, barge, or pipeline. Crude oil that is in-transit by water from Alaska, or that is stored on Federal leases or in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve is included. Primary Stocks exclude stocks of foreign origin that are held in bonded warehouse storage.
Endothermic
The characteristic of a reaction indicating it absorbs or uses energy, typically in the form of heat.
(Ethyl tertiary butyl ether)
An oxygenate blend stock formed by the catalytic etherification of isobutylene with ethanol.
normally gaseous straight-chain hydrocarbon. It is a colorless paraffinic gas that boils at a temperature of -127.48 degrees Fahrenheit. It is extracted from natural gas and refinery gas streams.
generic term applied to a group of organic compounds composed of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen, characterized by an oxygen atom attached to two carbon atoms (e.g., methyl tertiary butyl ether).
An intermediate used in the production of styrene. Derived from benzene and ethylene. Also, a non-xylene impurity that is naturally present in mixed xylenes and is also created during its fractionation.
Ethylene
colorless, flammable gas, ethylene is the largest volume petroin the world. Ethylene has a number of uses, including the production of plastics such as polyethylene (PE) and polyvinyl chloride (PVC). is a top ethylene manufacturer in North America. Ethylene is mainly produced through the steam cracking (steam pyrolysis) of hydrocarbon feedstocks. Feedstocks used for steam cracking range from ethane to naphtha and gas oils. Some ethylene is also produced as a byproduct of petroleum refining.
Exothermic
The characteristic of a reaction indicating it releases energy, typically in the form of heat.
Shipments of crude oil and petroleum products from the 50 States and the District of Columbia to foreign countries, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other possessions and territories.
The reaction in which an olefin is converted to a cyclic, three-membered ether, i.e. an epoxide or oxirane
Extractive distillation
type of distillation involving a fractionating column and characterized by use of an additive, often a solvent, which modifies the vaporization characteristics of the materials being processed to make them easier to separate. Example: Extraction of crude xylenes to remove non-aromatics and other impurities.
Extrusion
technique for making flat plastic sheet or profiles from a variety of resins. Articles using this technique include containers for food, beverages and personal care items, flat sheets for truck liners, plastic pipe, and large extruded sheets for geomembrane, pipe, and window framing.
Raw materials required for an industrial process. In the industry, common feedstocks include natural gas or natural gas liquids such as naphtha, gas oil, and ethane. Benzene, ethylene, propylene, and other olefins are examples of feedstocks used as the building blocks for the production of value added petrochemicals.
Fiber Intermediates
An informal term referring to a range of intermediate products derived from benzene or xylenes, such as p-xylene, cyclohexane, and TPA, which may be further processed to create polymers for synthetic fibers such as polyester and nylon.
Represents crude oil production on leases, natural gas liquids production at natural gas processing plants, new supply of other hydrocarbons/oxygenates and motor gasoline blending components, and fuel ethanol blended into finished motor gasoline.
Flexicoking
thermal cracking process which converts heavy hydrocarbons such as crude oil, tar sands bitumen, and distillation residues into light hydrocarbons. Feedstocks can be any pumpable hydrocarbons including those containing high concentrations of sulfur and metals.
Fluid Coking
thermal cracking process utilizing the fluidized-solids technique to remove carbon (coke) for continuous conversion of heavy, low-grade oils into lighter products.
Represents input of material (crude oil, unfinished oils, natural gas liquids, other hydrocarbons and oxygenates or finished products) to processing units at a refinery that is being processed (input) into a particular unit for the first time.
Fuel Ethanol
An anhydrous alcohol (ethanol with less than 1% water) intended for gasoline blending as described in Oxygenates definition.
offers a variety of specialty fuels and fluids including racing fuels, reference fuels, performance fuels, and fire training fluids.
Fuels Solvent Deasphalting
refining process for removing asphalt compounds from petroleum fractions, such as reduced crude oil. The recovered stream from this process is used to produce fuel products.
liquid petroleum distillate having a viscosity intermediate between that of kerosene and lubricating oil. It derives its name from having originally been used in the manufacture of illuminating gas. It is now used to produce distillate fuel oils and gasoline.
blend of finished motor gasoline containing alcohol (generally ethanol but sometimes methanol) at a concentration of 10 percent or less by volume. Data on gasohol that has at least 2.7 percent oxygen, by weight, and is intended for sale inside carbon monoxide nonattainment areas are included in data on oxygenated gasoline. See Oxygenates.
Gasoline Blending Components
Naphthas which will be used for blending or compounding into finished aviation or motor gasoline (e.g., straight-run gasoline, alkylate, reformate, benzene, toluene, and xylene). Excludes oxygenates (alcohols, ethers), butane, and pentanes plus.
Gasoline Treated as Blendstock (GTAB): See Motor Gasoline Blending Components.
An imperfection in a film or sheet product characterized by a small globular mass not fully blended into the surrounding material.
The furnace-and-tube arrangement that provides the principal heating element in a processing unit.
Heavy Gas Oil
Petroleum distillates with an approximate boiling range from 651 degrees Fahrenheit to 1000 degrees Fahrenheit.
High-Sulfur Distillate Fuel Oil
Distillate fuel oil having sulfur content greater than 500 ppm.
Hydrodealkylation
The process of removing a methyl or larger alkyl group from a molecule as in the conversion of toluene to benzene.  hydrogen atom replaces the alkyl group.
The lightest of all gases, occurring chiefly in combination with oxygen in water; exists also in acids, bases, alcohols, petroleum, and other hydrocarbons.
The component of operable capacity that is not in operation and not under active repair, but capable of being placed in operation within 30 days; and capacity not in operation but under active repair that can be completed within 90 days.
Imported Crude Oil Burned As Fuel
The amount of foreign crude oil burned as a fuel oil, usually as residual fuel oil, without being processed as such. Imported crude oil burned as fuel includes lease condensate and liquid hydrocarbons produced from tar sands, gilsonite, and oil shale.
Receipts of crude oil and petroleum products into the 50 States and the District of Columbia from foreign countries, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and other possessions and territories.
A.k.a. retarder. An additive that retards or stops an undesired reaction such as spontaneous polymerization .
process for converting plastics into consumer goods, such as bottle caps and closures, pails, cups, solid plastic articles, and thin wall molded products.  The process involves forcing molten plastic material from a cylinder into a relatively cool cavity that gives the article the desired shape. The mold is released when the plastic has hardened.
normally gaseous branch-chain hydrocarbon. It is a colorless paraffinic gas that boils at a temperature of 10.9 degrees Fahrenheit. It is extracted from natural gas or refinery gas streams.
saturated branch-chain hydrocarbon. It is a colorless liquid that boils at a temperature of 156.2 degrees Fahrenheit.
Molecules having the same number and kind of atoms, but differing in the spatial arrangement as in n-butane and isobutane.
refining process which alters the fundamental arrangement of atoms in the molecule without adding or removing anything from the original material. Used to convert normal butane into isobutane (C4), an alkylation process feedstock, and normal pentane and hexane into isopentane (C5) and isohexane (C6), high-octane gasoline components.
Isopentane
Isoprene Feedstock
byproduct of ethylene production, isoprene feedstock is used to make isoprene, which in turn, is used to produce polyisoprene rubber for tires. produces isoprene feedstock at its Cedar Bayou and Sweeny facilities.
light petroleum distillate that is used in space heaters, cook stoves, and water heaters and is suitable for use as a light source when burned in wick-fed lamps. Kerosene has a maximum distillation temperature of 400 degrees Fahrenheit at the 10-percent recovery point, a final boiling point of 572 degrees Fahrenheit, and a minimum flash point of 100 degrees Fahrenheit. Included are No. 1-and No. 2-K, the two grades recognized by Specification 3699 as well as all other grades of kerosene called range or stove oil, which have properties similar to those of No. 1 fuel oil. See Kerosene-Type Jet Fuel.
Kerosene-Type Jet Fuel
kerosene-based product having a maximum distillation temperature of 400 degrees Fahrenheit at the 10-percent recovery point and a final maximum boiling point of 572 degrees Fahrenheit and meeting Specification 1655 and Military Specifications MIL-T-5624and MIL-T-83133(Grades JP-5 and JP-8). It is used for commercial and military turbojet and turboprop aircraft engines.
The process of extracting a soluble material by percolating a liquid through it to dissolve the material.  Later the liquid and dissolved materials are separated by various means.  Leaching is used to remove salts from ores.
Lease Condensate
mixture consisting primarily of pentanes and heavier hydrocarbons which is recovered as a liquid from natural gas in lease separation facilities. This category excludes natural gas liquids, such as butane and propane, which are recovered at downstream natural gas processing plants or facilities. See Natural Gas Liquids.
Light Gas Oils
Liquid Petroleum distillates heavier than naphtha, with an approximate boiling range from 401 degrees Fahrenheit to 650 degrees Fahrenheit.
group of hydrocarbon-based gases derived from crude oil refining or natural gas fractionation. They include: ethane, ethylene, propane, propylene, normal butane, butylene, isobutane, and isobutylene. For convenience of transportation, these gases are liquefied through pressurization.
Liquefied petroleum gases fractionated from refinery or still gases. Through compression and/ or refrigeration, they are retained in the liquid state. The reported categories are ethane/ethylene, propane/propylene, normal butane/ butylene, and isobutane/isobutylene. Excludes still gas.
Loop slurry
A.k.a. Slurry Loop Process.  proprietary process for making polyethylene .
Low-Sulfur Distillate Fuel Oil
Distillate fuel oil having sulfur content greater than 15 ppm to 500 ppm. Low sulfur distillate fuel oil also includes product with sulfur content equal to or less than 15 ppm if the product is intended for pipeline shipment and the pipeline has a sulfur specification below 15 ppm.
Lubricants
Substances used to reduce friction between bearing surfaces or as process materials either incorporated into other materials used as processing aids in the manufacture of other products, or used as carriers of other materials. Petroleum lubricants may be produced either from distillates or residues. Lubricants include all grades of lubricating oils from spindle oil to cylinder oil and those used in greases.
Flexible packaging resin used for blown and cast film, as well as extrusion coating/lamination.
Mercaptan
A.k.a. thiol. typically odorous sulfur compound used in diverse applications, ranging from agricultural supplements to polymerization modifiers. offers a wide range of mercaptan structures, including linear, branched, and functionalized.
Merchant Oxygenate Plants
Oxygenate production facilities that are not associated with a petroleum refinery. Production from these facilities is sold under contract or on the spot market to refiners or other gasoline blenders.
light, volatile alcohol intended for gasoline blending as described in Oxygenate definition.
general classification of refined petroleum products that includes distillate fuel oil and kerosene. Military Kerosene-Type Jet Fuel: See Kerosene-Type Jet Fuel.
Includes all finished products not classified elsewhere (e.g., petrolatum, lube refining byproducts (aromatic extracts and tars), absorption oils, ram-jet fuel, petroleum rocket fuels, synthetic natural gas feedstocks, and specialty oils). Note: Beginning with January 2004 data, naphtha-type jet fuel is included in Miscellaneous Products.
The mass of a specific defined as the weight of 6.02 x 1023 atoms or molecules of that chemical.
molecule of relatively simple structure and low molecular weight that is capable of being polymerized with itself or co-monomers into polymers, synthetic resins, or elastomers.  Examples of monomers include as ethylene, propylene, styrene, butadiene, and vinyl chloride.
Motor Gasoline (Finished): complex mixture of relatively volatile hydrocarbons with or without small quantities of additives, blended to form a fuel suitable for use in spark-ignition engines. Motor gasoline, as defined in Specification 4814 or Federal Specification VV-G-1690C, is characterized as having a boiling range of 122 to 158 degrees Fahrenheit at the 10 percent recovery point to 365 to 374 degrees Fahrenheit at the 90 percent recovery point. "Motor Gasoline" includes conventional gasoline; all types of oxygenated gasoline, including gasohol; and reformulated gasoline, but excludes aviation gasoline. Volumetric data on blending components, such as oxygenates, are not counted in data on finished motor gasoline until the blending components are blended into the gasoline. Note: E85 is included only in volumetric data on finished motor gasoline production and other components of product supplied.
Conventional Gasoline: Finished motor gasoline not included in the oxygenated or reformulated gasoline categories. Note: This category excludes reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygenate blending (RBOB) as well as other blendstock.
Ed 55 and Lower: Finished conventional motor gasoline blended with a maximum of 55 volume percent denatured fuel ethanol.
Greater than Ed55: Finished conventional motor gasoline blended with denatured fuel ethanol where the volume percent of denatured fuel ethanol exceeds 55%.
OPRG: "Oxygenated Fuels Program Reformulated Gasoline" is reformulated gasoline which is intended for use in an oxygenated fuels program control area.
Oxygenated Gasoline (Including Gasohol): Oxygenated gasoline includes all finished motor gasoline, other than reformulated gasoline, having oxygen content of 2.0 percent or higher by weight. Gasohol containing a minimum 5.7 percent ethanol by volume is included in oxygenated gasoline. Oxygenated gasoline was reported as a separate product from January 1993 until December 2003 inclusive. Beginning with monthly data for January 2004, oxygenated gasoline is included in conventional gasoline. Historical data for oxygenated gasoline excluded Federal Oxygenated Program Reformulated Gasoline (OPRG). Historical oxygenated gasoline data also excluded other reformulated gasoline with a seasonal oxygen requirement regardless of season.
Reformulated Gasoline: Finished gasoline formulated for use in motor vehicles, the composition and properties of which meet the requirements of the reformulated gasoline regulations promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency under Section 211(k) of the Clean Air Act. It includes gasoline produced to meet or exceed emissions performance and benzene content standards of federal-program reformulated gasoline even though the gasoline may not meet all of the composition requirements (e.g., oxygen content) of federal-program reformulated gasoline. Note: This category includes Oxygenated Fuels Program Reformulated Gasoline (OPRG). Reformulated gasoline excludes Reformulated Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (RBOB) and Gasoline Treated as Blendstock (GTAB).
Reformulated (Blended with Alcohol): Reformulated gasoline blended with an alcohol component (e.g., fuel ethanol) at a terminal or refinery to raise the oxygen content.
Reformulated (Blended with Ether): Reformulated gasoline blended with an ether component (e.g., methyl tertiary butyl ether) at a terminal or refinery to raise the oxygen content.
Reformulated (Non-Oxygenated): Reformulated gasoline without added ether or alcohol components. 
Motor Gasoline Blending
Mechanical mixing of motor gasoline blending components, and oxygenates when required, to produce finished motor gasoline. Finished motor gasoline may be further mixed with other motor gasoline blending components or oxygenates, resulting in increased volumes of finished motor gasoline and/ or changes in the formulation of finished motor gasoline (e.g., conventional motor gasoline mixed with to produce oxygenated motor gasoline).
Motor Gasoline Blending Components
Naphthas (e.g., straight-run gasoline, alkylate, reformate, benzene, toluene, xylene) used for blending or compounding into finished motor gasoline. These components include reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygenate blending (RBOB) but exclude oxygenates (alcohols, ethers), butane, and pentanes plus. Note: Oxygenates are reported as individual components and are included in the total for other hydrocarbons, hydrogens, and oxygenates.
Material Safety Data Sheet. (international: SDS) regulatory compliance document used to provide the physical and health hazards and exposure characteristics of a product to employees, customers, and known users. The document includes product name, content, physical properties, emergency and first aid procedures, and general safe handling  precautions, including known operational, maintenance, and personal protective equipment controls.
An ether intended for gasoline blending as described in Oxygenate definition.
generic term referring to a class of colorless, volatile, flammable liquid hydrocarbon mixtures. Naphtha is produced through fractionation of petroleum, natural gas, or coal tar and is one of the highest volume liquid fractions of crude oil.  Light naphtha (aka natural gasoline or straight run gasoline) generally ranges from C5-C7. Light naphtha is a major raw material for production of gasoline, petrochemicals (especially ethylene ), and  solvents . is also able to use light naphtha as a feedstock to its Aromax® process.
gaseous mixture of hydrocarbon compounds, the primary one being methane.
Natural Gas Field Facility
field facility designed to process natural gas produced from more than one lease for the purpose of recovering condensate from a stream of natural gas; however, some field facilities are designed to recover propane, normal butane, pentanes plus, etc., and to control the quality of natural gas to be marketed.
Natural Gas Liquids
Those hydrocarbons in natural gas that are separated from the gas as liquids through the process of absorption, condensation, adsorption, or other methods in gas processing or cycling plants. Generally such liquids consist of propane and heavier hydrocarbons and are commonly referred to as lease condensate, natural gasoline, and liquefied petroleum gases. Natural gas liquids include natural gas plant liquids (primarily ethane, propane, butane, and isobutane; see Natural Gas Plant Liquids) and lease condensate (primarily pentanes produced from natural gas at lease separators and field facilities; see Lease Condensate).
Natural Gas Plant Liquids
Those hydrocarbons in natural gas that are separated as liquids at natural gas processing plants, fractionating and cycling plants, and, in some instances, field facilities. Lease condensate is excluded. Products obtained include ethane; liquefied petroleum gases (propane, butanes, propane-butane mixtures, ethane-propane mixtures); isopentane; and other small quantities of finished products, such as motor gasoline, special naphthas, jet fuel, kerosene, and distillate fuel oil.
Natural Gas Processing Plant
Facilities designed to recover natural gas liquids from a stream of natural gas that may or may not have passed through lease separators and/or field separation facilities. These facilities control the quality of the natural gas to be marketed. Cycling plants are classified as gas processing plants.
Natural Gasoline and Isopentane
mixture of hydrocarbons, mostly pentanes and heavier, extracted from natural gas, that meets vapor pressure, end-point, and other specifications for natural gasoline set by the Gas Processors Association. Includes isopentane which is a saturated branch-chain hydrocarbon, (C5), obtained by fractionation of natural gasoline or isomerization of normal pentane.
The difference between total movements into and total movements out of each District by pipeline, tanker, and barge.
hydrocarbon chain containing a single unbranched chain of carbon atoms usually indicated by the prefix n-.
substance, such as thiol that is added to a substance to give it a detectable odor.  When you smell a gas leak, you are actually smelling the odorant added to it, as gas itself is odorless and therefore not easily detected.
class of unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons having one or more double bonds. Created by thermal cracking of naphtha or gas fractions. Examples: ethylene, propylene.
low molecular weight polymer molecule formed by reacting a monomer with a catalyst.  Oligomers consist of relatively few monomer units (dimer, trimer, tetramer, and up to about twelve) as compared with polymers. See alpha olefins .
An intergovernmental organization whose stated objective is to coordinate and unify petroleum policies of member countries. It was created at the Baghdad Conference on September 10–14, 1960. Current members (with years of membership) include Algeria (1969-present), Angola (2007-present), Ecuador (1973-1992 and 2007-present), Iran (1960-present), Iraq (1960-present), Kuwait (1960-present), Libya (1962-present), Nigeria (1971-present), Qatar (1961-present), Saudi Arabia (1960-present), United Arab Emirates (1967-present), and Venezuela (1960-present). Countries no longer members of include Gabon (1975-1994) and Indonesia (19622008).
Operable Capacity
The amount of capacity that, at the beginning of the period, is in operation; not in operation and not under active repair, but capable of being placed in operation within 30 days; or not in operation but under active repair that can be completed within 90 days. Operable capacity is the sum of the operating and idle capacity and is measured in barrels per calendar day or barrels per stream day.
Operable Utilization Rate
Represents the utilization of the atmospheric crude oil distillation units. The rate is calculated by dividing the gross input to these units by the operable refining capacity of the units.
Operating Capacity
The component of operable capacity that is in operation at the beginning of the period.
Operating Utilization Rate
Represents the utilization of the atmospheric crude oil distillation units. The rate is calculated by dividing the gross input to these units by the operating refining capacity of the units.
Organic compounds comprised of one or more a metals attached directly to at least one carbon atom.
mixture of polymer and plasticizer used for molding, such as (polyvinyl chloride).
A.k.a. o-xylene, 2-methyltoluene, 1,2-dimethylbenzene, or  An isomer of xylene . produces high purity o-xylene at its plant in Borger, TX.
Other Hydrocarbons
Materials received by a refinery and consumed as a raw material. Includes hydrogen, coal tar derivatives, gilsonite, and natural gas received by the refinery for reforming into hydrogen. Natural gas to be used as fuel is excluded.
Other Oils Equal To or Greater Than 401o F: See PetroFeedstocks.
Other Oxygenates
Other aliphatic alcohols and aliphatic ethers intended for motor gasoline blending (e.g., isopropyl ether (IPE) or n-propanol).
Substances which, when added to gasoline, increase the amount of oxygen in that gasoline blend. Fuel Ethanol, Methyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (MTBE), Ethyl Tertiary Butyl Ether (ETBE), and methanol are common oxygenates.
Fuel Ethanol: Blends of up to 10 percent by volume anhydrous ethanol (200 proof) (commonly referred to as the “gasohol waiver”).
Methanol: Blends of methanol and gasoline-grade tertiary butyl alcohol (GTBA) such that the total oxygen content does not exceed 3.5 percent by weight and the ratio of methanol to is less than or equal to 1. It is also specified that this blended fuel must meet volatility specifications (commonly referred to as the “ARCO” waiver).
Blends of up to 5.0 percent by volume methanol with a minimum of 2.5 percent by volume cosolvent alcohols having a carbon number of 4 or less (i.e., ethanol, propanol, butanol, and/or GTBA). The total oxygen must not exceed 3.7 percent by weight, and the blend must meet volatility specifications as well as phase separation and alcohol purity specifications (commonly referred to as the “DuPont” waiver).
(Methyl tertiary butyl ether): Blends up to 15.0 percent by volume which must meet the D4814 specifications. Blenders must take precautions that the blends are not used as base gasolines for other oxygenated blends (commonly referred to as the “Sun” waiver).
Pentanes Plus
mixture of hydrocarbons, mostly pentanes and heavier, extracted from natural gas. Includes isopentane, natural gasoline, and plant condensate.
Performance Fuels meet many established industry and military specifications. The also formulates fuels designed to meet API, EPA, CARB, IP, ISO, DIN, ECE, and other specifications.
The countries that comprise the Persian Gulf are: Bahrain, Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.
feedstocks derived from petroleum principally for the manufacture of chemicals, synthetic rubber, and a variety of plastics. The categories reported are "Naphtha Less Than 401o F" and "Other Oils Equal To or Greater Than 401o F."
residue high in carbon content and low in hydrogen that is the final product of thermal decomposition in the condensation process in cracking. This product is reported as marketable coke or catalyst coke. The conversion is 5 barrels (of 42 gallons each) per short ton. Coke from petroleum has a heating value of 6.024 million Btu per barrel.
Catalyst Coke: In many catalytic operations (e.g., catalytic cracking) carbon is deposited on the catalyst, thus deactivating the catalyst. The catalyst is reactivated by burning off the carbon, which is used as a fuel in the refining process. This carbon or coke is not recoverable in a concentrated form.
Marketable Coke: Those grades of coke produced in delayed or fluid cokers which may be recovered as relatively pure carbon. This “green” coke may be sold as is or further purified by calcining.
Petroleum products are obtained from the processing of crude oil (including lease condensate), natural gas, and other hydrocarbon compounds. Petroleum products include unfinished oils, liquefied petroleum gases, pentanes plus, aviation gasoline, motor gasoline, naphtha-type jet fuel, kerosene-type jet fuel, kerosene, distillate fuel oil, residual fuel oil, petrofeedstocks, special naphthas, lubricants, waxes, petroleum coke, asphalt, road oil, still gas, and miscellaneous products.
Phenolics
class of thermoset resins made by the condensation of phenol or phenol-containing compounds with aldehydes such as acetaldehyde or formaldehyde.
Pipeline (Petroleum)
Crude oil and product pipelines used to transport crude oil and petroleum products respectively, (including interstate, intrastate, and intrapipelines) within the 50 States and the District of Columbia.
Plant Condensate
One of the natural gas liquids, mostly pentanes and heavier hydrocarbons, recovered and separated as liquids at gas inlet separators or scrubbers in processing plants.
Plasticizers
Compounds added to high molecular weight polymers to give them flexibility, softness, and stretch.  Plasticizers can be added mechanically at the compounding or shaping stage or chemically by co-polymerization.
Polyalphaolefins
A.k.a. synthetic hydrocarbon widely used for high-quality synthetic lubricants and hydraulic fluid, having excellent lubricity and oxidative stability, first developed commercially by Gulf Oil Products Co., now Co. LP.
large molecule formed by reaction of one or more lower molecular weight reagents of five or more several identical combining units ( monomers ).
reaction, typically catalytic in nature in which monomers and possibly co-monomers are reacted to form a high molecular weight material.  It can occur spontaneously or by introduction of reactive substances.
Polypropylene
A.k.a. Found in everything from flexible and rigid packaging to fibers and large molded parts for automotive and consumer articles, polypropylene is a low-density plastic.
A.k.a. versatile plastic derived from styrene that can be produced as foam or rigid packaging. produces and markets general-purpose polystyrene for use in containers, lids, cups, and other applications.
Polysulfides
In addition to their use as catalyst sulfidation agents, polysulfides are commonly used in the formulation of lubricant additives for extreme pressure functionality.  Chemical’s polysulfides are of the general formula RSnR, where is a linear or branched alkyl group and n = 3-5.  The name polysulfides also refers to substances of general structure (R-S-R-S-R)n where is an alkyl group.  From this molecule class, offers only one product: Ryton® polyphenylene sulfide.
The volumetric amount by which total output is greater than input for a given period of time. This difference is due to the processing of crude oil into products which, in total, have a lower specific gravity than the crude oil processed.
The volumetric amount by which total refinery output is less than input for a given period of time. This difference is due to the processing of crude oil into products which, in total, have a higher specific gravity than the crude oil processed.
Crude oil burned on leases and by pipelines as fuel.
Approximately represents consumption of petroleum products because it measures the disappearance of these products from primary sources, i.e., refineries, natural gas processing plants, blending plants, pipelines, and bulk terminals. In general, product supplied of each product in any given period is computed as follows: field production, plus refinery production, plus imports, plus unaccounted for crude oil, (plus net receipts when calculated on a District basis), minus stock change, minus crude oil losses, minus refinery inputs, minus exports.
normally gaseous straight-chain hydrocarbon. It is a colorless paraffinic gas that boils at a temperature of - 43.67 degrees Fahrenheit. It is extracted from natural gas or refinery gas streams. It includes all products designated in Specification D1835 and Gas Processors Association Specifications for commercial propane and HD-5 propane.
Propylene is an olefin molecule of formula C3H6 produced from natural gas liquids and refinery streams in steam crackers. uses propylene internally to manufacture polyethylene , polypropylene , alpha olefins , and styrene and sells it to external customers who produce these and other materials such as polyester, acrylics, ethylene glycol antifreeze, polyvinyl chloride (PVC), propylene oxide, oxo alcohols, and isopropanol. 
product characteristic measured as 100% minus the sum of impurities proscribed in a given specification.
process in which high heat alone (i.e. without oxygen) is used to transform one compound into one or more lower molecular weight materials.
A.k.a. pygas. by-product of ethylene production used as a source for benzene .
Chemical’s proprietary racing fuel for high-performance engines such as racecars, trucks, motorcycles, ATVs, boats, jet skis and snowmobiles.  Racing Fuels are 100% petroleum derived hydrocarbons and contain detergent additives, corrosion inhibitors, and antioxidant additives that are added in concentrations similar to those found in commercial fuels.
which in the pure state, or as produced or transported, will vigorously polymerize, oligomerize, oxidize, decompose, condense, or will otherwise be readily converted to another material if contacted with a second reagent, or if conditions are suitable to sustain a reaction (including shock, pressure or temperature). 
reference fuels heestablish the quality of transportation vehicle fuels in standardized test procedures. The  supplies a broad range of reference fuels and fluids, including primary and secondary standards for gasoline, diesel, and aviation fuel. It also supplies a variety of test fluids used as reagents in various ASTM, SAE, and MilSpec tests.
An installation that manufactures finished petroleum products from crude oil, unfinished oils, natural gas liquids, other hydrocarbons, and oxygenates.
The raw materials and intermediate materials processed at refineries to produce finished petroleum products. They include crude oil, products of natural gas processing plants, unfinished oils, other hydrocarbons and oxygenates, motor gasoline and aviation gasoline blending components and finished petroleum products.
Petroleum products produced at a refinery or blending plant. Published production of these products equals refinery production minus refinery input. Negative production will occur when the amount of a product produced during the month is less than the amount of that same product that is reprocessed (input) or reclassified to become another product during the same month. Refinery production of unfinished oils, and motor and aviation gasoline blending components appear on a net basis under refinery input.
Refinery yield (expressed as a percentage) represents the percent of finished product produced from input of crude oil and net input of unfinished oils. It is calculated by dividing the sum of crude oil and net unfinished input into the individual net production of finished products. Before calculating the yield for finished motor gasoline, the input of natural gas liquids, other hydrocarbons and oxygenates, and net input of motor gasoline blending components must be subtracted from the net production of finished motor gasoline. Before calculating the yield for finished aviation gasoline, input of aviation gasoline blending components must be subtracted from the net production of finished aviation gasoline.
mixed composition stream produced by a catalytic or thermal reformer. Reformate is a feedstock for benzene and xylenes .
Renewable Diesel Fuel
Diesel fuel and diesel fuel blending components produced from renewable sources that are coprocessed with petroleum feedstocks and meet requirements of advanced biofuels.
Fuels and fuel blending components, except biomass-based diesel fuel, renewable diesel fuel, and fuel ethanol, produced from renewable biomass.
Residual Fuel Oil
general classification for the heavier oils, known as No. 5 and No. 6 fuel oils, that remain after the distillate fuel oils and lighter hydrocarbons are distilled away in refinery operations. It conforms to Specifications 396 and 975 and Federal Specification VV-F-815No. 5, a residual fuel oil of medium viscosity, is also known as Navy Special and is defined in Military Specification MIL-F-859E, including Amendment 2 (Symbol F-770). It is used in steam-powered vessels in government service and inshore power plants. No. 6 fuel oil includes Bunker fuel oil and is used for the production of electric power, space heating, vessel bunkering, and various industrial purposes.
Residue from crude oil after distilling off all but the heaviest components, with a boiling range greater than 1000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Any heavy petroleum oil, including residual asphaltic oil used as a dust palliative and surface treatment on roads and highways. It is generally produced in six grades from 0, the most liquid, to 5, the most viscous.
high-temperature, low-pressure process used to form hollow parts through the application of heat to biaxially rotated molds. Articles manufactured this way include recreational equipment and storage tanks for agriculture, industrial chemicals or waste.
Chemical’s proprietary trademark for its line of odorants used to give natural gas and propane a distinctive odor.
Shell Storage Capacity
The design capacity of a petroleum storage tank which is always greater than or equal to working storage capacity.
Chemical’s proprietary brand of drilling mud additive.  Soltex® additive is used in water, oil and synthetic-based drilling fluids to stabilize shale formations and increase hole lubricity for oil and gas drilling.
Chemical’s proprietary trademark for its line of isoparaffin solvents used for parts cleaning and degreasing applications as well as solvents in inks, paints, and agrochemicals.
substance that has been completely dissolved in a solvent.
substance, typically in the liquid state, capable of dissolving another substance. solvents are made of building blocks (e.g. ethylene, propylene and butene).  Their molecular structures are well defined and they are sold based their specifications.
Special Naphthas
All finished products within the naphtha boiling range that are used as paint thinners, cleaners, or solvents. These products are refined to a specified flash point. Special naphthas include all commercial hexane and cleaning solvents conforming to Specification D1836 and D484, respectively. Naphthas to be blended or marketed as motor gasoline or aviation gasoline, or that are to be used as petroand synthetic natural gas (SNG) feedstocks are excluded.
A.k.a. spec, spec sheet, or product spec. specification is a list of product quality measures that represent a requirement if designated by a user and a guarantee if designated by a producer. Qualities of interest may include one or more characteristics such as density, specific impurities, melting point, boiling point, flash point, or color. The listed qualities generally predict product performance. When referring to a product sample, specification indicates the characteristics of the sample as determined by lab testing. See Technical Data Sheet .
Steam, purchased for use by a refinery, that was not generated from within the refinery complex.
Still Gas (Refinery Gas)
Any form or mixture of gases produced in refineries by distillation, cracking, reforming, and other processes. The principal constituents are methane, ethane, ethylene, normal butane, butylene, propane, propylene, etc. Still gas is used as a refinery fuel and a petrofeedstock. The conversion factor is 6 million BTU’s per fuel oil equivalent barrel.
The difference between stocks at the beginning of the reporting period and stocks at the end of the reporting period. Note: negative number indicates a decrease (i.e., a drawdown) in stocks and a positive number indicates an increase (i.e., a buildup) in stocks during the reporting period.
Stoichiometry
calculation commonly used in chemistry in which the moles of one are compared to the moles of a second chemical.
Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR)
Petroleum stocks maintained by the Federal Government for use during periods of major supply interruption.
An aromatic monomer derived from benzene and ethylene used to produce a wide variety of polymers with diverse end uses that include packaging, automotive applications, electronic parts, rubber articles, paper, housewares, tires, luggage, construction materials, carpeting, and toys.
yellowish nonmetallic element, sometimes known as “brimstone.” It is present at various levels of concentration in many fossil fuels whose combustion releases sulfur compounds that are considered harmful to the environment. Some of the most commonly used fossil fuels are categorized according to their sulfur content, with lower sulfur fuels usually selling at a higher price. Note: No. 2 Distillate fuel is currently reported as having either a 0.05 percent or lower sulfur level for on-highway vehicle use or a greater than 0.05 percent sulfur level for off- highway use, home heating oil, and commercial and industrial uses. Residual fuel, regardless of use, is classified as having either no more than 1 percent sulfur or greater than 1 percent sulfur. Coal is also classified as being low-sulfur at concentrations of 1 percent or less or high-sulfur at concentrations greater than 1 percent.
The components of petroleum supply are field production, refinery production, imports, and net receipts when calculated on a District basis.
Any compound that reduces the surface tension between two liquids or between a liquid and a solid when it is dissolved into the liquid.  Surfactants can be wetting agents, emulsifiers, or detergents.
Synfuid® PAO
An oxygenate blend stock formed by the catalytic etherification of isoamylene with methanol.
An installation used by gathering and trunk pipeline companies, crude oil producers, and terminal operators (except refineries) to store crude oil.
Vessels that transport crude oil or petroleum products. Data are reported for movements between Districts; from a District to the Panama Canal; or from the Panama Canal to a District.
An alcohol primarily used as a feedstock, a solvent or feedstock for isobutylene production for MTBE; produced as a co-product of propylene oxide production or by direct hydration of isobutylene.
Technical Data Sheet
A.k.a. or Tech Data Sheet. listing of typical and guaranteed characteristics of a product as manufactured by a specific facility or company.  See specification .
refining process in which heat and pressure are used to break down, rearrange, or combine hydrocarbon molecules. Thermal cracking includes gas oil, visbreaking, fluid coking, delayed coking, and other thermal cracking processes (e.g., flexicoking). See individual categories for definition.
Thermoplastics
Polymers that can be resoftened by the application of heat or pressure and can be dissolved into solvents.
high-octane aromatic product formed by catalytic reforming of petroleum or by fractional distillation of coal tar light oil.  Used as an octane enhancer in the refined products industry.  In the industry, toluene is a raw material for benzene , xylene , p-xylene and solvents.
Toluene disproportionation
A.k.a.  reaction in which toluene is converted to benzene and xylene .
Ultra-Low-Sulfur Distillate Fuel Oil
Distillate fuel oil having sulfur content of 15 ppm or lower. Ultra-low sulfur distillate fuel oil that will be shipped by pipeline must satisfy the sulfur specification of the shipping pipeline if the pipeline specification is below 15 ppm. Distillate fuel oil intended for pipeline shipment that fails to meet a pipeline sulfur specification that is below 15 ppm will be classified as low-sulfur distillate fuel oil.
Represents the arithmetic difference between the calculated supply and the calculated disposition of crude oil. The calculated supply is the sum of crude oil production plus imports minus changes in crude oil stocks. The calculated disposition of crude oil is the sum of crude oil input to refineries, crude oil exports, crude oil burned as fuel, and crude oil losses.
All oils requiring further processing, except those requiring only mechanical blending. Unfinished oils are produced by partial refining of crude oil and include naphthas and lighter oils, kerosene and light gas oils, heavy gas oils, and residuum.
Unfractionated Streams
Mixtures of unsegregated natural gas liquid components excluding, those in plant condensate. This product is extracted from natural gas.
United States
The United States is defined as the 50 States and the District of Columbia.
Distillation under reduced pressure (less the atmospheric) which lowers the boiling temperature of the liquid being distilled. This technique with its relatively low temperatures prevents cracking or decomposition of the charge stock.
Compounds containing one or more the unsaturated end groups commonly referred to as vinyl or olefin groups. Examples: vinyl chloride, vinyl acetate, acrylonitrile , and styrene .  These highly reactive compounds polymerize easily and are the basis for important plastics such as and polystyrene .
thermal cracking process in which heavy atmospheric or vacuum-still bottoms are cracked at moderate temperatures to increase production of distillate products and reduce viscosity of the distillation residues.
solid or semi-solid material at 77 degrees Fahrenheit consisting of a mixture of hydrocarbons obtained or derived from petroleum fractions, or through a Fischer-Tropsch type process, in which the straight-chained paraffin series predominates. This includes all marketable wax, whether crude or refined, with a congealing point (938) between 80 (or 85) and 240 degrees Fahrenheit and a maximum oil content (3235) of 50 weight percent. Maximum safe fill capacity and the quantity below which pump suction is ineffective (bottoms).
A.k.a. mixed xylenes or benzene co-product usually extracted or distilled from reformate or created by toluene disproportionation . Xylene is an aromatic comprised of three isomers : p-xylene , o-xylene , and m-xylene (metaxylene).  Mixed xylenes vary in composition and include a variety of impurities with ethylbenzene being the largest. The mixture is processed to concentrate and separate the isomers with p-xylene being the most desired product. Mixed xylenes are used directly as an octane enhancer in gasoline or as a solvent .
natural or artificial compound that is comprised of an aluminosilicate.  Common zeolites include those used as molecular sieves, used in the industry as solid acid catalysts and as gas or liquid impurity adsorbents , such as drying agents and catalysts.
Thank you for your interest in visiting Chemical's Headquarters facility in The Woodlands, Texas. Please pre-arrange the details of your visit with your host prior to your arrival. For your information and convenience, the following information is provided as a courtesy to save you time when you arrive on our campus.
offers on-site parking in a multi-level garage for employees, contractors and visitors. Visitors must push the call button at the entrance gate to the garage to notify security of their arrival. There are no assigned parking spaces. Handicapped parking is marked.
Please adhere to the following rules and obey all signs while driving on Headquarters’ property:
• No cell phone use while driving
• Firearms and drugs are strictly prohibited
• Yield to pedestrians
• Do not park large or extended vehicles on the ramp or end parking spots
In addition, all cars are subject to random searches. Please be aware the garage ceiling clearance changes from 8 feet 2 inches on the 1st level to 7 feet 2 inches at the entrance to the ramp leading to the second level.
​Signs are posted in the parking garage to direct the flow of traffic.
Visitor parking is available on the first level of the west side of the parking garage. If a space is not available, then you may park in any open space that is not restricted for handicap, car pool or van pool parking. Drivers should not leave their vehicles unattended at any time in front of the building.
​Stairs are located at both the north and south ends of the parking garage. Be sure to hold the handrail at all times when using the stairwells. An elevator is also available and is located in the north east corner of the parking garage.
designated smoking area is located on the first level of the garage at the south end as smoking is not permitted within the building.
To ensure your safety during your visit, you are required to view a visitor’s safety orientation video.  Please arrive at least 15 minutes early for your visit to ensure adequate time to check in.
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Bartlesville
Sweeny/Old Ocean
Tessenderlo
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure On July 1, 2000, Corporation and Petroleum Company, now 66, combined its worldwide petrochemicals businesses, excluding Chevron’s oronite additives business, to form and 66 each own 50 percent of Chemical. Our owners’ strong reputations and traditions of excellence position us well for growth and success. 
66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics with a portfolio of integrated businesses: Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties. The processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. 66 Partners, its master limited partnership, is an integral part of the portfolio.
Headquartered in San Ramon, California, Corporation is the the second-largest integrated energy in the United States and among the largest corporations in the world. With a net income of $21.42 billion in 2013, is involved in upstream activities including exploration and production, downstream activities including refining, marketing and transportation, and advanced energy technology. is also invested in power generation and gasification processes.
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Diversity & Inclusion
Our employees and our business thrive on a blend of experience levels, cultures, talents, perspectives and decision-making styles. 
We encourage global communication between our employees because the best solutions are developed when people from a variety of backgrounds come together to build upon each other’s knowledge. Much like the blending of high-quality ingredients makes a superior product, blending the unique skills and talents of a diverse workforce creates a superior company.
Diversity in all its possibilities is valued at Chemical. It is fundamental to the quality of our products and services, and it is crucial to our continued success. We are committed to fostering an inclusive workplace, and our behaviors are guided by our principles.
has developed a set of principles to guide our behavior. These principles are collectively known by the acronym ICARE.
 – Assure everyone on the team is a part of the team; pertains to how we make decisions.
 – Heeach other to succeed; relates to how we work together.
 – Assure our own and others’ behaviors contribute to a positive, diversity-friendly workplace; pertains to how we manage our environment.
 – Treat others with dignity and consideration; relates to how we treat each other.
– Exhibit these behaviors in every encounter, every day.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Health & Safety
Integrity & Compliance
Letter from Our of Sustainability
Sustainability Focal Points
Chemical’s Sustainability Report contains information on the 
company’s performance in the following areas: environment, social, safety, product stewardship and financial results. Our goal is to communicate our business strategy of sustainable growth and demonstrate that since our formation in 2000, we have focused on continuous improvement in all areas of our operations. 
This report reflects the company’s efforts during the 2017 calendar year. The previous reports can be found online at 
. Any information, including references to prior years is provided for context only. The report includes information on wholly-owned operations as well as joint venture operations where pursuant to contract, employees participate in the operations and/or management of the facilities. 
Report boundaries and measurement methods are similar in all reports. Our report follows Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 3.1 guidelines. 
We strive to be transparent and engage with our stakeholders on their issues of concern in a manner that is positive and constructive. We also respond throughout the year to direct requests from environmental, social and governance research agencies, shareholders, non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and individual students regarding the company’s environment, health and safety and social responsibility policies, programs and performance. 
This summary and additional information can be found at 
Global Sustainability Manager
The Woodlands, 77380
For general inquiries: 
Health & Safety
Integrity & Compliance
Sustainability Focal Points
Sustainability Home
Letter from our of Sustainability
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure Mission
has in place a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) designed to facilitate orderly resumption of normal business operations and functions following any event that impacts or potentially impacts business operations.
The Business Continuity Plan endeavors to advance the following objectives:
Enable the to satisfy business obligations to employees, customers, and other business associations and communities throughout the business continuity event and related recovery processes.
Provide the with viable and well-maintained plans to support a timely and effective recovery of interrupted operations.
Minimize adverse impacts to the as a result of an interruption of normal business operations.
Mitigate the effects of an interruption on the company’s time-sensitive business operations and functions by providing a set of pre-defined and flexible guidelines and procedures to be used in managing recovery processes.
Resume time-sensitive business operations and associated support functions to ensure business continuity, stability of earnings and planned growth.
Resume technology operations and support for time-sensitive business functions, in the event existing technology processing has been rendered inoperable.
The scope of the includes time-sensitive business and manufacturing functions, automated technology, and support areas of Chemical. The plan will be activated in the event that the is involved in a qualifying emergency that affects or potentially affects normal operations.
Review existing processes, develop exercise and planning scenarios involving the Business Continuity Steering Committee, evaluate results, and modify plans accordingly.
Submit annual Letters of Representation by business unit representatives attesting to Plans.
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Community Involvement
 to be taken to Adobe's website.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure is donating $100,000 to the planned Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, which will open in 2017 near our Headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. We are proud to provide support to hebuild this hospital! bit.ly/1tABl2E
Our Kingwood Research & Technology Center donated through the Humble Education Foundation to fund three 3printers to be used in multiple technology classes at Atascocita High School.
Nail by nail, our employees are making progress on our 3rd Habitat for Humanity House!  We are committed to being a good neighbor and a stimulus for positive change around the world.
Backpacks filled with food
Our Port Arthur plant donated $10,000 to hefund a local food bank’s program to send dozens of children home with backpacks filled with food each weekend to supplement their family's supply of food.
Cedar Bayou Plant "Lives United" in Baytown
Cedar Bayou Plant employees stood by the motto "Live United" as they joined forces to make a significant contribution to the Baytown United Way.
We commissioned artist Earl Jones to create a beautiful sculpture from a tree where the Emancipation Proclamation was read at the Sweeny Plantation in 1865. The tree died a natural death, but its historical significance lives on.
The West Chambers County Chamber of Commerce named our Cedar Bayou plant the “of the Year” for contributions they made to the community in 2012. Plant Manager Van Long is shown holding the award at the Chamber’s celebration banquet.
Veterans from CPChem’s Cedar Bayou facility held a care package drive for seven military units stationed overseas. Hundreds of comfort items were collected for the soldiers.
Across CPChem, employees donate their personal time volunteering in the communities where they live and work. In 2012, employees at our headquarters contributed more than 3,000 volunteer hours.
CPChem recently donated 12,000 pounds of polyethylene resin to the Detroit Section of the Society of Plastics Engineers to make toy cars for more than 30,000 needy children in the state of Michigan.
Donating to local colleges
We donated $100,000 to Wharton County Junior College for a new distillation lab for the Process Technology Program.
Many of our facilities got into the holiday spirit by lending a helping hand to others in the community.  These are pictures of toys that employees at several of our sites donated and wrapped for children in need.
Food for Families
Employees at the Borger Plant collected a trailer full of food for local families, helping to meet the needs of the local food bank and several charities in the area.
Employees and contractors from Chemical's Pasadena Plastics Complex spent the day rebuilding a community member's fence after it was damaged during a storm.
Preparing for hurricanes
First responders from our Pasadena, Texas facility brought one of their fire trucks to a local hurricane preparedness and safety workshop. Attendees toured the truck while learning about CPChem’s safety program.
Raising Money For Good Cause
As a social and philanthropic organization, the Jane Society’s Channel Chapter at CPChem’s Pasadena, Texas, facility recently raised more than $4,000 for The Rose, a local non-profit breast cancer organization.
CPChem’s S-Chem facility in Jubail, Saudi Arabia stepped up as the diamond sponsor of the Saudi Arabian Boy Scouts’ two-day event, the National Scout Project for Cleaning and Protecting the Environment.
<DIV>Performance Pipe's self-named "seamsters" sew festive pillowcases for local rehabilitation centers to brighten patients' spirits and rooms. The group meets on Thursday evenings and recently completed their 100th pillowcase!</DIV>
group of CPChem process engineers conducted fun chemistry experiments with fourth graders at a school in Pasadena, to stimulate interest in science and demonstrate how the concepts students are learning now translate in the real world.
Sweeny Employees Donate Toys
CPChem employees organize toy drives to provide bikes, dolls, games and other gifts to children in need during the holiday season. Employees donated these toys to dozens of children in custody of the local Child Protective Services.
Teaching children about chemistry
An employee from our Bartlesville Research and Technology Center recently traveled to an orphanage in South Africa to talk to the children about chemistry and do some hands-on chemistry experiments.
Technical Literature Donation
When our Kingwood Research and Technology Center closed down its library, since technical literature is now online, we donated more than 300 surplus technical books and periodicals to a nearby library to sell in its used bookstore.
These Boots Were Made for Running
More than 75 employees in the greater Houston area participated in ConocoPhillips' annual Rodeo Run in support of the Houston Livestock Show &amp; Rodeo scholarship fund.is donating $100,000 to the planned Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, which will open in 2017 near our Headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas. We are proud to provide support to hebuild this hospital! bit.ly/1tABl2E
Our Kingwood Research & Technology Center donated through the Humble Education Foundation to fund three 3printers to be used in multiple technology classes at Atascocita High School.
Nail by nail, our employees are making progress on our 3rd Habitat for Humanity House!  We are committed to being a good neighbor and a stimulus for positive change around the world.
Backpacks filled with food
Our Port Arthur plant donated $10,000 to hefund a local food bank’s program to send dozens of children home with backpacks filled with food each weekend to supplement their family's supply of food.
Cedar Bayou Plant "Lives United" in Baytown
Cedar Bayou Plant employees stood by the motto "Live United" as they joined forces to make a significant contribution to the Baytown United Way.
We commissioned artist Earl Jones to create a beautiful sculpture from a tree where the Emancipation Proclamation was read at the Sweeny Plantation in 1865. The tree died a natural death, but its historical significance lives on.
The West Chambers County Chamber of Commerce named our Cedar Bayou plant the “of the Year” for contributions they made to the community in 2012. Plant Manager Van Long is shown holding the award at the Chamber’s celebration banquet.
Veterans from CPChem’s Cedar Bayou facility held a care package drive for seven military units stationed overseas. Hundreds of comfort items were collected for the soldiers.
Across CPChem, employees donate their personal time volunteering in the communities where they live and work. In 2012, employees at our headquarters contributed more than 3,000 volunteer hours.
CPChem recently donated 12,000 pounds of polyethylene resin to the Detroit Section of the Society of Plastics Engineers to make toy cars for more than 30,000 needy children in the state of Michigan.
Donating to local colleges
We donated $100,000 to Wharton County Junior College for a new distillation lab for the Process Technology Program.
Many of our facilities got into the holiday spirit by lending a helping hand to others in the community.  These are pictures of toys that employees at several of our sites donated and wrapped for children in need.
Food for Families
Employees at the Borger Plant collected a trailer full of food for local families, helping to meet the needs of the local food bank and several charities in the area.
Employees and contractors from Chemical's Pasadena Plastics Complex spent the day rebuilding a community member's fence after it was damaged during a storm.
Preparing for hurricanes
First responders from our Pasadena, Texas facility brought one of their fire trucks to a local hurricane preparedness and safety workshop. Attendees toured the truck while learning about CPChem’s safety program.
Raising Money For Good Cause
As a social and philanthropic organization, the Jane Society’s Channel Chapter at CPChem’s Pasadena, Texas, facility recently raised more than $4,000 for The Rose, a local non-profit breast cancer organization.
CPChem’s S-Chem facility in Jubail, Saudi Arabia stepped up as the diamond sponsor of the Saudi Arabian Boy Scouts’ two-day event, the National Scout Project for Cleaning and Protecting the Environment.
<DIV>Performance Pipe's self-named "seamsters" sew festive pillowcases for local rehabilitation centers to brighten patients' spirits and rooms. The group meets on Thursday evenings and recently completed their 100th pillowcase!</DIV>
group of CPChem process engineers conducted fun chemistry experiments with fourth graders at a school in Pasadena, to stimulate interest in science and demonstrate how the concepts students are learning now translate in the real world.
Sweeny Employees Donate Toys
CPChem employees organize toy drives to provide bikes, dolls, games and other gifts to children in need during the holiday season. Employees donated these toys to dozens of children in custody of the local Child Protective Services.
Teaching children about chemistry
An employee from our Bartlesville Research and Technology Center recently traveled to an orphanage in South Africa to talk to the children about chemistry and do some hands-on chemistry experiments.
Technical Literature Donation
When our Kingwood Research and Technology Center closed down its library, since technical literature is now online, we donated more than 300 surplus technical books and periodicals to a nearby library to sell in its used bookstore.
These Boots Were Made for Running
More than 75 employees in the greater Houston area participated in ConocoPhillips' annual Rodeo Run in support of the Houston Livestock Show &amp; Rodeo scholarship fund.Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
History of Loop Slurry Technology
 In 1951, research chemists Paul Hogan and Robert Banks were working to improve yields of high-octane gasoline when they serendipitously invented two of the world’s most essential plastics - polypropylene and high-density polyethylene. From that initial discovery, came the development of the first commercially feasible polymerization process. 
Today, research and development teams continue to develop more cost-effective ways to manufacture polyethylene. In the past ten years, the company’s scientists and engineers have implemented more than 100 separate improvements which have led to increased production, improved economy-of-scale due to major increases in the maximum reactor size, and significant decreases in the amount of energy and feedstock consumption required per pound of polymer.  
Discovery of high density polyethylene (HDPE) chrome catalyst​
Developed solution process for HDPE
Commercialized loop slurry process for HDPE
Developed Ziegler-type catalysts 
Robert Banks and Paul Hogan received the Perkin Medal for their ground-breaking catalyst and process work that ushered in the era of polypropylene (PP) and HDPE​
First commercial production of low density linear polyethylene (LDLPE) in a loop. Based on in-situ hexene technology, yields exceptional impact resistance and easier film processing
Introduced mas mPact® metallocene-based polyethylene which can be made into one of the clearest, toughest films in the world
Discovered a new, low cost way of activating metallocenes 
Formation of from the chemicals and plastics divisions of Petroleum and Corporation
Commissioned 320 single-train MarTECH™ technology unit in Texas, USA
Hosted largest Information Exchange meeting in history with more than 140 attendees
igned cross-license agreement with Total, making the exclusive licensor of the Advanced Dual Loop (ADL) technology
Commissioned two 550 MarTECH™ technology loop slurry units, the largest reactors in the world
nnounced plans for two 500 polyethylene units in Old Ocean, Texas incorporating metallocene and technologies
announced the use of the MarTECH™ trademark for its loop slurry technology 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Chemical: Financial Information
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Community Involvement
does not make its financial statements available to the general public. However, summarized financial performance information is provided below.
Chemical, through its subsidiaries and equity affiliates, manufactures and markets a wide range of petrochemicals on a worldwide basis, with manufacturing facilities in Belgium, Colombia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United States. is a limited liability formed in 2000 under Delaware law and is owned 50 percent by Inc. (Chevron), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Corporation, and 50 percent by 66 (P66Co), a wholly owned subsidiary of 66.
The is governed by its Board of Directors (the Board) under the terms of a limited liability agreement.  There are three voting representatives appointed by each of and P66Co, and the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer of the are non-voting representatives. Certain major decisions and actions require the approval of the Board. All decisions and actions of the Board require the approval of at least one representative from each of and P66Co. 
Selected financial data for Chemical, in millions of dollars, is as follows: 
Sales and Other Operating Revenues
Annual Sales and Other Operating Revenues
Current Assets
Current Liabilities
Debt-to-Capital Ratio
Selected financial data will be updated quarterly on the following dates, which are subject to change:
February 22, 2019​
has received debt ratings from Standard & Poor's Ratings Services (Standard & Poor's) and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (Moody's) as follows:
Long-Term Debt
Standard & Poor's
General information concerning is available through Dun & Bradstreet under number 03-891-2866. Further questions can be addressed to the Treasurer at 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure Page Image
At Chemical, we believe that real benefits can be gained by establishing effective relationships in our communities. That is why the corporation donates funds to worthy causes and we encourage employees to similarly make a positive impact. Since the company’s inception, has invested more than $15 million (and countless volunteer hours) in communities where we live and work. In all, we recognize that establishing sound partnerships with our neighbors – in our international, national, and local communities – provides for a lasting relationship built on trust and goodwill.
Goals of support and involvement:
Preserve and strengthen the economy and our economic system, and encourage private enterprise and individual initiative
Promote a healthy community environment – including viable civic, cultural, educational, health and human service institutions and undertakings
Enhance international understanding and cooperation
Assist colleges and universities that contribute to the success of the Encourage educational excellence and promote a favorable educational environment
Assist in recruiting well-qualified personnel and encourage increased student enrollment in science, engineering and other disciplines related to the company's interest.
Promote basic research related to the various interests of the and the community
Promote educational opportunities for women and minorities in professional disciplines utilized by the industry.
These guidelines cover community investments made to charitable organizations, colleges, universities, education-related organizations, and public-service groups.Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Community Involvement
Mark Lashier
President & Chief Executive Officer
Executive Vice President, Manufacturing
Senior Vice President, Petrochemicals
Senior Vice President, Legal and Public Affairs, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
Senior Vice President, Research & Technology
Senior Vice President, Polymers & Specialties
Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning & Technology
Vice President of Human Resources
Peggy Colsman
Vice President & Chief Information Officer, Information Technology
Kate Holzhauser
Vice President, Environment, Health, Safety and Security (EHS&S)
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
is becoming increasingly diverse. With 38 manufacturing and research facilities in eight countries and a workforce of approximately 5,000, the diversity of our employees mirrors that of our customers and our communities. Our continues to expand its workforce to reflect the global marketplace, and our efforts to understand, respect, and incorporate differences become increasingly important.  This is why we strive for a culture of inclusion where each person is valued for his or her distinctive skills, experiences, and perspectives.
is dedicated to developing all employees by providing training, career opportunities, and performance-based advancement. We make a strong effort to ensure all employees have the opportunity to succeed and grow in an environment where advancement and rewards depend upon performance, ability, and contribution to our corporate goals.
By valuing and welcoming diversity, we create an inclusive environment where ideas flourish. In turn, we also create a workforce that embraces entrepreneurial thinking, is committed to dynamic leadership, and feels supported in their jobs. This type of diverse, high-performing workforce will provide with a sustainable competitive advantage.
Our diversity is one of our greatest strengths. It ties directly to our bottom line and is key to accomplishing our corporate goals - to reach a safety target of zero injuries and zero incidents and become the top in every market we serve, and exceed the financial performance of our strongest competitors.
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Corporation acquires rights to develop L-zeolite reforming(Aromax
Catalyst preparation optimized 
Catalyst manufacturing scale-up completed
Extensive testing in four pilot plants (yields, fouling rates, process conditions, catalyst protection, procedures)
Testing and development to address carburization issue
Start-up of first commercial Aromax
Start-up of world scale Aromax
 Technology unit at Chemical's Pascagoula, Mississippi facility
Retrofit of semi-regen reformer to Aromax
 Technology at Chemical's Puerto Rico facility
Start-up of world scale Aromax
 Technology unit at Saudi Chemical; commercialization of second generation Aromax® Catalyst: 
Superior performance with heavier feedstocks 
Capital / operating cost reductions
Catalyst development and optimization
Announcement of new licensee for Aromax
 Technology with expected start up in 2006
Chemical's Pascagoula, Mississippi facility converted to second generation Aromax
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure will comply with applicable laws and provide equal opportunity to all qualified job applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status. This provides that no individual shall be discriminated against on the foregoing basis in any aspect of employment, including hiring, promotion, demotion, transfer, layoff or termination, rates of pay, and selection for training.
Furthermore, written Affirmative Action programs are established to aid in achieving representation in the workforce of all groups as they are represented among similarly qualified members of the labor force from which employees are selected. The results of the Affirmative Action programs shall be reviewed at least annually and the programs modified as may be necessary to achieve stated objectives.
will take affirmative action to employ and advance employment qualified individuals with disabilities. No qualified individual with a disability shall be refused employment solely because of a physical or mental disability if that individual can perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodation.
will provide a workplace free of sexual harassment as well as harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, veteran status or marital status.
Click  here for the audio version of our Equal Opportunity Statement. Toggle navigation
Diversity & Inclusion
Community & Sponsorships
Environment, Health & Safety 
Operational Excellence Policy
Drilling Specialties
Normal Alpha Olefins
Polyalphaolefins
Health & Safety
Integrity & Compliance
Letter from Our of Sustainability
Sustainability Focal Points
As one of the world’s top producers of olefins and polyolefins and a leading supplier of aromatics, alpha olefins, styrenics, specialty chemicals and piping, and its affiliates are committed to driving sustainable practices throughout all of our businesses. 
Our chemicals and plastic resins are essential to the manufacture of more than 70,000 consumer and industrial products. We are highly invested in preserving natural resources, developing our employees and caring for the communities in which we do business. 
Our was founded on July 1, 2000, when Corporation and Petroleum Company, now 66, combined their worldwide petrobusinesses. and 66 and their wholly-owned affiliates each continue to own 50 percent of Chemical.  Headquartered in the Woodlands, Texas has $16.8 billion in assets, more than $9.6 billion in annual revenues, interest in 32 facilities and nearly 5,000 employees. 
In 2017, our asset base continued to grow as we advanced construction of our Gulf Coast (USGC) Petrochemicals Project. Located across two sites, Old Ocean which completed successful start-up and commissioning, and Cedar Bayou, Texas, the $6 billion project will use abundant shale feedstocks to meet the ever-increasing global demand for plastic products. 
This project includes a 1.5 million metric ton per year ethane cracker which will produce ethylene and two world-scale polyethylene units that will each produce 500,000 metric tons of resin every year. The project will increase the company’s North America ethylene capacity by 40 percent and our polyethylene capacity by the same percentage. 
Health & Safety
Integrity & Compliance
Sustainability Home
Sustainability Focal Points
Letter from Our of Sustainability
Research & Technology
Production Facilities
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act Disclosure 