Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
at listen to employees talk about our values
Our business units are using HoloLens, the first fully self-contained holographic computer, to troubleshoot problems by using the Remote Assist functionality, which connects field personnel with remote subject experts.
Announces $20 Billion Capital and Exploratory Budget for 2019
Announces First Oil from Big Foot Project in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico
learn about our support for STEM
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to getting results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Energy stories are unfolding on a global stage. Find the articles, speeches and case studies you care about.
Five values guide all of our business activities and decisions.
Achieving top performance is a step-by-step process and an everyday practice.
Our board of directors and corporate officers are committed to getting results the right way.
United by shared values, our diverse and highly skilled people are proud to be able to give back to our communities.
What do we stand for? People, partnership and performance. We've been in business s1879.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
privacyThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
we’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies
The primary cause of pipeline accidents is damage from excavation-related activities, particularly from equipment digging into pipelines. If you are planning to dig on your property or perform excavation work, please call your local One-Call Center.
for motor gasoline, diesel, aviation and asphalt are available.
Chevron, Texaco and Caltex gasolines with Techron are designed to deliver lower emissions, higher performance and a cleaner engine.
Chevron's Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD) is available at stations across the United States.
Individuals claiming to represent or one of its many subsidiaries have approached people in a variety of fraudulent business transactions.
While has contacted law enforcement agencies regarding these kinds of activities, it is often difficult to locate and prosecute the perpetrators. Anyone receiving one of these offers should report the matter to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
We sincerely regret any inconvenience caused by these individuals, and we hope the following explanations will be helpful. Please note that the information below is a sampling of the various frauds being attempted; new versions of fraud are frequently reported.
Individuals will claim to manage or run a promotion offered by or a subsidiary and ask potential participants to fill out a simple entry form. Alternatively, individuals will claim to offer proceeds in exchange for an “insurance payment.” They will claim that the promotion was sponsored by or a subsidiary.
If an insurance payment is requested, victims are usually requested to send the insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer proceeds in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested to enter the promotion, is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the promotion. These are not valid offers.
Victims will be approached by individuals claiming to represent the Online Endowment Award Fund (COEFA) as a potential beneficiary of a cash prize. Potential “winners” may be asked to fill out an entry form.
In order to receive their “prize,” victims may be requested to send an insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer donations or grants in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested, is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the program. These are not valid offers.
Victims will be approached by individuals claiming to represent the estate of a deceased employee. These individuals will claim the employee died without any heirs and, for a fee, will offer to transfer the inheritance to the victim.
Individuals will claim they are under contract with or a subsidiary to locate prospective employees for work on projects.
These offers usually are sent via email and will typically advise the victims they either have been hired by the company or may obtain employment with the company, and for a fee (the amount varies from $100 to as much as several thousand dollars), the individual will process the victim’s employment papers, tender offers, job applications and work permits. Victims are usually requested to send their fees, via a personal check or a money order, to a post office box either in the United States or another country. In some instances, victims are promised or receive checks to cover relocation expenses. Such promises and/or checks are not made or generated by or in any way associated with Chevron.
This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. does not seek fees for securing positions with the company from either prospective employees or contractors. These are not legitimate job offers.
If you should receive such an offer, we ask that you report the matter to the Secret Service.
Victims will be approached by individuals claiming to represent or Chevron/Texaco Exploration and Production as the recipient of a cash grant or donation. They will ask potential “winners” to fill out an entry form.
If an insurance payment is requested, victims are usually requested to send the insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer donations or grants in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested to enter the program, is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the donation/grant program. These are not valid offers.
Individuals will claim to manage or run a lottery offered by or a subsidiary and ask potential participants to fill out a simple entry form. Alternatively, individuals will claim to offer lottery proceeds in exchange for an “insurance payment.” They will claim that the lottery was sponsored by or a subsidiary.
If an insurance payment is requested, victims are usually requested to send the insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer lottery proceeds in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested to enter the lottery, is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the lottery. These are not valid offer.
Vendors will be approached by individuals claiming to represent or a subsidiary. These individuals usually work by email and will advise the victim that they are being invited to bid for a large equipment or supply order. They are then asked to pay a qualification fee.
This particular kind of fraudulent activity is called “Advance Fee Fraud” or 419 Fraud. does not seek fees for doing business with the company. These are not valid offers. If you should receive such an offer, we ask that you report the matter to the Secret Service or to your local law enforcement agency.
For assistance, email Supplier Relations. An email response can be expected within three business days.
To check the status of invoices and payments online, visit the Invoice and Payment Status (CIPS) system.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
our employees put values into action
We’re a global team united by a shared set of values,  called The Way. From our volunteering initiatives to our commitment  to diversity and inclusion, you’ll see that our values are so much more than  words on a screen – they’re our way of life.
In countries around the world, employees are applying their skills, experience and energy in volunteer activities that help improve education, provide basic needs, foster new business opportunities and ultimately strengthen the communities in which we operate.
volunteers are seen digging an irrigation canal to prevent flood as part of We Volunteer in Thailand.
Indonesia Business Unit (IBU) dispatched two medical officers, Dr. Rahmat and Nurse Mike to Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia to join an earthquake emergency response team. The team was coordinated by Migas, an industry regulator, to support local health authorities in providing medical services to the affected community.
Chevron’s Anar Aitekenova is pictured conducting a cooking class at Almaty orphanage in Kazakhstan.
Members of Knitting Club presented almost 100 warm vests, hats and scarves to children from the Almaty orphanage.
Tengizchevroil employees and their families joined the campaign ‘Plant a tree,’ organized by the Yntymak Volunteer Organization, at the Speech Impaired School in Atyrau, Kazakhstan.
Sightings of olive ridley sea turtles were reported soon after 300 volunteers and residents held the 10th annual coastal clean-up along the terminal coastline in San Pascual, Batangas, in the Philippines. About 2.4 tons of litter was cleared from the beach.
In October 2018, the International Products’ leadership team visited local food charity, Food from the Heart. total of 19 volunteers dedicated their time to packing 183 food packs that were sent to families and schoolchildren across Singapore.
The Network Singapore recorded 60 volunteer hours to help 97 direct beneficiaries learn basic circuitry to build robotic insects. Conducted in partnership with Science Centre Singapore, the event created awareness of Singapore’s signature social investment, Caltex Fuel Your School.
As part of their team-building efforts, the International Products’ Legal team of 29 volunteers contributed 101.5 volunteer hours to Willing Hearts, a soup kitchen that provides meals to some 5,000 Singaporeans in need.
employees contributed their time to tree planting and beautification of the landscape of Orphanage #10 in Almaty.
volunteers are seen digging an irrigation canal to prevent flood as part of We Volunteer in Thailand.
Indonesia Business Unit (IBU) dispatched two medical officers, Dr. Rahmat and Nurse Mike to Palu, Central Sulawesi, Indonesia to join an earthquake emergency response team. The team was coordinated by Migas, an industry regulator, to support local health authorities in providing medical services to the affected community.
Chevron’s Anar Aitekenova is pictured conducting a cooking class at Almaty orphanage in Kazakhstan.
Members of Knitting Club presented almost 100 warm vests, hats and scarves to children from the Almaty orphanage.
Through Humankind, employees, retirees and contractors in the United States provide support for their communities throughout the year.
In cooperation with the Freeport-McMoRan Audubon Species Survival Center, volunteers in Louisiana are helping to breed, hatch, and rear whooping crane chicks to supplement the wild population. In 2017, volunteers spent 146 hours to help keep the habitat sustainable for breeding programs.
summer interns from around the came together for a volunteer day benefiting the Kern County Museum. Employees painted the walls inside the Bud and Virginia King Volunteer Center. Some 15 gallons of paint were applied to 15-foot walls in an 1,800-square foot room.
Fayette County Operations employees volunteered to help a local Veterans of Foreign Wars chapter to replace veteran memorial markers in remote Appalachian Cemeteries. volunteers replaced over 100 flags in eight different cemeteries. Many of the grave stones are civil war and revolutionary era veterans.
Volunteers from our Gulf of Mexico business helped third to fifth grade children solve problems and create products using principles during the National Society of Black Engineers Summer Engineering Experience for Kids held in New Orleans. volunteers logged over 130 hours and supported 300 students.
volunteers worked to fill 250 backpacks for local at-risk youth in need of supplies for the 2018-19 school year. The Northshore Food Bank in Covington, Louisiana, provides food assistance to more than 375 individuals and families each week who live at or below the poverty threshold.
volunteers aided in the construction of two Habitat for Humanity homes in Covington, Habitat for Humanity works in partnership with local people in need to build decent, affordable housing. Between Fall 2017 and Spring 2018, a total of 56 employees gave 359.5 hours to these projects over three days.
S2009, Richmond volunteers have hand crafted 902 hats, scarves and other items for clients of the Greater Richmond Interfaith Program. Employees have volunteered at the Greater Richmond Interfaith Program on nearly a weekly basis s2002.
For World Day 2017, 145 employees in San Ramon assembled 5,700 personal hygiene kits that are being distributed to clients of the San Francisco Foundation and Cal-PEP.
Each month, Salt Lake Refinery employees volunteer at a mobile food pantry that provides food to nearly 100 families at a neighboring elementary school.
In cooperation with the Freeport-McMoRan Audubon Species Survival Center, volunteers in Louisiana are helping to breed, hatch, and rear whooping crane chicks to supplement the wild population. In 2017, volunteers spent 146 hours to help keep the habitat sustainable for breeding programs.
summer interns from around the came together for a volunteer day benefiting the Kern County Museum. Employees painted the walls inside the Bud and Virginia King Volunteer Center. Some 15 gallons of paint were applied to 15-foot walls in an 1,800-square foot room.
Fayette County Operations employees volunteered to help a local Veterans of Foreign Wars chapter to replace veteran memorial markers in remote Appalachian Cemeteries. volunteers replaced over 100 flags in eight different cemeteries. Many of the grave stones are civil war and revolutionary era veterans.
Volunteers from our Gulf of Mexico business helped third to fifth grade children solve problems and create products using principles during the National Society of Black Engineers Summer Engineering Experience for Kids held in New Orleans. volunteers logged over 130 hours and supported 300 students.
has been contributed to nonprofits through a combination of employee and retiree giving and company matching funds 
charitable organizations in the United States benefited from our volunteer time
Supporting diversity and inclusion is embedded in how we work. By including our team's diverse viewpoints, we drive innovation and business growth.
in celebration of international women's day, our inspiring employees share their stories 
employees share the history and milestones behind chevron's employee network
produces energy to meet the world’s needs, but the company itself is a product of its workforce and ingenuity. The “Day in the Life” series showcases that ingenuity, our Human Energy, at work across the breadth of our businesses.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
see where we've been and where we're going
Our company has a long, robust history, which began when a group of explorers and merchants established the Pacific Coast Oil Co. on Sept. 10, 1879. Sthen, our company’s name has changed more than once, but we’ve always retained our founders’ spirit, grit, innovation and perseverance.
Chevron's earliest predecessor, Pacific Coast Oil Co., was incorporated in 1879 in San Francisco. The first logo contained the company name against a backdrop of wooden derricks set among the Santa Susana Mountains that loomed over Pico Canyon. This was the site of the company's Pico No. 4 field, California's earliest commercial oil discovery. (Photo)
The first successful oil well in California, Pico No. 4 launched California as an oil-producing state and demonstrated the spirit of innovation, ingenuity, optimism and risk-taking that has marked the company ever since.
Lacking the capital it would need to seize marketing opportunities in this growing area, California Star was acquired by the Pacific Coast Oil Co. on Sept. 10, 1879. Colonel Charles Felton, Coast Oil’s president, had incorporated the company less than seven months earlier, on Feb. 19, 1879.
Within the next year, Coast Oil built California’s largest and most modern refinery, with a capacity of 600 barrels a day, at Point Alameda on San Francisco Bay; constructed a pipeline that linked Pico Canyon with the Southern Pacific’s train station at Elayon in southern California; and undertook an extensive, largely successful drilling program.
In 1895, the company initiated its enduring marine history when it launched California’s first steel tanker, the George Loomis, which could ship 6,500 barrels of crude between Ventura and San Francisco.
In 1878, Standard Oil Co. opened a three-person, second-story office in San Francisco. Despite its modest trappings, Standard possessed marketing acumen, outstanding products, an aggressive advertising philosophy and financial backing from its New York parent.
By 1885, it consolidated its Western interests under its subsidiary, the Standard Oil Co. (Iowa), which controlled distribution stations throughout the West Coast. Iowa Standard quickly became the area’s major seller of kerosene, and by 1900, the company controlled a staggering 96.5 percent of the Western market in light oils.
Lacking Iowa Standard’s marketing savvy and financial clout, Coast Oil had been struggling, despite its successful record of exploration and production. As a result, in 1900, Coast Oil agreed to be acquired by Iowa Standard, while retaining the name of Pacific Coast Oil Co. Through the acquisition, Iowa Standard gained a presence in the production, transportation and refining businesses.
After buying 500 acres of rolling lands on the northeast shore of San Francisco Bay in 1901, Standard completed the Richmond Refinery a year later. To feed this new colossus of West Coast refineries, Standard laid a pipeline from Richmond to the prolific new oil fields at Kern River and Coalinga.
SRichmond’s location also made it ideal for a marine terminal in San Francisco Bay, Standard expanded its fleet by acquiring several vessels – including the Asuncion, a 2,196-ton collier that was converted into a 21,000-barrel tank ship; the 12,000-barrel tanker, Maverick; the 38,000-barrel tanker Colonel Drake; and the 23,000-barrel Barge 9.
As the company grew, it changed structurally. In 1906, a consolidation between Pacific Coast Oil and Iowa Standard created a new entity, Standard Oil Co. (California), finalizing an integration that had existed for six years.
The “new” company stepped up its marketing efforts, particularly in gasoline sales, which nearly doubled between 1906 and 1910, and lubricants, which were marketed under the Calumet, Diamond, Petrolite, Ruddy Harvester, Zerolene and Zone labels.
To meet the growing market for motor fuels, the company came up with a revolutionary new sales mechanism – the world’s first “service station,” started in Seattle by sales manager John McLean.
Until now, Standard had left the hunt for oil to others. In 1909, the company decided to gamble on its ability to find its own oil. After several initial failures, the drilling team had its first success on Jan. 22, 1910, when a gusher flowed in at 1,500 barrels a day at the Midway-Sunset Field in Kern County, California.
Before the end of 1911, Standard Oil Co. (California) added to its refining capacity with the completion of the El Segundo plant in Southern California, formed the California Natural Gas Co. to expand its search for natural gas in the San Joaquin Valley and beyond, and constructed a second pipeline linking Richmond and the Kern River Field.
In addition to demonstrating its overall growth, the company reaffirmed its pioneering spirit by naming Demetrius Scofield, who tapped the company’s first well, to be president of the Standard Oil Co. (California).
In this 1915 photo, a horse-drawn wagon loaded up at a Standard Oil Co. (California) station in Sausalito, Calif., for delivery of Red Crown Gasoline and Pearl Oil to customers in the San Francisco Bay area. Throughout the early decades of the 20th century, the company’s quality product line successfully served the West Coast market. (Photo)
a strong company in a dynamic market
Divested from its parent company in 1911, Standard Oil Co. (California) had strong financial discipline, an impressive product line, marketing savvy, a growing refining system, a flexible marine fleet and an extensive pipeline network. One critical challenge remained: finding the energy to meet spiraling demand in a dynamic marketplace.
Fortunately, Standard had the right person for the job in Fred Hillman, who became director of the Producing Department in 1911. Within four years, Standard moved from sixth place to first among California’s oil producers. And by 1919, Standard’s production had grown to more than one-quarter of the state’s total.
Casting aside his original misgivings about the value of science in exploration, Hillman soon built a strong staff of geologists under the leadership of Eric Starke. Using a scientific approach became particularly valuable in assessing California’s soft subsurface formations.
Hillman’s earliest oil and gas exploration successes came at Midway, where the company made seven discoveries in an 18-month period, including the largest, McNee No. 4, which produced a record 30,000 barrels a day in April 1912. That same month, Derby No. 1 blew out with a daily flow of gas estimated at 63 million cubic feet.
On July 24, McNee No. 10 came in at 2,480 feet, flowing at 10,000 barrels a day and prompting Hillman to send his former employer at Ohio Oil a cable that read: “Can you match it, or do take first place?” Two days later, Hillman’s question was answered when the same well broke loose, at least doubling its output.
After moving into the Los Angeles basin, Fred Hillman led his exploration team in delivering five gushers at the Emery Field in the West Coyote Hills between December 1912 and October 1913.
Standard Oil Co. (California) scored big in December 1913 when it purchased the Murphy Oil Co. holdings in West Coyote and East  Whittier. By 1917, Standard had added two other great Southern California discoveries in the Montebello and Baldwin No. 3 fields.
The company’s efficiency and ability to find new reserves helped it keep pace with the surging demand for energy products fueled by the dramatic population growth and increased reliance on automobiles throughout Standard’s marketing area. In January 1919, the company had the first of several discoveries in Elk Hills in California’s San Joaquin Valley.
While Standard was compiling an impressive producing record, it also became a leader in conserving energy resources. The Starke gas trap, an invention devised by Standard engineer Scharpenberg and geologist Eric Starke, was one of the more ingenious methods for “capturing” gas from a well that then could be used to meet energy needs.
To serve markets in areas such as the Northwest United States, Standard more than doubled its ocean-going capacity between 1912 and 1916 by adding five tankers, the Lucas, El Segundo, Richmond, Moffett and Scofield. By 1926, the fleet grew to 40 vessels, including 22 ocean-going tankers as well as stern-wheelers, launches, barges and tugs.
Standard saturated its marketing territory with sales outlets, tripling the number of small bulk plants by the end of 1916 and quadrupling the number of substations between 1911 and 1919. And, by turning from horse-drawn vehicles to motor transport, the company increased the speed and range of its sales operations.
coping with increased competition
Standard Oil Co. (California) also steadily expanded its service station network. It became the Western leader by the end of 1919 with a total of 218 stations, more than the next three rivals combined. By 1926, the number of service stations in the company's five-state marketing area more than tripled, to 735 units.
Though gasoline sales more than doubled between 1911 and the end of 1914, increased competition caused Standard’s market share to fall during that same period. By 1926, the company’s gasoline market share in its five-state Western area shrank to 28 percent – down from 55 percent in 1919.
Following upon the success of Red Crown automobile gasoline, Standard introduced Red Crown aviation fuel in 1918, promoting the product through advertisements and through wider commitment to the growth of the aviation industry. In 1924, the company painted town names on the rooftops of its bulk plants to help guide aviators flying overhead.
Standard excelled in developing new products, such as the line of petrochemicals manufactured to support the Allied effort in World War This production of benzol, toluol and xylol was a forerunner of the impressive line of petrochemicals that the company developed following the onset of the Second World War.
Standard turned increasingly to international markets to maintain its sales growth. Between 1911 and 1914, export sales rose from 14 to 28 percent of the total business. In addition, the opening of the Panama Canal in August 1914 gave the company greater access to Eastern and European markets.
a new name for a growing company
As Standard Oil Co. (California) entered the 1920s, the market’s insatiable need for petroleum products continued. In 1925 alone, the company’s three refineries at Richmond, El Segundo and Bakersfield produced more than 56 million barrels of petroleum products as well as 13.6 million pounds of greases and 340,000 tons of asphalt.
In 1926, Standard boosted its production capacity by almost 50 percent when it acquired Pacific Oil Co., an organization that handled the oil properties of Southern Pacific Railroad. The company marked this achievement by creating a new corporate structure with a new name – Standard Oil Co. of California, or Socal.
One of the hallmarks of the newly named company continued to be the respect and fairness with which it treated its employees. This tradition of enlightened human relations dated back to the company’s founders, who espoused favorable wages, hours and working conditions for all company employees.
In 1916, Standard became the first company in the industry to adopt an eight-hour day for all salaried and contract employees. That same year, salaried employees were given two-week vacations. Other benefits, including sick leave and retirement benefits, were added within the next few years.
The fair treatment of company employees had a direct payoff in morale. In 1919, 94 percent of the employees who had served in World War returned to work for the company at a time of high employment and opportunities for workers.
Recognizing the cooperation and mutual confidence throughout the company, President Kenneth Kingsbury in 1923 described this all-important attribute as the “Standard Oil Spirit,” which “represents, on the part of the personnel, a fine enthusiasm for the company, and a concern for its welfare, of which the company is justly proud.”
As the growing highway system encouraged longer car trips during the 1920s and 1930s, Standard service stations attracted motorists by adding such amenities as clean, well-appointed rest rooms and drinking fountains. With the introduction of the Standard Lubrication System, as well as Atlas tires, headlight bulbs and standardized battery service, the stations offered a complete one-stop service. (Photo)
With crude oil supplies depleted by the Allies’ military needs during World War I, Standard Oil Co. of California (Socal) began seeking oil and gas reserves beyond shores in the postwar years. The long, intrepid quest would take more than 10 years before the company made its first international discovery in June 1932.
The search began in December 1920, when a 25-person exploratory team sailed from San  Francisco to Bondoc Peninsula in the Philippines, followed by a freighter carrying 1,000 tons of equipment. Meanwhile, other Socal crews were deployed as far afield as Alaska and Colombia in the quest for oil. Despite each location’s geological promise, the quest proved elusive.
Undeterred, Socal next focused on the Middle East, an area with no history of discoveries and no obvious petroleum prospects. The company gained its first foothold in the region in 1928 when Gulf Oil Corporation offered its Bahrain concession to Socal (in a move that unknowingly foreshadowed the merger with Gulf by more than half a century).
After surveying the island, geologist Fred Davies and producing superintendent William Taylor selected a 12-mile-long oval-shaped depression called Jabal ad Dukhan, or the “Hill of Smoke” because its 453-foot mound was the highest point on the island.
Working in searing heat, the team met with success on June 1, 1932, after the bit pierced a layer of blue shale and the crew smelled oil.
“Though only modest in production, the Bahrain discovery was a momentous event, with far wider implications,” wrote historian Daniel Yergin of the 1932 strike by Socal. “After all, the tiny island of Bahrain was only 20 miles away from the mainland of the Arabian Peninsula where, to all outward appearances, the geology was exactly the same.”
In June 1932, Socal began a year-long series of negotiations with the Saudi government before the two sides signed a concession agreement providing the company with exploration rights for the next 60 years over an area of about 360,000 square miles.
In November 1932, the company assigned the concession to its newly formed subsidiary, California Arabian Standard Oil Co. (Casoc), later to become Arabian American Oil Co., or Aramco.
After geologists surveyed the concession area, they identified a promising site and named it Dammam No. 1, after a nearby village. Over the next three years, the drillers were unsuccessful in making a commercial strike, but chief geologist Max Steineke persevered.
the birth of caltex
Socal had already found a potential market for its Middle Eastern oil by creating a historic partnership with Texaco in 1936. The joint venture, which became known as the California Texas Oil Company, or Caltex, melded the company’s Middle Eastern exploration and production rights with Texaco’s extensive marketing network in Africa and Asia.
Though it began as a modest operation with a single “teapot” refinery, a piecemeal transportation system, and fuel and lubricant sales of just 22,500 barrels a day, Caltex would emerge as a major international marketer and refiner with operations in some 60 countries in the years following World War II.
The joint-venture partners also agreed to share exploration rights in Central Sumatra, Java and Dutch New Guinea, which had been granted to Socal in 1935. Just after the company discovered the Duri Field in 1941, the Japanese incursion in World War suspended activity until the postwar years.
During the pre-war years, Socal’s aggressive exploration program extended to the Southeastern United States, where the California Company, a Socal subsidiary, made its first discovery at Bayou Barataria, Louisiana, in 1939. Socal subsequently made discoveries in the Gulf Coast, the and Canadian Rocky Mountains, and eastward to the Atlantic.
The company entered the Canadian market in 1935 when Standard Oil Co. of British Columbia was launched in a two-room suite of the Hotel Vancouver. That same year, the company moved quickly, purchasing local oil distribution companies, acquiring service stations, establishing dealerships, starting a new refinery and acquiring a tanker, the Standard.
During the 1930s, Socal expanded its operations in Central America, building upon its leadership position in Mexico. It added a road-surfacing plant and constructed a bulk plant in El Salvador in 1935 before expanding into Guatemala, Nicaragua, Honduras and Costa Rica.
To offset the Depression’s dramatic impact on earnings, the company stimulated sales by bringing out solidly researched new products, including Standard Gasoline in 1931, Flight and Standard Penn motor oils in 1932, Standard Unsurpassed Gasoline with Tetraethyl Lead in 1934, (Diesel Engine Lubricating Oil) in 1935, and Motor Oil in 1936.
fueling the war effort
The onset of World War changed everything for the company – from the product line to the lives of its employees. With the entry of the United  States into the war in December 1941, Socal became a key supplier of crude oil and refined products for the Allies in the Pacific.
Meeting a key need for a more efficient aviation fuel, the company spent more than $57 million to expand 100-octane plants at the Richmond and El Segundo refineries and converted the Bakersfield Refinery almost exclusively to 100-octane production. Company research scientists also developed compounds that enabled Navy submarines to triple their cruising range.
World War also created a boom in petrochemical demand. Socal invested more than $9 million to boost production of synthetic toluene – the second “T” in When the supply of natural rubber from Southeast Asia was cut off, the company erected a plant at El Segundo to supply butadiene for synthetic rubber.
supporting the war at sea
With the United States at war, Socal’s fleet came under command of the War Shipping Administration. Its tankers towed large concrete barges to the South Seas and sometimes served as floating service stations, fueling other vessels in the open ocean.
During the war, Socal built two new ships, the Tuttle and the Stoner, which became, by far, the largest ships in the Standard fleet. At 18,000 tons each, they could transport almost 154,000 barrels of cargo.
Two company ships failed to survive the war: the Storey was sunk in the South Pacific, causing the death of two men; and the Collier sank after a submarine attack in the Arabian  Sea, killing 30 men. In all, almost 9,000 Socal employees served in the Armed Forces during World War II; 232 lost their lives.
The efforts of employees received many kudos from military and government leaders, such as General Douglas MacArthur, who wrote: “To the men and women of Standard of California: We, the soldiers of the fighting line, give thanks to you soldiers of the production line for the sinews of war that made our victory possible.”
Standard Oil geologist examined a rock specimen in the Venezuelan Andes in 1958, where there was an effort to build on the discovery of oil at the country’s Boscan Field a decade earlier. During the years following World War II, the company mounted an aggressive exploration program, which led to discoveries as far ranging as the Gulf of Mexico, Canada, Saudi Arabia and Indonesia. (Photo)
The resumption of peace following World War infused Standard Oil Co. of California (Socal) with new energy, new opportunities and an enterprising quest for new oil and gas resources. To satisfy the growing need for petroleum products, the company frequently devoted more than two-thirds of its annual expenditures to exploration and development.
And the company’s high success rate helped to maintain its position as the third-largest oil producer in the United States and the No. 1 producer in California. Particularly encouraging news came from the jungles of Sumatra, where the company learned that the Japanese occupying force had actually struck oil at Minas No. 1, using a rig left behind by Caltex Pacific Indonesia when crews vacated the area in 1941.
In late 1949, when Caltex Pacific finally resumed development of the field, the company realized that Minas was an oil giant, which would yield 1 billion barrels over a 17-year period, from 1952 to 1969. Caltex Pacific would gain major additional production from the Duri Field, which was discovered in 1941 and developed during the early 1950s.
In the decade following the war, Socal’s major discoveries included the Kelly-Snyder Field in West Texas; the Main Pass, Bay Marchand and Romere Pass fields in the offshore waters of the Gulf of Mexico, where the company became the largest oil producer as of 1949; and the Rangely Field in the Rockies of Colorado.
Internationally, Standard had major successes at the Acheson Field near Edmonton, Canada, and the Boscan Field in Venezuela. And in Saudi Arabia, when drilling resumed in 1947, the company learned that its concession area in the Enala Anticline contained the largest oil pool in the world—105 miles of productive sands.
Socal engineers achieved a major feat in building a pipeline over the highest pass any line had ever crossed. The pipeline brought oil from the Rangely Field to a newly constructed refinery in Salt Lake City.
And in Saudi Arabia, construction of the 1,068-mile Trans-Arabian Pipeline entailed use of a sky hook to move the 325,000 tons of steel pipe from a wharf in the Persian Gulf to a yard three miles away. From there, the steel was transported across the desert to the fields, where the pipeline was finally completed in September 1950.
In the postwar period, the company built on its position as a major supplier of petrochemicals by developing a wide array of new products.
After the government gave Socal special priority to build the nation's first synthetic detergent plant in 1945, the company had a solid footing to produce a wide array of industrial chemicals such as detergents, plastics and synthetic fabrics.
In 1951, the company created the Oronite Chemical Co. to market a growing output of petrochemicals. Three years later, the Richmond Refinery completed the nation’s first unit to manufacture paraxylene, a basic material for making Dacron and other synthetic fibers.
Reflecting Socal’s growth in these postwar years, revenues surpassed $1 billion for the first time in 1951. This growth continued, initially topping $2 billion in 1961, and climbing to almost $6 billion by 1969. The keystones of Socal’s success were its product sales, production increases and strong record of replacing reserves.
Throughout this period, Socal developed a wide range of new products, including and Supreme Gasoline, introduced in 1945; motor oils in 1950; “Skypower” gasolines in 1956; new Supreme Gasoline and new Supreme Motor Oil in 1957; and Custom Supreme, the first three grade gasoline in the West, in 1959.
Socal’s marketing reach now extended far beyond the original five-state base in the Western United States. After acquiring the Perth Amboy Refinery in 1945, the company used it as a manufacturing base a couple of years later when it launched an expanded marketing network in 12 Eastern states through its subsidiary, California Oil Co.
expansion continued in 1961 when the company merged with Standard Oil Co. (Kentucky), the market leader in petroleum products in five Southeastern states. To serve this market with crude oil from fields in the Gulf of Mexico, the company constructed the 100,000-barrel-a-day refinery at Pascagoula, Mississippi, in 1963.
Other Western Hemisphere marketing operations included service station networks in Guatemala, El  Salvador, Honduras and Costa Rica, designed to keep pace with the expanding economies of Central America.
In Western Europe, Socal agreed to dissolve the Caltex structure in that area and split its operations between the two parent companies, Socal and Texaco. To manage a share of the divided operations, the company created Oil Europe in 1967.
Paralleling the growth in marketing and producing operations, the company enlarged and diversified its manufacturing capabilities in the Eastern and Western Hemispheres. At the Richmond Refinery in 1965, the company launched the world’s largest Isomax hydrocracking complex, which converted heavy petroleum oils to light stocks used to make gasoline and other products.
In 1969, Standard completed a 150,000-barrel-a-day expansion of its refinery at Pernis in the Netherlands, and a year later brought onstream a new 250,000-barrel-a-day refinery at Freeport in the Bahamas. Many of the expansions and modernizations focused on enabling plants to convert greater quantities of high-sulfur crude into products that met environmental specifications.
in marine, bigger is better
Standard expanded its fleet in 1970 by adding six new very large crude carriers (VLCCs), supertankers of 250,000 or more tons. The VLCCs allowed the company to move bulk oil around the southern tip of Africa, avoiding any supply disruptions such as occurred in 1967 with the closing of the Suez Canal.
During the 1970s, the petroleum industry was confronted by many political issues – from the 1973 oil embargo to the nationalization of company assets by Libya, Venezuela and other oil producers.
Nevertheless, the decade was marked by numerous milestones, including major discoveries ranging from the West Pembina Field in Alberta, Canada, to the Ninian Field in the United Kingdom North Sea, and from the Middleton and North Apoi oil fields in Nigeria in 1972 to the giant Hibernia Field offshore Newfoundland in 1979. With these discoveries, Socal achieved a production record of more than 3.5 million barrels of oil equivalent in 1976, a year in which the world rebounded from an economic recession.
In 1977, the company made a major organizational change when it formed Inc., merging six domestic oil and gas operations into one. This change was driven by the need to establish a nationwide identity and a consolidated organization.
The company naturally chose “Chevron,” a name that had first appeared on its products in the 1930s and had become its most recognizable mark of identification among consumers around the world.
As marked its centennial in 1979, Chairman of the Board Harold “Bill” Haynes saluted “all those people whose ideas and hard work caused our company to grow and prosper over the past 100 years” and encouraged everyone in the current organization to summon up the “vigor and creativity” that would help us to flourish in future years.
In 1993, became the first major Western oil company to enter the newly independent Kazakhstan. Ken Derr and Kazakhstan President Nursultan Nazarbayev signed an agreement creating the Tengizchevroil joint venture to develop the giant Tengiz Field. (Photo)
As Standard Oil Co. of California (Socal) began its second century, it had become a major company in the United  States and the brand was becoming familiar around the world. The company had ownership in 50 refineries, with a production capacity of almost 3 million barrels per day and featured the third-largest fleet among oil companies worldwide.
The company experienced strong results during the early 1980s, such as major discoveries and large acquisitions of offshore acreage in the Gulf of Mexico, a $1 billion modernization of its Pascagoula Refinery and the introduction of new Supreme Unleaded Gasoline with Techroline.
And yet the larger picture was unsettling, prompting the company to conclude that its normal business strategies simply wouldn’t be enough. Chairman of the Board George Keller expressed this view when he said, “Over the next decade, the oil business will become increasingly competitive.” He added, “Flexibility in swiftly adapting to change will be mandatory for success—and possibly survival.”
The company’s chance came virtually overnight. Gulf Oil Corp., the nation’s fifth-largest petroleum company, had been under siege from an investor group seeking to gain control of the company and sell it piecemeal for a quick profit. After warding off a takeover bid, Gulf’s board of directors chose to offer the company up for sale.
On March 5, 1984, Keller made a bid of $80 per share, roughly $13.3 billion, and hours later received a phone call from Gulf Chairman James Lee, telling him that Socal had won the bidding.
With a price tag of $13.3 billion, it was the largest merger in corporate history at the time – and a strong marriage of assets, corporate philosophy and the varied talents of two organizations’ employees. By acquiring Gulf, Socal nearly doubled its worldwide proved oil and gas reserves overnight.
Through the merger, Socal added major exploration and production operations in areas where it was already strong, such as the Gulf of Mexico, Canada, and the North Sea. In West Africa, Gulf’s foreign reserves suddenly lifted the company to a leading position.
Gulf’s assets included a solid marketing and refining system, the Pittsburg & Midway Coal Mining Co. and Warren Petroleum, a successful manufacturer and seller of natural gas liquids.
With the merger came a new name for the company: Corporation – the name by which gasoline and other products had been known for decades in the United States and under which the company operated in many non-locations.
The melding of and Gulf was impressively quick and smooth. Assets of both companies were sold or streamlined. By late 1985, the merger was complete.
Signifying the integration of the two companies, some 3,000 Gulf stations in Arkansas, Louisiana and Texas adopted Chevron’s name and products beginning in 1988. Concurrently, continued its long-term program to build or modernize stations at key locations and sell less-competitive facilities.
also modernized the Richmond and El Segundo refineries to enable them to convert more low-value fuel oils into high-value gasoline and other products, while streamlining the newly acquired Port Arthur plant to reduce operating costs.
Through the Gulf merger, became the No. 1 refiner and marketer as well as the nation’s market leader in gas liquids. By 1988, when the company acquired $2.5 billion in properties from Tenneco, became the leading oil and gas producer in the Gulf of Mexico.
With these strengths came a companywide enthusiasm to fulfill a corporate mission of being “better than the best.” To achieve this mission, stressed operational excellence and environmental responsibility.
Chevron’s revised environmental policy added an important new mandate: risk management, which involved identifying potential problems and solving them before they became real problems. It also expanded a far-sighted program, Save Money and Reduce Toxics, which had already cut hazardous waste disposal by 60 percent s1986.  
key part of Chevron’s mission was to increase worldwide production. Through acquisition of Gulf properties, made major discoveries from the Alba Field in the North Sea to the Kutubu and Iagifu fields in Papua New Guinea.
In the early 1990s, with the industry confronted by oversupply and a global recession, achieved major cost savings through the sale of its Philadelphia and Port Arthur refineries, its retail gasoline network in Central America and its Ortho lawn and garden consumer-products business.
 As exploration opportunities shrank, shifted its emphasis increasingly toward international projects, such as the development of the huge Tengiz Field in Kazakhstan after forming a partnership with that country’s government in 1993.
Other major opportunities included the Escravos natural gas project in Nigeria, the giant Hibernia Field offshore Newfoundland, the Kokongo Field in Angola and the Britannia project in the North Sea. 
The company’s strategies clearly were paying off. In 1996, earnings hit an all-time high of $2.6 billion, and production of more than 1 million barrels a day was the highest in 11 years, driven by record volumes in Angola, Kazakhstan and Nigeria.
Chevron’s ability to grow through alliances was an important factor in its success – and an acknowledgement that the industry’s best opportunities often involved mega-projects that required the resources of more than a single corporation. This awareness continued to resonate as the face of the industry changed through mergers and acquisitions, which fundamentally altered the energy business – and the competitive stakes.
After forming a corporate Mergers and Acquisitions group in January 1998, began evaluating other companies that might best complement its own. Based on a long affiliation with Texaco dating back to the 1936 formation of a joint-venture company, Caltex, rated Texaco high as a potential merger partner.
In addition to its world-class assets and strong corporate culture, Texaco had the experience of integrating Getty Oil Co.’s operations and people following the 1984 acquisition of Getty. In 1999, initiated a series of talks with Texaco, which proved unsuccessful.
The following year, renewed talks with Texaco. On Oct. 16, 2000, the two companies announced that they had reached an agreement to merge. Nearly one year later, on Oct. 9, 2001, the shareholders of and Texaco voted to approve the merger, and ChevronTexaco Corp. began doing business that same day.
The company became the second largest U.S.-based energy company, with more than 11 billion barrels of oil and equivalent gas reserves and 2.4 million barrels per day of refining capacity.
began production from its Tahiti Field, the deepest producing field in the Gulf of Mexico, in May 2009. One of the largest crude oil and natural gas reservoirs in the gulf, the field was developed after the company used 3-imaging signals to penetrate 2-mile-high layers of salt and visualize the full extent of the field.
In the months that followed the creation of ChevronTexaco, the new company found itself looking for resources in ever-more-difficult environments - deeper, more remote and increasingly complex fields, and underground reservoirs with more challenging characteristics.
"The era of easy oil is over," said then David O'Reilly.
From 2002 to 2007, earned close to $72 billion. During that same period, the company invested roughly the same amount to bring new energy supplies to market.
The company remained a leader among its peers, averaging a 42 percent success rate for exploration wells from 2002 through 2007. Chevron's exploration program added an average of 1 billion barrels to its resource base over that same time period.
In 2005, the company changed its name to Corp. and then acquired Unocal Corp., further enhancing its position as a leading energy provider. The acquisition was a strong strategic fit, strengthening the company's exploration and production portfolio in the Asia-Pacific region, the Gulf of Mexico and the Caspian region. The addition of Unocal provided a deep source of talent and leading-edge technology that quickly integrated throughout its organization.
Technology offered a key advantage in the search for new energy supplies. Chevron's approach to technology is unique in the industry. Fully integrated across the company — from exploration to product delivery — the company's technology success builds upon a combination of proprietary capabilities and strong partnerships.
demonstrated its expertise in employing deepwater exploration technology in the Gulf of Mexico. In 2006, the Jack well test set more than half-a-dozen world records for pressure, depth and duration in deep water. Five miles deep, it was the deepest well ever tested in the gulf. And these records were achieved without a single safety or environmental incident.
Also in the Gulf of Mexico, achieved first oil from the Tahiti Field in May 2009. In approximately 4,100 feet (1,250 meters) of water, Tahiti featured the deepest producing well in the gulf.
Three-dimensional visualization technology gives geologists a virtual tour through the rock, deep underground, and allows them to "see" potential reservoirs. This technology was employed at the Tahiti Field and at the Tengiz and Karachaganak fields in Kazakhstan.
The company used its expertise in reservoir management to complete a major expansion project that nearly doubled production capacity from the giant Tengiz Field in Kazakhstan. The project — called the Sour Gas Injection/Second Generation Plant — took five years and $7 billion to complete.
The Tengiz expansion and the ramp-up of the deepwater Agbami Field offshore Nigeria were two projects that added significant production volumes in 2009. This trend continued with the start-up of four major capital projects in 2012: the deepwater Usan Field offshore Nigeria, Caesar/Tonga in the Gulf of Mexico, Agbami 2 and Tahiti 2. Consistent with the company’s record of previous technological firsts, Tahiti 2 set several individual records for water injection in deepwater production.
The development of a significant queue of major capital projects was central to Chevron’s focus on long-term growth and creating significant shareholder value for decades to come. In pursuit of this goal, continued to advance its two world-class liquefied natural gas (LNG) projects in Western Australia. The Gorgon project achieved key construction milestones – including the design and construction of one of the world’s largest CO² injection facilities – and delivered first gas to a foundation customer in Japan in April 2016. And the achievement of several commercial milestones added impetus to the Wheatstone project, due to start up in mid-2017. The large queue of discoveries in Australia’s Carnarvon Basin contributes to the resources available to extend and expand Chevron’s projects in the region.
In 2015, continued progress on the company’s development projects to deliver future production growth. achieved first production at the Lianzi Project in the Angola–Republic of the Congo Joint Development Area, the Moho Bilondo Phase 1b Project in Republic of the Congo and the Agbami 3 Project in Nigeria, and continued to ramp up production at the Jack/St. Malo Project in the Gulf of Mexico. Jack and St. Malo are two of the largest oil and gas fields ever discovered in the deepwater gulf, with reservoirs more than 26,000  feet deep, under 7,000 feet of water. With a capacity of 177,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, the Jack/St. Malo floating production unit is the largest that has in the Gulf of Mexico.
Chevron’s development of oil and natural gas from shale and tight rock formations has intensified sthe company entered the Marcellus Shale through its acquisition of Atlas Energy in 2011. By 2016, in addition to the Marcellus, the company was developing tight oil or liquids-rich gas shales in the Permian Basin of the southwestern United States, the Vaca Muerta Shale in Argentina, and the Duvernay Shale in Canada. already had a strong legacy position in the Permian Basin as one of its largest producers of oil and natural gas. And with approximately 2 million net acres of resources, is the basin’s largest net acreage holder.
The global restructuring of the company’s downstream and chemical business has delivered greater value from a more tightly focused portfolio. From 2010 through 2015, ranked #1 or #2 among its peers in earnings per barrel and return on capital employed. In 2015, Chevron’s downstream segment reported its best year on record, with $7.6 billion in earnings. The company has also become a leading global producer of premium base oil sthe 2014 completion of a base oil facility at the Pascagoula, Mississippi, refinery.
With forecasters predicting that the world's energy demand could increase by about one-third by 2040, the world will need all the energy that can be produced from every available source, including natural gas, crude oil, coal, renewables and nuclear. is committed to working safely and responsibly to help develop that energy through an unmatched array of major capital projects.
Fundamental to everything does is a constant focus on achieving increasingly higher levels of safety, operational and environmental excellence. This focus will continue in the years ahead.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsskip to main content
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
Guided by our vision and values, The Way, our Board of Directors and Corporate Officers are committed to demonstrating the highest standard of ethics. 
The Board of Directors of directs the affairs of the corporation and is committed to sound principles of corporate governance. They bring a proven track record of success across a broad range of experiences at the policymaking level in business; expertise in science, technology, engineering, research or academia; extensive knowledge of governmental, regulatory, legal or public policy issues; expertise in finance, financial disclosure or financial accounting; experience in global business or international affairs; environmental experience and service on public company boards.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer,
Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer
Executive Vice President, Technology, Projects and Services
Vice President and General Tax Counsel
Vice President and General Counsel
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
If you have created a Career profile and had a problem submitting your application to the Careers website, please contact us.
Meet employees and recruiters on your college campus or at a special event.
Stations is looking for Customer Service Representatives who are 18 years or older.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
The Way explains who we are, what we believe, how we achieve and where we aspire to go. 
It establishes a common understanding not only for us, but for all who interact with us.
The Way has stood the test of time. It's an integral part of our past and present. And it shows us the way to future success as we continue to develop the energy that improves lives and powers the world forward. 
At the heart of The Way is our vision … to be 
 global energy company most admired for its people, partnership and performance.
We develop the energy that improves lives and powers the world forward.
Our company's foundation is built on our values, which distinguish us and guide our actions to deliver results. We conduct our business in a socially and environmentally responsible manner, respecting the law and universal human rights to benefit the communities where we work.
We are passionate about delivering results, and strive to continually improve. We hold ourselves accountable for our actions and outcomes. We apply proven processes in a fit-for-purpose manner and always look for innovative and agile solutions.
We learn from and respect the cultures in which we operate. We have an inclusive work environment that values the uniqueness and diversity of individual talents, experiences and ideas.
We are honest with ourselves and others, and honor our commitments. We trust, respect and support each other. We earn the trust of our colleagues and partners by operating with the highest ethical standards in all we do.
protect people and the environment
We place the highest priority on the health and safety of our workforce and protection of our assets, communities and the environment. We deliver world-class performance with a focus on preventing high-consequence incidents.
We build trusting and mutually beneficial relationships by collaborating with our communities, governments, customers, suppliers and other business partners. We are most successful when our partners succeed with us.
Our strategies guide our actions to deliver industry-leading results and superior shareholder value in any business environment.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
view our corporate responsibility reporting
Affordable energy is a catalyst for economic growth and  prosperity. Our company’s values drive us to provide that energy responsibly  while protecting the environment and working with our partners to strengthen  communities because our success is tied to the success of the communities where we operate.
We conduct our business in a socially responsible and ethical manner, protect people and the environment, support universal human rights, and benefit the communities where we work.
an expectant mother's story
an expectant mother's story
an expectant mother's story
bringing the fab to south by southwest
bringing the fab to south by southwest
bringing the fab to south by southwest
roots of change: chevron's model community program in the niger delta
roots of change: chevron's model community program in the niger delta
roots of change: chevron's model community program in the niger delta
Everywhere  we work, we strive to build lasting relationships to create prosperity, now  and for decades to come.
We put people at the center of everything we do, and are committed to  prioritizing safety, developing our workforce, and respecting human rights.
learn more about our stewardship
We are dedicated to preserving a robust and diverse natural environment wherever we operate.
We believe that taking prudent, practical and cost-effective actions to address climate change risks is the right thing to do.
Our corporate responsibility reporting details our activities and performance.
Learn what we do to build lasting partnerships that contribute to local economies.
Our company's foundation is built on our values, which distinguish us and guide our actions to deliver results.
is among the top quartile of giving among Fortune 100 companies.
In 2018, for the 14th consecutive year, achieved a rating of 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, which ranks companies committed to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender equality in the workplace.
placed in the top 10 happiest companies to work for in America. The CareerBliss survey asked workers to rate their employers on 10 key factors, such as their relationship with management, workplace environment, compensation, satisfaction with job function and growth opportunities. 
In 2017, was among Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens, an independent ranking of the most transparent companies whothat are the most transparent in  reporting on their responsible practices in the categories of environment, climate change, employee relations, human rights, corporate governance, financial performance and philanthropy. 
earned recognition as one of the 2018 National Business Inclusion Consortium Best-of-the-Best Top 30 Corporations for inclusion. The Best-of-the-Best designation is the top corporate honor bestowed for commitments to America’s diverse employees and business owners, which includes the community, people of color, women and people with disabilities.
ranks among the top 10 companies with the best corporate culture. The Way has helped the company drive innovation and business growth and create a safety culture with its employees at the center. The company focuses strongly on education and workplace training programs and values its employees’ ability to strengthen their capabilities.
has one of the highest median monthly pay scales for internships as reported by U.S.-based interns on Glassdoor in 2017.
Learn more about our corporate responsibility activities and results
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
Environmental, social and governance reporting
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
Workers on a storage tank walkway overlooking Tengiz Field facility in western Kazakhstan.
learn more about our management system 
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
The Board of Directors of directs the affairs of the corporation and is committed to sound principles of corporate governance. Documents included in this section provide ways for investors to understand the foundation of our corporate governance.
These guidelines have been approved by the Board of Directors. The guidelines, in conjunction with the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Board Committee charters, form the framework for governance of the Corporation.
The Board of Directors oversees and provides policy guidance on the business and affairs of the Corporation. It monitors overall corporate performance, the integrity of the Corporation's financial controls and the effectiveness of its legal compliance and enterprise risk management programs. The Board oversees management and plans for the succession of key executives. The Board oversees the Corporation's strategic and business planning process. This is generally a year-round process culminating in full meeting Board reviews of the Corporation's updated Corporate Strategic Plan, its business plan, the next year's capital expenditures budget plus key financial and supplemental objectives.
Directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with The Way, and a commitment to building stockholder value. They should have business acumen and broad experience and expertise at the policy-making level in one or more of the areas of particular consideration below and should be able to provide insights and practical wisdom based on their experience or expertise. They should have sufficient time to effectively carry out their duties. 
The Board Nominating and Governance Committee regularly reviews the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Directors in the context of the current composition of the Board, the operating requirements of the Corporation and the long-term interests of stockholders. In conducting this assessment, the Committee particularly considers leadership experience in business as a chief executive officer, senior executive or leader of significant business operations; expertise in science, technology, engineering, research, or academia; extensive knowledge of governmental, regulatory, legal, or public policy issues; expertise in finance, financial disclosure, or financial accounting; global business or international affairs experience; environmental experience; public company board service; and diversity, of age, gender, ethnicity, and such other factors as it deems appropriate given the current needs of the Board and the Corporation, to maintain a balance of knowledge, experience, background, and capability.
majority of the Board consists of independent Directors, as defined by the New York Stock Exchange. To be considered "independent," a Director must be determined by the Board, after recommendation by the Board Nominating and Governance Committee and after due deliberation, to have no material relationship with the Company other than as a Director. In making its determination concerning the absence of a material relationship, the Board adheres to all of the specific tests for independence included in the New York Stock Exchange listing standards. In addition, the Board has determined that the following relationships of Directors occurring within the last fiscal year are categorically immaterial if the relevant transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of business:
 if business transactions in the most recent fiscal year between and that entity do not exceed $5 million or five percent of the receiving entity's consolidated gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater.
 if Chevron's discretionary charitable contributions in the most recent fiscal year to that entity do not exceed $1 million or two percent of that entity's gross revenues for that year, whichever is greater, and if the charitable contributions are consistent with Chevron's philanthropic practices.
relationship arising solely from a Director's ownership of an equity or limited partnership interest in a party that engages in a transaction with Chevron, so long as the Director's ownership interest does not exceed two percent of the total equity or partnership interest in that other party.
The By-Laws provide that the number of Directors is determined by the Board. The Board's size is assessed at least annually by the Board Nominating and Governance Committee and changes are recommended to the Board when appropriate. If any nominee is unable to serve as a Director, the Board may reduce the number of Directors or choose a substitute.
Directors serve for a one-year term and until their successors are elected.
As provided in Chevron's By-Laws, candidates for Directors are elected annually by a majority vote in an uncontested election and by a plurality vote in a contested election. Any Director nominated for re-election who does not receive more votes cast "for" such nominee's election than votes cast "against" such nominee's election, excluding abstentions, shall submit his or her offer of resignation for consideration by the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee shall consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances, including the Director's qualifications, the Director's past and expected future contributions to the Corporation, the overall composition of the Board and whether accepting the tendered resignation would cause the Corporation to fail to meet any applicable rule or regulation (including listing requirements and federal securities laws) and recommend to the Board the action to be taken with respect to such offer of resignation.
The Board of Directors proposes a slate of nominees for consideration each year. Between Annual Meetings, the Board may select one or more Directors to serve until the next Annual Meeting. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee identifies, investigates and recommends prospective directors to the Board with the goal of creating a balance of knowledge, experience and diversity aligned with the long-term interest of stockholders. Stockholders may recommend a nominee by writing to the Corporate Secretary specifying the nominee’s name and the qualifications for Board membership. All recommendations are brought to the attention of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee.
Directors limit their other board memberships to a number which permits them, given their individual circumstances, to responsibly perform all of their Director duties, with no Director serving on the boards of more than five publicly traded companies. Director who also serves as the of a publicly traded company should not serve on more than three boards of publicly traded companies (including the company for which the Director is CEO). Current positions in excess of these limits may be maintained unless the Board Nominating and Governance Committee determines that doing so would impair the Director's service on the Corporation's Board. To avoid any potential conflict of interest, Directors will not accept a seat on any additional public company board without first notifying the Lead Director and the Chairman of the Board. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and concurs in the election of any employee Director to outside, for-profit board positions.
Non-employee Directors may not stand for re-election after reaching age 74. Employee Directors may not serve as Directors once their employment with the Corporation ends. Mandatory retirement for employee Directors is age 65.
non-Employee Director shall submit to the Board Nominating and Governance Committee a letter offering to resign if his or her principal occupation or business association changes substantially during his or her tenure as a Director. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee will review and recommend to the Board the action, if any, to be taken with respect to the offer of resignation.
The Board has four committees: Audit, Board Nominating and Governance, Management Compensation and Public Policy. Board committee members shall be appointed annually by the Board upon the recommendation from the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. All Committees are comprised solely of independent Directors and members of the Audit, Board Nominating and Governance and Management Compensation committees are independent Directors, as defined by the New York Stock Exchange. In addition, all Audit Committee members meet the requirement that they may not directly or indirectly receive any compensation from the Corporation other than their Directors' compensation.
Each committee is chaired by an independent Director who determines the agenda, the frequency and length of the meetings and who has unlimited access to management, information and independent advisors, as necessary and appropriate. Each independent Director generally serves on one or two committees. Committee members serve staggered terms enabling Directors to rotate periodically to different committees. Four- to six-year terms for committee chairpersons facilitate rotation of committee chairpersons while preserving experienced leadership.
The independent Directors select the Chairman of the Board annually. The independent Directors review the propriety of combining or separating the offices of Chairman and annually in connection with its selection of the Chairman. The independent Directors may select the Corporation’s to serve as Chairman.
When the Board selects the to serve as Chairman, the independent Directors will annually select a Lead Director from among the independent Directors serving on the Corporation's Board. The Lead Director will chair all meetings of the Board in the Chairman's absence, chair the executive sessions, lead non-management Directors in an annual evaluation of the performance of the as well as communicate that evaluation to the CEO, oversee the process for succession planning, lead the Board’s review of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee’s assessment and recommendations from the Board self-evaluation process, serve as a liaison between the Chairman and the independent Directors, consult with the Chairman on and approve agendas and schedules for Board meetings and other matters pertinent to the Corporation and the Board, be available to advise the committee chairs of the Board in fulfilling their designated roles and responsibilities, and participate in the interview process for prospective directors with the Board Nominating and Governance Committee. The Lead Director will have the authority to call meetings of the independent Directors and will be available as appropriate for consultation and direct communication with major stockholders.
Independent Directors meet in executive session at each regularly scheduled Board meeting. The sessions are chaired by the Lead Director if the serves as Chairman; otherwise, the sessions are chaired by the Chairman. Any independent Director can request that an executive session be scheduled. 
The Board expects all Directors, as well as officers and employees, to display the highest standard of ethics, consistent with The Way. The Board also expects Directors, officers and employees to acknowledge their adherence to the Corporation's Business Conduct and Ethics Code. The Corporation has and will continue to maintain the Business Conduct and Ethics Code. The Board's Audit Committee periodically reviews compliance with this Code.
The proceedings and deliberations of the Board and its Committees are confidential. Each Director will maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary, privileged or otherwise protected information about the Corporation and other entities that the Director obtains in connection with his or her service as a Director, except where the disclosure is authorized or required by law.
Annually, the Lead Director will lead the independent Directors' review of candidates for all senior management positions to ensure that qualified candidates are available for all positions and that development plans are being utilized to strengthen the skills and qualifications of the candidates.
Independent Directors receive compensation that is competitive, links rewards to business results and stockholder returns, and facilitates increased ownership of the Corporation's stock. The compensation consists of cash and equity components with a goal of providing greater than 50 percent of compensation in equity. The Corporation does not have a retirement plan for non-employee Directors. Employee Directors are not paid additional compensation for their services as Directors. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews and recommends changes to Board compensation to ensure that the total compensation remains competitive and appropriate.
Directors are encouraged and provided opportunities to talk directly to any member of management regarding any questions or concerns the Director may have.
The Corporation has and will continue to maintain an orientation program that contains written material, oral presentations and site visits. The Corporation maintains a list of continuing director education opportunities and all directors are encouraged to periodically attend, at Company expense, director continuing education programs offered by various organizations. The Corporation also provides ongoing Director education through presentations at Board and Committee meetings and Board briefings.
The Board and each Board committee conduct a self-evaluation annually. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee oversees this self-evaluation process and assesses the full Board's performance. As part of the evaluation, the Committee also invites input on individual director performance. The Committee recommends changes to improve the Board, the Board committees and individual Director effectiveness. The Committee utilizes the annual Board evaluation to gather input to assist the Committees' evaluation and recommendations.
The Board annually reviews the performance. To conduct this review, the Board Nominating and Governance and Management Compensation Committee chairpersons gather and consolidate input from all Directors. The consolidated input is reviewed at a meeting in executive session with all independent Directors after which the chairpersons present the results of the review to the CEO.
The Board expects all Directors and executive officers to display confidence in the Corporation by ownership of a significant amount of stock. The Board has structured its compensation to strive to result in ownership of at least 7 times the annual cash retainer amount or 15,000 shares of stock or stock units after five years of service as a Director. The Board Nominating and Governance Committee periodically assesses the guidelines and Directors' ownership relative to these guidelines, and makes recommendations as appropriate. The Board has also established stock ownership guidelines for executive officers of the Corporation. Targets are based on a multiple of base salary: 6 times; Vice Chairman, Executive Vice Presidents and Chief Financial Officer 4 times; all other executive officers 2 times. Executives are expected to achieve targets within 5 years of assuming their positions. The Management Compensation Committee periodically assesses the guidelines and the executive officers' ownership relative to these guidelines, and makes recommendations as appropriate.
The Board and each Board committee have the right at any time to retain independent outside financial, legal or other advisors.
The Chairman in coordination with the Lead Director sets the schedule for Board meetings and determines the timing and length of the meetings of the Board. In addition to regularly scheduled meetings, unscheduled Board meetings may be called, upon proper notice, at any time to address specific needs of the Corporation. The Annual Meeting of stockholders will be scheduled in conjunction with a regularly scheduled Board meeting. The Board expects all Directors to attend regularly scheduled Board meetings and the Annual Meeting of stockholders, unless there are extenuating circumstances.
The Chairman in consultation with the Lead Director establishes the agenda for each Board meeting, taking into account input and suggestions from other Directors and management. The Directors also provide input for additional pre-meeting materials. They make suggestions to the appropriate committee chairperson at any time. The agendas for Board meetings provide opportunities for the operating heads of the major businesses of the Corporation to make presentations to the Board. Each year the Board reviews the long-term strategic plan for the Corporation and the principal issues that the Corporation expects to face in the future.
The Board will reconsider any stockholder proposal not supported by the Board that receives a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting at which a quorum is present. Action taken on the proposal will be reported to stockholders in a timely manner.
has a confidential voting policy to protect stockholders' voting privacy. Under this policy, ballots, proxy forms and voting instructions returned to brokerage firms, banks and other holders of record are kept confidential. Only the proxy solicitor, proxy tabulator and the Inspector of Election have access to the ballots, proxy forms and voting instructions. Anyone who processes or inspects ballots, proxy forms or voting instructions signs a pledge to treat them as confidential. None of these persons is a employee. The proxy solicitor and the proxy tabulator will disclose information taken from the ballots, proxy forms and voting instructions only in the event of a proxy contest or as otherwise required by law.
Interested parties wishing to communicate their concerns or questions about to the Lead Director or to independent Directors may do so by mail to Lead Director or to independent Directors, c/o Office of the Corporate Secretary, Corporation, 6001 Bollinger Canyon Road, San Ramon, 94583. The Corporate Secretary will compile the communications, summarize lengthy or repetitive communications and forward to the Lead Director or the independent Directors. The Corporate Secretary will also coordinate any requests from stockholders for additional communications with the Lead Director.
The Audit Committee has procedures in place to receive, retain and treat complaints received regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and to allow for the confidential and anonymous submission by anyone of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. These procedures can be found on the website at 
The Board will obtain stockholder approval of any stockholder rights plan. The Board will obtain such approval prior to the implementation of a stockholder rights plan, except in the following limited circumstance. If a majority of the independent Directors conclude that it would be detrimental to the best interests of the Corporation and the holders of the majority of the shares of its common stock to defer the effectiveness of a stockholder rights plan until stockholder approval of the plan can be obtained, then the Board may implement a rights plan prior to obtaining stockholder approval. In such a case, the Board will submit the stockholder rights plan to stockholders for approval at the first meeting of stockholders for which a record date passes after the adoption of the stockholder rights plan. If stockholder approval is not obtained, the rights plan would terminate not later than 30 days after the vote has been certified by the inspector of elections.
The Board Nominating and Governance Committee and the Board review these Corporate Governance Guidelines and related corporate governance documents at least annually and revise as appropriate.
Chevron's Board committee membership is shown below. All four standing Board committees are composed entirely of independent directors. 
Committee Charters outline the terms and responsibilities of each committee of the Board of Directors.
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in ensuring that the corporation’s financial statements are properly audited, that the corporation maintains an effective internal audit function and that the corporation complies with legal and regulatory requirements, among other duties.
The Board Nominating and Governance Committee assists the Board of Directors in defining and assessing qualifications for membership on the Board of Directors, and in identifying qualified candidates, makes recommendations for organization of the Board's affairs and addresses stockholder concerns regarding corporate governance, among other duties.
The Management Compensation Committee assists the Board in determining salary and other compensation matters for executive officers and in establishing and administering incentive compensation and equity-based compensation plans for company management, among other duties.
The Public Policy Committee assists the Board of Directors in identifying, evaluating and monitoring public policy trends and social, political and environmental issues that could impact the Corporation's business activities and performance. It also reviews and makes recommendations for the Corporation's strategies related to corporate responsibility and reputation management.
and its employees have a worldwide reputation for conducting business with honesty and integrity. Our Business Conduct and Ethics Code provides information about how we conduct our day-to-day business activities according to the principles of The Way. The Business Conduct and Ethics Code is required reading for all directors and employees.
Interested parties wishing to communicate their concerns or questions about to the Lead Director or to any other Independent Director may do so by mail to:
The Board Nominating and Governance Committee reviews interested-party communications, including stockholder inquiries, directed to Independent Directors. The Corporate Secretary and Chief Governance Officer will compile the communications, summarize lengthy or repetitive communications received and report on responses sent.
Anyone with a concern or complaint about Chevron’s accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters may communicate it to the Audit Committee by sending the Committee a letter in care of the Secretary of the Audit Committee:
2017 Supplement to the Annual Report
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
At Chevron, we rely on the power of human energy to help us find newer, smarter, ever-cleaner ways to power the world. At the same time, we invest in people to strengthen organizational capability and develop a talented global workforce that gets results the right way. We are committed to protecting the safety and health of our workforce, and we respect the human rights of our employees and the members of the communities in which we operate.
lost work days per 200,000 work-hours in 2017
letters sent to senior leaders of goods and services companies outlining our commitment to respecting human rights 
We deliver world class performance with a focus on preventing high-consequence incidents. Our safety culture is based on two key principles: do it safely or not at all; and there is always time to do it right.
works to reduce the risks and potential impacts associated with the life cycle of our products. We assess safety, health and environmental information as well as compliance with product safety legal requirements. Our Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) is designed to help continually assess compliance with product stewardship requirements.
Our highest priority is to eliminate fatalities and prevent serious injuries and illnesses.  This requires operational discipline among our more than 48,000 employees and our full-time-equivalent contractor workforce of more than 163,000. Through application of our OEMS, we work to understand and recognize hazards and risks in each area of our operations, implement appropriate safeguards, and then assure that our safeguards are in place and functioning.
We apply our to manage process safety as we work to prevent serious incidents, such as explosions, fires and accidental releases. As part of our ongoing operational focus, we conduct systematic reviews of facilities and projects to identify and reduce risks, and we perform hazard analyses to strengthen safeguards that can prevent injury and loss of containment.
Process safety is incorporated into the design of every production facility. Through policies, training and tools, we’re helping our workforce focus on protecting the safety and health of people.
Natalie Martin, a health, environment and safety specialist at Chevron, explains how process safety enhances personal safety  on an offshore rig.
We invest in people to strengthen organizational capability and develop a talented global workforce that gets results the right way. Our success in attracting, developing and retaining a diverse workforce comes from strategies, programs and processes based on The Way.
Chevron’s more than 48,000 employees are an integral part of the success of our business, and we are committed to contributing to their career goals and professional development.
We communicate openly with our more than 48,000 employees, which is necessary to grow a high-performing workforce and achieve our joint objectives as a company.
The Fellows are the best and brightest technical minds in the company. Through the Mentoring Excellence in Technology program, they help to prepare the next generation of technical specialists at Chevron. Paul Siegele, chief technology officer at Chevron, introduces the Fellows who are working to meet the world’s energy demand – now and for the future.
read the video transcript about mentoring the next generation of innovators
diverse workforce and an inclusive culture strengthen business performance, drive innovation, increase employee engagement and lead us
to greater long-term success.
has unwavering respect for human rights, which is reflected in our Human Rights Policy and reflected in the positive role we play in the communities
Learn about our corporate responsibility activities and results
Supplier diversity: We promote an inclusive business environment
Environmental, social and governance reporting
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
view the 2017 corporate responsibility report highlights
Our corporate responsibility reporting focuses on environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that matter to our business and our stakeholders – investors, customers, host governments, local communities and employees. To select the content for our 
, we used an issue prioritization process that involved the following steps:
 team of employees from across our functions and business segments identified and validated topics that are salient to our stakeholders and our business, using the outcomes from prior issue prioritization processes 
as our starting point
. The team considered internal and external sources, including international reporting guidelines and frameworks, analytics, topics addressed in previous Corporate Responsibility Reports, feedback received on the 
The team conducted an initial prioritization of issues based on relevance to our business and then sought feedback on the initial prioritization of issues through dialogues with internal subject matter experts and external stakeholders.
 The team determined the issues that are of highest priority for our reporting.
Chevron's Global Issues Committee, a subcommittee of Chevron's Executive Committee, reviewed and validated the team's assessment and prioritization.
Our prioritized issues reflect topics covered in the 2015 edition of the IPIECA/API/IOGP
Oil and gas industry guidance on voluntary sustainability reporting. 
*(the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues)/American Petroleum Institute/International Association of Oil & Gas Producers.
The new 2017 Corporate Responsibility Report Highlights, now in its 16
 year of publication, underscores our belief that our business success is tied to the progress and prosperity of the people we collaborate with and the communities where we work. Everywhere we work, we demonstrate ethical, environmentally responsible, safe and respectful business practices.
the business of progress: 2017 corporate responsibility report
view report about the Gulf of Mexico 
view report about the Mid-Continent
Our data from 2017 reflect the progress we’ve made in our environmental, health and safety, and social performance. See all IPIECA/API/reporting.
Being honest and upholding the highest standards of integrity and trust are among Chevron’s core values. We believe  in being responsive to our stakeholders.
learn more about our commitment  
Upholding the highest standards of integrity and trust are among Chevron’s core values.
has strict policies and internal approval  processes that comply with all applicable laws governing  political contributions.
learn more about our political contributions
To promote revenue transparency globally, we  participate in the multinational, multi stakeholder-run Extractive Industries  Transparency Initiative.
We lobby ethically, constructively and in a  nonpartisan manner. We encourage our employees, retirees and others to communicate with officials as permitted  by law.
Learn more about our corporate responsibility activities and results
Provide feedback on our Corporate Responsibility Report and website
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
We instill a culture of operational excellence (OE) that places the highest priority on the safety and health of our workforce and on the protection of communities, the environment and our assets. We are committed to continually improving our environmental performance and reducing the potential impacts of our operations through the implementation of our Operational Excellence Management System.
our systematic approach to environmental management
The Environment is one of the six focus areas of our Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS), which puts into action our Way value to protect people and the environment across the life of our assets. The objective for the Environment Focus Area establishes the priority for our global operations to assess and manage their significant environmental risks. 
To drive consistency in meeting our Environment Focus Area expectations, we have an Environmental Stewardship (ES) process. The process directs our businesses to create an inventory of how their activities interact with the environment. These environmental aspects and their related potential impacts are then used to identify, assess and prioritize environmental risk and improvement opportunities.
In addition to our process, we have an Environmental, Social and Health Impact Assessment (ESHIA) process. Our process is designed to consistently identify and address potentially significant project-related environmental, social and health impacts. Sits inception in 2007, we have used our process in the planning and implementation of more than 900 capital projects worldwide.
has eight environmental standards, which apply a consistent level of rigor in managing the environmental aspects of our business. The corporate standards include Third-Party Waste Stewardship and Health, Environment and Safety Property Transfer.
We also have six Upstream-specific environmental performance standards (EPSs) for managing air emissions, flaring and venting, natural resources (including water and land use), offshore drilling fluid and cuttings, produced water and waste. These EPSs are applied across our Upstream business and capital projects and provide uniform standards and operating practices.
We have four environmental principles that define our commitment to doing business in an environmentally responsible manner, as we believe that protecting the environment is compatible with providing energy. These principles are implemented across the life of our assets. 
Include the environment in decision making. 
    We all make decisions that may affect the environment. From our everyday actions to our major capital investments, we make better decisions when we consider the environment.
Reduce our environmental footprint. 
    We use our business processes to identify and manage risks to the environment and reduce potential environmental impacts throughout the life of our assets.
    We apply our Tenets of Operation and improve reliability and process safety to prevent accidental releases.
    We work to decommission, remediate and reclaim operating and legacy sites with the aim of beneficial reuse.
Consistent with (International Organization for Standardization) 14001, we defined seven types of environmental activities, or Core Corporate Environmental Aspects, that we address:
Management of all types of solid waste regardless of hazardous classification
Unplanned releases including petroleum and chemical spills and releases of hazardous vapors
learn more about preparing for potential emergencies
Energy use throughout Chevron’s operations and facilities and emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs)
Use of natural resources, including land and water, as well as biodiversity and potential impacts resulting from noise, vibrations and light
Management of all types of domestic and process wastewater, including produced water
and particulate matter), volatile organic compounds and hazardous air pollutants
We measure our environmental performance, which enables us to make informed business decisions around protection of the environment. In addition, we are committed to annually reporting performance data on the 11 environmental indicators in the 2015 IPIECA/API/IOGP
Oil and gas industry guidance on voluntary sustainability reporting
We utilize our environmental data to understand our performance and help identify potential areas of improvement.  We have invested in processes, systems and training to meet our objective of maintaining high-quality environmental data. For example, we conduct detailed onsite and desktop peer reviews of local data collection processes, with a focus on operations that contribute the most to our enterprisewide data. These peer reviews verify that all sources have been accounted for and reported in accordance with Chevron’s Operational Excellence Data Reporting Standard. Our peer review process and independent reviews by third parties continue to provide ongoing assurance of our data quality to enable informed business decisions.
view an independent review of chevron's emissions inventory
*(the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues)/American Petroleum Institute/International Association of Oil & Gas Producers.
Environmental, social and governance reporting
Climate change:  we take prudent, practical and cost-effective actions to address climate change risks
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
a century-old commitment to partnership is spurring local success stories
we partner with innovators to increase opportunities
We partner with innovators who increase opportunities for young people by teaching them about science, technology, engineering and math—STEM.
we partner with innovators to increase opportunities
celebrating more than 90 years of partnership
Chevron's partnership with Indonesia creates local, high-quality jobs that raise income levels and generate government revenues. 
celebrating more than 90 years of partnership
see how we're partnering with the community
Supporting economic development in Australia and onslow
see how we're partnering with the community
our community program in the niger delta
In 2005, Nigeria Limited adopted the Global Memorandum of Understanding (GMoU) as a new approach to community engagement in the Niger Delta, giving communities a greater role in managing their development through the Regional Development Councils.
our community program in the niger delta
learn about our environmental stewardship
is a partner with the Community Inclusion Project in Brazil which helps women develop business skills that lead to sustainable livelihoods for themselves and their families.
learn about our investment in STEM
Our investments in science, technology, engineering and math education help build students’ skills, which is important to a country's ability to compete in the global marketplace.
learn about our investment in STEM
learn about our incident prevention
Our ability to deliver energy safely is focused on building several layers of safeguards into everything we do.
learn about our incident prevention
Learn more about our corporate responsibility activities and results
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
We partner with innovators who increase opportunities for young people by teaching them about science, technology, engineering and math—STEM.
Chevron's partnership with Indonesia creates local, high-quality jobs that raise income levels and generate government revenues. 
study on Chevron’s contributions to Angola’s economy shows positive impact beyond the value of oil and gas production.
and the SDGs: The Business of Progress
Born HIV-Free in Africa: An Expectant Mother's Story
Chevron, in partnership with Pact, launched a $1.5 million, two-year initiative, II, in Nigeria, in 2016 aimed at increasing awareness of HIV/prevention, testing and treatment among expectant mothers. Here is one woman's story.
Learn about Chevron’s efforts to protect two species of hawks nesting near the site of a remediation project, where adherence to environmental best practices ensured that a red-tailed hawk fledgling could mature undisturbed.
Celebrating International Women's Day at Read the stories of some of our women employees and how they have persevered to become leaders in the workplace. 
Bringing the Fab to South by Southwest
As a participating sponsor of the 2018 Expo at EDU, our partnership with the Fab Foundation and our commitment to education take center stage.
Wild Files: Protecting Habitat in the Piceance Basin
Find out how works to conserve habitats during the company’s development of natural gas operations in the Piceance Basin of Colorado.
celebrates World Day 2017 by reflecting on their long-term commitment fighting HIV/around the world. 
Creating Prosperity in the United Kingdom
is generating significant economic benefits in the United Kingdom.
roots of change: chevron's model community program in the niger delta
roots of change: chevron's model community program in the niger delta
Model Community Program In The Niger Delta
In 2005, Nigeria Limited adopted the Global Memorandum of Understanding (GMoU) as a new approach to community engagement in the Niger Delta, giving communities a greater role in managing their development through the Regional Development Councils.
Learn about Chevron’s efforts to create a Monarch butterfly habitat and encourage new waystations along the butterflies’ migration path.
Chevron’s decade-long support for the Sheber artisans program has helped encourage and recognize the ancestral crafts of Kazakhstan, contributing to the country’s national heritage.
Environmental Management Company (EMC) is Chevron’s leader in global environmental management, remediation, reclamation and asset retirement.
pro bono and beyond: how human energy powers volunteering
pro bono and beyond: how human energy powers volunteering
Pro Bono and Beyond: How Human Energy Powers Volunteering
The volunteer series celebrates employee volunteers who support the communities where they live and work.
Learn about Chevron’s efforts to minimize the impact of seismic operations on marine mammals and reptiles, including dolphins, whales, and turtles, in Morocco.
Learn how supported an effort to rebuild the bee population in the Kurdistan Region while bolstering their economy by distributing beekeeping supplies and apiculture training to local villagers.
Learn how teamed up with the National Park Service to help protect the desert tortoise, one of the Mojave Desert’s endangered species.
The Village of QNew Mexico, was linked to Chevron’s molybdenum mine until its closure in 2014; the company is now helping to guide this remote community toward a new future.
Learn about our efforts to protect the Snakes of Soyo in this infographic. 
Building Nation Of Makers, Scientists In Thailand
making an impact in the niger delta
the niger delta partnership Initiative has brought significant international attention and resources to support sustainable development initiatives in the niger delta region
attends and sponsors the 21st International Conference to continue the fight against HIV/AIDS.
On the Road to Safety
In many of our business operations, sponsors safety programs to help educate our employees, contractors and community members how to avoid road accidents.
Our ability to deliver energy safely is focused on building several layers of safeguards into everything we do.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
privacyThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
we proactively consider climate change in our business decisions 
shares the concerns of governments and the public about climate change and believes that encouraging practical, cost-effective actions to address climate change risks while promoting economic growth is the right thing to do.
Read about the framework we use to think about climate change in relation to our industry, and specifically in relation to our business. 
At Chevron, we believe that managing climate change risks is an important element of our strategic focus to return superior value to stockholders. Although we cannot forecast exactly what will happen in the future, we believe Chevron’s governance, risk management and strategy processes are sufficient to mitigate the risks and capture opportunities associated with climate change. Throughout our long history, we have shown our resilience through our ability to adapt to changing conditions in the marketplace, and we will continue to adjust our business as needed to effectively and proactively manage climate change risks.
strives to contribute to the ongoing conversation about climate change. To that end, we voluntarily published Managing Climate Change Risks: Perspective for Investors in March 2017, in which we discussed our views on market fundamentals, governance, risk management and strategy. In March 2018, we issued a second, more detailed voluntary disclosure report, Climate Change Resilience: Framework for Decision Making . We encourage interested stakeholders to review our latest report to gain an understanding of Chevron’s current views on climate change.
Chevron’s governance structure includes multiple avenues for the Board of Directors and executive leadership to exercise their oversight responsibilities with respect to climate change risks, including through our Public Policy, Strategy and Planning, and Global Issues committees, each of which meets regularly throughout the year. We periodically reassess our governance structure to ensure that maintains a Board composition and framework that is effective for managing the company’s performance and risks to our business as we strive to deliver value to our stockholders.
faces a broad array of risks, including market, operational, strategic, legal, regulatory, political and financial risks. We undertake an enterprisewide process to identify major risks to the company and ensure that appropriate mitigation plans are in place. As part of this process, we conduct an annual risk review with executive leadership and the Board of Directors.
Chevron’s strategic and business planning processes bring together the company’s views on energy market conditions to guide decision making by executive leadership and facilitate discussion with the Board of Directors. The energy demands of the world are greater today than at any other time in human history. Most published outlooks conclude that fossil fuel demand will continue to grow over the coming decades. As part of our strategic planning process, we use our proprietary models to forecast demand, energy mix, supply, commodity pricing and carbon prices – all of which include assumptions about future policy developments, such as those that may be implemented in support of the Paris Agreement.
Our Policy Principles for Addressing Climate Change guide our actions. 
We take prudent, practical and cost-effective actions to address potential climate change risks as part of our commitment to running our business the right way and unlocking the potential for progress and prosperity everywhere we work. Below are examples of some of the actions we are taking in the areas of greenhouse gas management, energy efficiency, renewable energy and emerging technology, and investing in the innovations and innovators of tomorrow.
we are committed to managing the emissions from our operations
we strive to use energy as efficiently as possible in our own operations
we believe renewable energy and emerging technology will play a role in meeting future energy demand
we take an open-innovation approach to technology development and invest in the next generation of energy technology and industry innovators
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
everywhere we work, we strive to build lasting partnerships to create prosperity now and for decades to come
We invest significantly in major projects and local goods and services, create jobs, and generate revenues for local communities. Beyond contributions to our partner countries through direct business investments and taxes, we contribute to local communities by making strategic social investments in three core areas: health, education and economic development.
Watch the video above to learn more about the Business of Progress. 
Through decades of experience, we’ve learned that our business success is deeply linked to society’s progress.
partners with independent research and analysis firms to assess our economic impact on countries where we operate. These studies evaluate Chevron’s direct and indirect spending throughout our supply chain and show the positive impact on local employment and spending, which improves livelihoods.
Beyond contributions to our partner countries through direct business investments and taxes, we contribute to local communities by making strategic social investments in three core areas: health, education and economic development. Each pin on this interactive map represents an example of Chevron’s social investment programs and partnerships. Click on the pins to explore the map and learn how these programs impact the communities where we operate.
We work with communities and partners to make social investments in programs that promote self-sufficiency, job growth and economic development. We start by working closely with the communities and our partners to assess local needs, then we take actions to help remove barriers to economic growth.
Our partnership initiatives around the world strengthen local economies through programs that provide microloan services, that focus on enterprise  and workforce development, and that improve education. Among these partnerships are the Niger Delta  Partnership Initiative (NDPI), the Appalachia Partnership Initiative (API) in the United States, the Bangladesh Partnership Initiative (BPI) and the Thailand Partnership Initiative (TPI). By leveraging  our partners’ resources and expertise we can help drive scale and sustainable impact in these communities.
The petroleum-rich Niger Delta is home to more than  30 million people, 70 percent of whom live in poverty. In 2010  established the Foundation and  contributed $50 million to improve socioeconomic conditions in the region. In 2014, committed to invest an additional $40 million over the next five years. 
The is a $20 million effort designed to  address education and workforce development in 27 counties across  southwestern Pennsylvania, northern West Virginia and eastern Ohio. The  is part of a long-term regional commitment to improve science, technology,  engineering and math (STEM) education and further develop a highly skilled  workforce for the energy and manufacturing industries.
In 2014, announced a $10 million commitment  to create the BPI, a five-year program to  support economic development for communities in the Greater Sylhet region. This is one of the largest corporate social investments ever  made in Bangladesh. Working with local nongovernmental organizations and  international development organizations, the assesses local needs and  establishes enterprise and workforce development programs.
In 2014, partnered with nongovernmental  organizations, academia, key government science and education organizations,  and the private sector to launch the TPI, known locally as the Enjoy Science Project.  The $30 million initiative aims to strengthen Thailand’s competitiveness and  innovation by increasing the quality of science and mathematics teaching. 
We recognize the deep interdependence of healthy businesses and healthy societies. And we know that when employees and communities succeed, we succeed. invests in programs aimed at improving access to health care for our workforce and the communities where we operate. Working with partners, we support initiatives that build local capacity and deliver real and lasting gains in the fight against devastating diseases and other important health issues.
Sthe 1980s, has been devastating areas where some of our largest operations are located. In response, began to promote HIV/ education in the workplace. In 2005, ours was the first oil and gas company to implement a global HIV/policy. In 2011, we refined our mission to help prevent mother-to-child transmission of through partnerships with Pact, Born Free Africa, and The Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. 
One way we promote the health of our workforce is through peer-based education programs. Peer Health Educators (PHEs) are well-trained, motivated employees who volunteer their time to provide their peers with health-related education and activities. has 394 PHEs in Nigeria, Angola, the and Indonesia.
strives to build capacity by strengthening health  systems. partnership with Baylor College of Medicine (BCM)  and the Baylor International Pediatric Initiative at Texas Children’s  Hospital (TCH) provides pediatric health care and treatment to medically  underserved populations in Africa and Latin America. In 2011,  partnered with the Republic of Angola, and to create Angola’s first  comprehensive program to screen and treat newborns for sickle cell anemia.
If people and communities are to thrive, education and job training are of critical importance. We’re focused on improving instruction in science, technology, engineering and math and providing career and technical training that can lead directly to well-paying jobs.
Working with our partners, we take a comprehensive  approach to education investments by getting students excited about  and encouraging them to pursue courses and careers. We support teacher training, provide classroom resources, fund  outside-of-school activities, and develop partnerships with universities  designed to strengthen faculty, curricula and student development.
We are committed to increasing access to and the quality of education around the world because an educated and skilled workforce leads to economic growth – for our business, our partners and the  communities where we operate.
We invest in workforce training and job skills development because we know that an educated and skilled workforce leads to economic growth, for our business and the communities where we operate. We support a range of job training and workforce development programs that provide opportunities for career-building skills to succeed in the jobs of the future.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
respect for human rights is rooted in our values and applies wherever we do business
Chevron’s human rights policy is consistent with international standards, and is informed by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.   Although governments have the primary duty to protect and ensure fulfillment of human rights, believes that we have a responsibility to respect human rights and that we can play a positive role in the communities where we operate. As stated in The Way :  “We conduct our business in a socially and environmentally responsible manner, respecting the law and universal human rights to benefit the communities where we work.” Chevron’s Human Rights Policy focuses on treating our employees in a manner consistent with The Way, conducting security operations in a responsible manner, evaluating how our operations may impact communities and engaging with suppliers on issues related to human rights. The policy is governed by Chevron's Global Issues Committee,  – a subcommittee of Chevron's executive committee, and involves oversight by our Board of Directors.
Our Corporate Human Rights Policy was adopted in 2009, following a Human Rights Statement endorsed in 2005. Our policy applies to all of our our employees and operations, guides our respect for human rights across the business, fosters greater awareness of human rights issues throughout the company and enhances our capabilities to identify and manage human rights risks. regularly identifies and manages potential impacts through processes and tools, including global and context-specific impact assessments.  We operationalize our Human Rights Policy by disseminating processes, procedures and tools to practitioners, including guidance on conducting risk assessments, on engaging with business suppliers and security providers, and on managing community issues. The policy is embedded in Chevron’s Business Conduct and Ethics Code compliance training for all employees. Various levels of training are in place to inform our teams as they work to manage our potential impacts in the communities where we operate, the provision of security, the administration of our workforce, and the procurement of products and services.
As a founding member of the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights Initiative (VPI),  which launched in 2000, has long demonstrated dedication to responsible security. The is a multistakeholder initiative where government, civil society and company participants work together to promote implementation of a set of principles that guide oil, gas and mining companies on how to provide security for their operations in a manner that respects human rights. These principles are embedded throughout Chevron’s global operations. Our  Operational Excellence Management System  provides a comprehensive framework to identify and mitigate security risk and aligns security operations with our Human Rights Policy.
In 2015, we updated the process governing security guidelines and safeguards, helping us continue conducting security operations in compliance with our Human Rights Policy and applicable national and international law. In 2016, thousands of public and private security personnel associated with Chevron’s global operations received training on the Voluntary Principles.
We recognize that our operations have the potential to affect the well-being of the communities in which we work. That is why has a process that applies to capital projects within our operational control, and which provides a systematic and risk based approach to identifying, assessing and managing potentially significant impacts, including human rights issues. The impact assessments consider potential impacts our capital projects may have on surrounding communities. Early engagement with communities and key stakeholders is integral to planning a large capital project as it helps the project develop appropriate impact mitigation plans during the early stage of project development. If initial assessments demonstrate the need for a more detailed Human Rights Impact Assessment, experts will undertake that due diligence (an ongoing risk management process enabling a company to identify, prevent, mitigate and account for how it addresses its adverse human rights impacts) to help the company consider how to safeguard the rights and interests of potentially affected communities.
When potential issues related to resettlement of communities or engagement with indigenous peoples are identified, Chevron's Resettlement Guidance and Indigenous Peoples Guidance provide our business units with a roadmap for how to navigate those situations in a manner that respects the involved rights holders (see below). Our commitment to stakeholder engagement is embedded in the Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) in the form of a Stakeholder Engagement Process.
Chevron's Stakeholder Engagement Process requires that appropriate systems and plans be in place at the operational level to manage community input and issues. At Chevron, stakeholder engagement is a continual process through which the views of individuals or groups are obtained and considered in decision making. It is critical in identifying and mitigating risk, bringing about sustainable social and economic development, and fostering constructive relationships. Listening to and engaging appropriate stakeholders improves our ability to anticipate change; avoid or manage conflict; identify emerging issues, trends, and opportunities; appreciate and respect cultural diversity; and understand key economic, environmental, and social issues that affect our decision making and performance. Several corporate guidance documents identify stakeholder engagement as a business requirement.
Chevron’s Stakeholder Engagement Process is based on energy industry best practices, which define stakeholder engagement, and explain its importance to our business. As stakeholder engagement is practiced at both the corporate, regional, and local levels of Chevron, the process provides general guidance, principles and steps for identifying stakeholders, planning and executing an engagement process that can be scaled to local operating environments, and specific business requirements. In summary, the process requires that:
system is in place to identify stakeholders and to plan and execute engagement with them that promotes mutual     understanding about projects, operations, facilities, and products.
fosters ongoing two-way engagement with communities, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs),     government and regulatory authorities, and other appropriate stakeholders to address potential security, safety, health, environmental, supply chain, social, human rights and other concerns.
Appropriate plans are in place and updated on a continual basis to include stakeholder engagement, issues management, and social investment.
acknowledges the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) and is committed to interacting with indigenous communities in a way that respects their history, culture and customs, within applicable legal and constitutional frameworks. We carry out this commitment by following our Human Rights Policy, which sets the expectation for the company to consult with indigenous communities and understand their perspectives on projects and ongoing operations. Chevron’s Indigenous Peoples' Guidance document outlines key provisions for effective management of relations with Indigenous Peoples, which include stakeholder identification, defining the regulatory framework, determining a preferred method of engagement, assessing potential impacts and benefits, conducting community consultations, and developing and managing plans. On-the-ground practitioners also benefit from active information sharing among a network of experienced employees.
is Colombia’s largest producer of natural gas, and much of it comes from La Guajira, home to the indigenous Wayúu people. supports the concept of free, prior and informed consultation as part of our work engaging stakeholders to foster trust and build relationships.
In 2016, introduced a Grievance Mechanism Guidance to encourage best practice in community feedback systems and to enable our business units to identify and respond to community concerns that may call for remedy. Chevron's guidance helps business units design or update a grievance mechanism that strives to be legitimate, accessible, predictable, equitable, transparent, and rights-compatible. The mechanism should be based on engagement and two-way dialogue and promote continuous learning.
benefits from an internal “community of practice” network of experienced social performance practitioners. For example, convenes workshops for company practitioners who are involved in managing land issues related to resettlement. In the workshops, practitioners discuss how the company's expectations on human rights extend to resettlement issues, discuss relevant international standards and share lessons learned from their practical experiences.
launched human rights training in 2012. Sthen, the training has been taken more than 20,000 times.
We expect our suppliers to treat their employees and to interact with communities in ways that respect human rights and are consistent with the spirit of our Human Rights Policy. We require that our key suppliers adhere to all domestic laws and encourage them to align their practices with the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) core principles. These principles include the freedom of association, the right to collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labor, the abolition of child labor, and the elimination of discrimination in the workplace. 
seeks to implement our human rights–related expectations of contractors, suppliers and services providers through a variety of due diligence and performance management processes that we apply to current and potential suppliers. For example, in 2017, we disqualified two companies competing for a contract after learning of forced labor in their operations. 
One way that manages potential human rights risk in our supply chain is through our Contractor Health, Environment and Safety Management, or Through this process, we work with suppliers to increase accountability and continually improve their performance. Major suppliers are selected for periodic audits and business units may use internal, external or third-party auditing resources, depending on the audit strategy. The audits cover health, environmental and safety standards and compliance. Labor issues or concerns may be emphasized as part of this process, depending on the business location.
Annually, sends letters to the executive leadership of several hundred suppliers – selected based on third-party data and objective criteria for evaluating their human rights risk – about the importance of respecting human rights. We take the opportunity to remind these leaders that expects our business partners to treat their employees and interact with communities in a manner consistent with our Human Rights Policy and the ILO’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. In 2017, we sent letters to more than 850 suppliers around the world. 
employs tens of thousands of people globally, creating local jobs and developing local workforces. The Way and our policies require that we treat all of our employees with respect and dignity and promote diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Our company policies and procedures adhere to all applicable domestic laws and are consistent with core labor principles, including freedom of association and collective bargaining, nondiscrimination, and the elimination of forced labor and underage workers in the workplace.
An example of this is Chevron’s enterprisewide labor relations policy. If employees choose union representation, a Works Council or labor organization representation, Chevron’s policy is to attempt to establish a positive, cooperative business relationship with the certified representative of choice. We seek to adopt labor relations strategies that foster cooperation, open communication, and both employee and union participation in meeting the goals of the company. Our business units are expected to make labor relations decisions consistent with The Way, the business unit's strategies and business plans and local government regulations.
 works to advance initiatives related to business and human rights, including  through groups such as IPIECA, the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues. IPIECA’s Human Rights Task Force and Social  Responsibility Working Group develop best practices and disseminate learning  materials to industry practitioners on key issues where human rights impacts  can occur, including within our supply chain and security operations, and in  the communities where we operate. helped develop its Responsible Security Operations Task Force, which is working to share practices on security and human rights through information sharing, training and peer learning. is also a member of the Global Business Initiative  on Human Rights and other organizations that seek to advance corporate  respect for human rights around the world.
Chevron’s decision whether to invest in a country of a particular project or to continue or cease operations requires consideration of financial and nonfinancial criteria. For instance, we assess whether operating conditions will allow us to provide a safe and secure environment for our personnel and assets and support human rights and anticorruption.  Read more about it in Chevron’s Global Operations, One Approach . 
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsskip to main content
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
or build a customized report by selecting the pages you would like to include. Save your report in format or print a hard copy. 
and the sustainable development goals
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
privacyThrough technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
we’re a proud proponent of diversity in the workforce, and we support an inclusive workplace that values the diversity of ideas
Diversity and inclusion are cornerstones of our corporate values, which we call The Way . As core values, diversity and inclusion are critical to developing the talented, high-performing workforce needed for ongoing business success. The Way’s focus on people has helped establish a culture that attracts, develops and retains more diverse talent. The Way states: “We learn from and respect the cultures in which we operate. We have an inclusive work environment that values the uniqueness and diversity of individual talents, experiences and ideas.”
Our diversity and inclusion initiatives have earned  recognition from several leading diversity organizations and  publications.
was honored to receive the prestigious 2015 Catalyst Award, the premier honor for companies committed to expanding opportunities for women.
In 2017, and for the 13th consecutive year, achieved a rating of 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, which ranks companies committed to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) equality in the workplace.
In 2017, received the Global Centre for Healthy Workplaces award  in recognition of our leading health programs. The award recognizes that healthy workplaces impact business outcomes and can promote productivity, reduce absenteeism and improve employee morale.
The National Business Inclusion Consortium named one of the 2018 top 30 American companies committed to diversity and inclusion for the community, people of color, women, and people with disabilities.
was recognized by the World Institute on Disability in 2017 for its long-term leadership on employee disability issues.
We’re  proud of being the first major integrated energy company to:
offer domestic partner benefits to employees.
fully implement trans-inclusive health care benefits.
include sexual orientation in its nondiscriminatory policies.
achieve a perfect score for 13 years in a row in the Human Rights Campaign ranking of  companies committed to equality in the workplace.
Reinforcing the critical importance of diversity and inclusion to business performance, The Way holds everyone accountable in advancing diversity at all levels of the company. Many of our more than 48,000 employees, including the CEO, have diversity action plans as part of their annual performance evaluation.
More than 15 diversity councils are focused on promoting diversity and inclusion at Chevron. Council members serve as resources for members in their respective organizations to help align diversity plans with business strategies.
the way: engineering opportunities for women
was honored with the Catalyst Award for efforts related to attracting, retaining, developing and advancing women at Chevron. Hear from executives and employees about the company’s 20-year journey to increase diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
Diversity and inclusion are cornerstones of The Way values and are critical to ongoing business success. An inclusive work environment that values the diversity of our employees’ talents, experiences and ideas, leads to more innovation and ultimately higher performance. The Way’s focus on people has helped establish a culture that attracts, develops and retains more diverse talent.
Partnering is critical to our success in attracting talent – we partner with governments, communities and educational organizations across the entire educational pathway.  We  build trusting and mutually beneficial relationships with strategic partners and are most successful when our partners succeed with us.
We have forged strategic relationships with more than 100 colleges and universities around the world – developing programs that will empower students and help us to enable human progress.
Our relationships and programs with historically black colleges and universities are designed to encourage minority participation in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).
Over the past few years, we have worked with our university partners to help them improve their diversity and inclusion efforts.  S2015, engineering deans from more than 200 universities have signed a pledge and committed resources to improving opportunities for women and underrepresented minorities, the retention of students, and the inclusivity of the environment at their universities.  We work with them to develop programs to address diversity and inclusion issues, and we partner with the American Society of Engineering Education to convene groups to leverage our efforts.
We have helped develop a number of programs focused on improving diversity with 4-year institutions and community colleges – Pathway Programs
We have awarded more than 300 scholarships through universities
We also partner with diversity associations such as the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), the American Indian Science and Engineering Society, the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers, Great Minds in STEM, Society of Women Engineers, INROADS, and the National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering to develop programs that will help provide opportunities for students.
Chevron’s Diversity Scholarship Program disburses $750,000 in scholarships annually through seven partner organizations. In 2017, 121 scholarships were awarded to students, 55 percent of whom were female and 88 percent of whom were diverse.
We currently have a pilot program underway with the National Association of Engineering Program Associates and Purdue Women in Engineering to improve math proficiency in African-American communities.
We support the NSBE’s Summer Engineering Experience for Kids (SEEK)  camps in Houston, Texas; New Orleans, Louisiana; and Oakland, California. The mission of is "To increase elementary school students' aptitude in math and science and their interest in pursuing (science, technology, engineering, math) career fields, by having them engage in interactive, team-based engineering projects."
other partnerships and programs
To help improve opportunities in education for young girls, we convened sessions with the National Science Foundation, Learn, and more than 15 professional and diversity associations to develop the Women in Engineering Educational Outreach and Training curriculum to arm teachers with materials on engineering that will help expand the pipeline of talent.  
We have an incredibly talented workforce willing to share its knowledge in our various mentorship programs. All employees have the option to find a mentor on their own or with the help of a supervisor, through programs specific to their business unit. Our employee networks also offer formal mentoring programs.
Aligning with our diversity goals, employees define measurable objectives they will be accountable for – and graded on – as a part of our annual performance evaluations. These plans can be tied to compensation and help achieve our vision of diversity.
To promote diversity and inclusion, we host more than 15 diversity councils across our business units and corporate functions that actively support our strategic approach to diversity.
To help ensure that our employees understand our policies and know how inclusion is practiced throughout our company, we provide opportunities such as diversity training, guidance on personal diversity action plans and lunchtime diversity learning sessions.
In 2017, more than 19,000 employees – nearly 40 percent of our regular workforce – participated in Chevron’s employee networks that celebrate and promote diversity. These networks act as a resource for attracting and retaining talent and enhance Chevron’s reputation through community activities and outreach. They also provide formal mentoring programs and offer opportunities for skill building and career development.
is a Catalyst initiative created for and led by men and women in partnership to achieve gender equality through workplace inclusion. In 2017, the Women’s Network and now-Mike Wirth brought programming to Chevron, beginning with a pilot in Houston. Chevron’s program now includes more than 750 employees in seven locations globally, with additional growth planned.
In 2017, we spent more than $600 million on goods and services from woman- and minority-owned businesses in the United States. We spent more than $1.6 billion on goods and services from U.S.-based small businesses.
Our employee networks bring essential value to the business. In 2017, more than 19,000 employees – nearly 40 percent of our regular workforce – participated in our employee networks.
Adriana, who works in information management, talks about the importance of diversity and inclusion within the company and how it affected her decision to work at Chevron.
As part of our Invest in People strategy, discussions focused on continually improving individual performance are held between managers and employees. In 2017, our eligible employees completed these performance discussions and set annual developmental objectives.
Skill development occeach stage of our employees’ careers. For example, all new employees are expected to participate in the onboarding learning journey – including the New to workshop – within their first six months on the job. In 2017, 90 percent of new hires met this goal.
Our Horizons program is an accelerated development program that builds the technical competency of employees who have fewer than six years of industry experience. More than 2,100 employees were active in Horizons in 2017.
strives to communicate openly with our more than 48,000 employees. In addition to our annual Worldwide Employee Town Hall, business units around the globe conduct town hall forums and meetings, addressing topics such as safety and business performance, as well as engaging with employees on a wide variety of other topics.
Every three years, we conduct a survey of our employees worldwide to understand their level of engagement, assess against the attributes of a high-performance organization, and measure the impact of our people development programs. This survey is supplemented by Pulse Surveys of our employees, which measure our progress and reinforce Chevron’s high-performance behaviors. Our most recent employee survey found a total employee engagement score of 90 percent – among the best in the oil and gas industry. In addition, 94 percent of employees surveyed reported that they “believe strongly in the goals and objectives of Chevron” and 93 percent reported being “proud to be a part of Chevron.”
We’re promoting an inclusive business environment, one supplier at a time.
Our values distinguish us and guide all of our business activities and decisions.
Our respect for human rights is rooted in our values and applies wherever we do business.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
top destinationsskip to main content
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
email emailenergy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
believes that environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance is important to our success and long-term viability. We continuously strive to enhance our communication with stakeholders on matters and improve our performance. 
Now in its 16th year of publication, our Corporate Responsibility Report focuses on environmental, social and governance issues that matter to our business and our stakeholders—investors, customers, host governments, local communities and employees.
report aligns with the TCFD’s framework to describe Chevron’s governance, risk management, strategy, and actions and investments.
Our 2018 Proxy Statement includes descriptions of our corporate governance, executive compensation and stockholder proposals.
The Way is our mission and value statement.
OEMS, Chevron’s Operational Excellence Management System, focuses on our health, environment and safety performance. 
Our Business Conduct and Ethics Code explains policies designed to support full compliance with applicable laws and the practical ways we put our values to work every day, applying ethical principles to business decisions that deliver results the right and responsible way.
Business Conduct and Ethics Expectations for Suppliers
Our Business Conduct and Ethics Expectations for Suppliers outlines the expectations we have for our suppliers and contractors.
Our Human Rights Policy describes how we foster greater awareness of human rights issues throughout the company and enhance our capabilities to identify and manage human rights issues in four areas relevant to our business: employees, security, community and suppliers.
Our statement that Energy Limited (and its affiliates carrying on a business in the UK) follows the principles and policies to protect against modern slavery, human trafficking and respect for human rights which have been adopted more broadly by Corporation.
Chevron’s Modern Slavery, Human Trafficking and Broader Human Rights Commitments California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
This statement describes our commitment to respecting human rights in our supply chain.
            In 2016, introduced a Grievance Mechanism Guidance to encourage best practice in community feedback systems and to enable our business units to identify and respond to community concerns that may call for remedy. Chevron's guidance helps business units design or update a grievance mechanism that strives to be legitimate, accessible, predictable, equitable, transparent and rights-compatible. The mechanism is based on engagement and two-way dialogue which promotes continuous learning.
energy is at the heart of everything we do
Our success is driven by our people and their commitment to get results the right way – by operating responsibly, executing with excellence, applying innovative technologies and capturing new opportunities for profitable growth.
Through technology and innovation, we’re executing major capital projects designed to yield decades of energy.
We’re working together to provide energy that drives human progress.
lubricants and fuel additives
Differentiating our performance through innovation.
We strive to operate safely, protect our workers and deal ethically with our stockholders, our partners and the public.
Producing strong results by empowering people.
 We’re one of the world’s leading integrated energy companies producing safe, reliable energy now and for the future.
The third edition of the 
Oil and gas industry guidance on voluntary sustainability reporting
, published in 2015, was jointly produced by IPIECA, the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues, the American Petroleum Institute (API), and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP). The guidance represents industry consensus on the most prevalent issues and indicators for the oil and gas sector, and played a role in its development.
The guidance includes indicators and reporting elements to help companies report on priority issues. currently reports on all 34 indicators. In the table below, we signal how we believe our reporting meets the intent of the common reporting elements in the indicator descriptions, and we provide relevant links to our reporting on each indicator.
key to level of reporting
This is fully reported.
 report quantity of emissions, including carbon dioxide and methane, from combustion and other processes.
 report total quantity of energy consumed in oil and gas operations or other business activities.
 report on company research, plans or current initiatives related to alternative or renewable energy sources.
 report the quantity of hydrocarbon gas flared to the atmosphere from operations.
 report on how the company addresses biodiversity and ecosystem services (BES) aspects to ensure that operational dependencies and potential impacts are appropriately mitigated, associated potential risks are effectively managed and potential opportunities for enhancement are identified.
 report quantity of fresh water withdrawn or consumed by oil and gas operations and summarize actions taken to manage identified risks associated with freshwater use.
 report quantities of discharges to a surface water environment from oil and gas operations.
 report quantities of emissions to the atmosphere from oil and gas operations.
Spills to the environment:
 describe systems implemented to prevent spills to the environment and quantify spills including details of any significant spills and response measures undertaken.
 report quantities of waste from oil and gas operations.
 describe the company’s approach to planning and execution of decommissioning activities (includes abatement, demolition, remediation and reclamation).
 describe health and safety management programs and processes to facilitate participation of the workforce at all levels in health and safety dialogues.
 describe programs and processes for identifying and addressing significant workforce health issues, especially at the community and country level.
 report health and safety data on workforce injuries or illnesses resulting from occupational incidents.
 describe the company's approach to assessing and communicating product health, safety and environmental risks.
Process Safety Performance Indicators for the Refining and Petrochemical Industries
Local community impacts and engagement:
 describe policies, strategies and procedures for understanding and addressing local community impacts and engaging with affected stakeholders.
 describe policies, programs and procedures used for engagement with Indigenous Peoples and for addressing their concerns and expectations.
 describe strategies, programs and procedures relating to social investment, and their effectiveness.
 describe the company's strategies, programs and procedures to provide employment opportunities to residents or nationals of host countries and communities.
 describe the company's strategies, programs and procedures to improve the ability of local suppliers and contractors to support operations and carry out projects.
 describe the company’s approach to human rights due diligence including supporting processes.
 describe the approach, programs and processes to promote respect for human rights and labor practices by suppliers.
 describe policies, programs and processes related to security and human rights.
 describe policies, programs and procedures to prevent bribery and corruption, and mechanisms to monitor compliance.
 describe anti-corruption policies and procedures applicable to business partners, including suppliers and contractors.
 describe policies and programs for the promotion of revenue transparency.
 describe the company's approach to managing public advocacy, lobbying and political contributions.
About political contributions and lobbying
 describe the company’s approach to workforce engagement.
 describe approach, programs and procedures for providing workforce training and development opportunities.
Non-retaliation and grievance system:
About the non-retaliation and grievance system
Learn more about our corporate responsibility activities and results
Provide feedback on our Corporate Responsibility Report and website
