Europe, Middle East & Africa
CP2315-and CP2320-cinema projectors
Providing the World's Leading Projection and Display Technologies:
 to help find your ideal projection technology 
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
Europe, Middle East & Africa
CP2315-and CP2320-cinema projectors
Providing the World's Leading Projection and Display Technologies:
 to help find your ideal projection technology 
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
Welcome to Christie®. We’re a global visual, audio and collaboration solutions company offering full solutions for business, entertainment and industry. Globally, employs over 1,500 people and has installed over 100,000 projector worldwide.
​​​is credited with introducing projection technologies that set the stage for the modern movie theatre. Its commitment to the film industry is seen through innovative projection and audio solutions including premium, 4high-resolution projectors, immersive audio and the introduction of laser projection.
With a track record of pushing technological boundaries by developing disruptive products and solutions, continues to grow as an end-to-end display solution company – offering the hardware, software and professional services to inspire our customers.
In 2018, Magazine named the Most Influential Company in the past 20 years. was chosen from among the industry’s biggest and brightest companies, by a panel of knowledgeable judges, made up of Clive Couldwell, Editor, Magazine; Peter Lloyd, former Editor, Magazine (1976-2008); Mike Blackman, Managing Director, Integrated Europe (ISE); David Labuskes, Chief Executive Officer, and Graham Naylor-Smith, Associate Director, Ove Arup & Partners.
solutions can be seen in a variety of industries and applications, including:
is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ushio, Inc. , of Japan. Ushio is a leading manufacturer of specialty and general illumination lighting solutions and is publicly traded on the Nikkei-Dow (Tokyo) under the symbol JP:6925.
At we help our customers create the world’s best shared experiences.
is committed to being the global leader in providing high quality, innovative, shared experiences that our customers love.
offers a broad range of visual, audio and collaboration solutions, including:
Global organizations use has a long history of delivering superior, reliable solutions and unprecedented levels of customer service and support worldwide. Some of our customers include:
Canadian Maritime Helicopter Program
Jeopardy Game Show
Sony Picture Studios
Air National Guard
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Cookie Policy
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
​​​We help our customers create the world’s best shared experiences through our superior visual, audio and collaboration solutions. We have offices around the world and we’re always looking for talented, driven people to join our team.
About our company
Christie® is a global company offering diverse visual, audio and collaboration solutions for business, entertainment and industry. We are a powerhouse of innovation, continually breaking new ground and often being first to market new, professional-grade technologies and solutions.
Have you got what it takes to join our brilliant team? Explore our current career and co-op opportunities:
Experience unique opportunities with us
Join Christie, and you could be part of the largest installation of projectors at a global, live event. Or, you could find yourself working with a world-renowned artist on a state-of-the-art technology masterpiece. Exceed your potential and collaborate with some of the brightest minds in the industry. Our products are used by many of the worlds most dynamic, inspirational and innovative companies including: NASA, the Royal Air Force (RAF), Oscar-winning Hollywood directors, Disney and more .
Another bonus? There are accolades, awards and respect that come with being a part of a leading-edge, high-tech organization like Christie. Take a look .
We believe in giving back
We believe we have a responsibility to be a good corporate citizen and to provide the best products and solutions for our customers and employees. Lots of organizations say that. lives it. We support a variety of local and global causes and charities. We believe in sustainable innovation, designing our products with the environment in mind. And, we’re proud of our organizational environmental leadership initiatives, including our successful car pooling program, and reduced waste, paper and water usage.
is a great place to work
We know we couldn’t achieve our level of success as a company without the hard work of our talented employees. That’s why we offer a variety of perks and benefits to let them know how valued they are, including:
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Corporate Home
Europe, Middle East & Africa
The spectacular opening of Atlantis, The Palm — situated on Dubai’s luxurious man-made island of Palm Jumeirah in Dubai — took the form of a pageant in which all the high-definition content projection was handled by state-of-the-art devices.
Awards & Industry Firsts
Awards & Industry Firsts
News. Facts. Events. Read the latest news, announcements, events, milestones and innovations happening at Christie.
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
To help us respond to your question, comment or feedback in the quickest time possible, please choose the appropriate contact form below.
Inquiries related to the sale of our products, solutions and services.
Contact Customer Care
We’re here to help! Ready to place an order? Ask a question? Need to confirm the availability of a product or check the status of an RMA? Talk to us today.
Journalists are encouraged to direct questions and comments to Christie’s Team.
To receive the best technical support or to ask questions about product performance, contact our technical support team.
Take a short survey and let us know how we can improve your website experience.
Questions, comments and feedback related to the  performance and use of our website.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Cookie Policy
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
This notice applies to Christie® Canada Inc. (“Christie”, “we”, “us” or “our”), part of the group of companies, whose ultimate parent company is Ushio Inc.
Like most businesses, we employ “cookies” or similar technologies. This Cookie Notice tells you about the use of Cookies and similar technologies on the websites referred to in our Privacy Policy [ /en-us/about-christie/privacy-policy ] (each a “Site” and collectively "Sites").
When you first access a Site from particular jurisdictions, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “accept cookies”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Notice.
Cookies are small files containing a string of characters which we may store on your computer or mobile device when you visit one of our Sites. When you visit the website or application again, the cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other Sites.
Cookies make the use of our Sites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. Our cookies may enable us (and a third party that acts on our behalf for this purpose) to relate your use of our Sites to Personal Data that you previously submitted.
The information that we collect with cookies allows us to statistically analyze usage of our Sites, and to improve and customize our content and other offerings. However, we only disclose information collected with cookies to third parties on an aggregated basis without the use of any information that personally identifies you.
The specific types of first party and third party cookies placed by our Sites and the purposes they perform are described in the table below:
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our webSites.
These cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Sites and therefore cannot be refused. They can be deleted or blocked using your browser settings, however (see How to Control Cookies, below).
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region), but are non-essential to the performance of the Sites.
These cookies collect information about how users access and move through the Sites. We use this information in either aggregate form to help us to improve the way our Sites work, or to personalize our Sites to your interests.
Alternatively, please follow the links below to review the third party privacy policy or opt-out:
These cookies are used to make the advertising displayed on the Sites more relevant to you. These cookies prevent ads reappearing and ensure that ads are properly displayed. Certain third party cookies may track users over different webSites and will provide ads relevant to your interests.
Alternatively, please follow the links below to review the third party privacy policy or opt-out:
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
These cookies allow us to integrate social media functions into our Sites and may also be used for advertising purposes.
Alternatively, please follow the links below to review the third party privacy policy or opt-out:
When you first access a Site from particular jurisdictions, you will receive a message advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By clicking “accept cookies”, closing the message, or continuing to browse the Site, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies, as described in this Cookie Notice.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time, although you may not be able to use certain features on the Sites. You can do this by clicking the appropriate opt-out provided in the cookie table above or by activating the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies.
Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
As well as cookies, we use other technologies to recognize and track visitors to our Sites. web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a clear graphic image (typically a one-pixel tag) that is delivered through a web browser or e-mail, typically in conjunction with a cookie.
Web beacons allows us, for example, to monitor how users move from one page within our Sites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand whether users have come to our Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to measure how ads have been viewed and to improve site performance.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external Sites like web traffic analysis Sites) use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. These companies may use information about your visits to our Sites and other websites in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and websites that you may be interested in. They may also employ technology that is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements.
We may occasionally amend this Cookie Notice to reflect company and customer feedback, and we reserve the right to make changes to this Cookie Notice at any time.
Please check the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Notice was last revised.
We encourage you to check frequently to see the current Cookie Notice to be informed of how is committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved content on our Sites in order to enhance your experience.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Cookie Policy
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
We understand how important personal information is and we take your privacy seriously.
This privacy policy describes how we collect and process personal information about you through our websites and other online or mobile applications that link to this privacy policy (each a “Site” and collectively “Sites”) or through in person or other offline means, such as, for example, trade shows and other events. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy practices and policies.
‘Personal information’, or ‘personal data’, means any information relating to you, or which identifies you. This can include items such as your name, address, phone number, identification numbers (such as an account number or your government identification number), location data or online identifiers. Personal information can be held electronically or in certain paper records.
By browsing our Sites you acknowledge that you have read and consent to the processes and policies referred to in this privacy policy. If you do not agree and consent, please do not use our Sites and take the steps outlined in our Cookie Notice to delete any cookies that may have been placed on your device in connection with a visit to our Sites.
Christie® Canada Inc. (“Christie”, “we”, “us” or “our”) with an address at 809 Wellington Street North, Kitchener, Ontario N24Y7 Canada, is part of the group of companies, whose ultimate parent company is Ushio, Inc. For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), is the data controller. This means we are responsible for deciding how we use the personal information we hold.
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us by email at webmaster@christiedigital.com.
We may collect and process the following personal information about you:
Information you provide to us when you:
register on our Sites,
subscribe to our newsletter,
fill out an online form,
report any problem or complaint with our Sites, products and services,
give us your business card or contact information at a trade show or other event, or
This personal information may include contact information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number as well as any interests or opinions that you share with us. You may, however, visit our Sites anonymously.
Our web servers may collect technical information including the address of visitors to our Sites, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
We also collect information on what you view, click on and access in and through our marketing emails and text messages. This may include the geographic location of the device you have used.
We may collect voice recordings of your communications with us for quality control, training, security and regulatory purposes, but may also capture your location, i.e. use of home landline number.
If you download and use one of our software services or applications and choose to participate in our user experience improvement program, we may collect information that relates to products and services, such as product usage and diagnostic information (without identifying you personally).
What do we use your information for?
We use your personal information as described in this privacy policy and primarily to respond to your queries, provide services that you have requested or to perform our responsibilities under any contract with you.
In some cases, we will process your personal information on the basis of your informed consent which you can withdraw at any time, or to pursue our legitimate interests except where such interests are overridden by your rights and interests. We may also process your personal information where we are required by law to do so.
We will process personal information for the following purposes:
to personalize your experience (your personal information helps us to better respond to your individual needs),
to improve our Sites and our products and services (we continually strive to improve our Sites and offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you, your online behaviour and your participation in our user experience improvement program,
to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your sales inquiries, customer service requests and support needs),
to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Site feature,
to send periodic emails, where you have given your consent,
to transfer your personal information as part of a merger or sale of our business, and
for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your personal information.
The email address you provide in connection with any website or offline inquiry will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your inquiry. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, including in person during a trade show or other event, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from our marketing email list, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
Like many websites, our Sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Sites. This helps us to analyze the use of our Sites to customize and improve the content and the layout of our Sites.
cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer, if your browser settings permit. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. For more information about our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Notice .
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personal information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and agree to strict contractual protections, where required.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing advertising, or other uses.
How long we store your personal information
We will store your personal information, in a form which permits us to identify you, for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the personal information is processed. We may retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your personal information quickly upon request.
We do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals. As such, your navigation of our Site may be tracked as part of the gathering of quantitative user information described above. If you arrive at our Site by way of a link from a third party site that does respond to “do not track” requests, the recognition of any “do not track” request you have initiated will end as soon as you reach our Site.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
For residents of California only. Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent, other than to direct any sales inquiries to our authorized dealers and integrators who may respond to such inquiries on our behalf.
For residents of the European Union only. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can exercise the right by contacting us as described below.
Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
request access to your personal information,
request correction of your personal information,
request erasure of your personal information,
object to processing of your personal information,
request restriction of processing your personal information,
request transfer of your personal information, and
In addition, where you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under this privacy policy or European law, you have the right to make a complaint to a European Data Protection Authority, such as the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Where we store your personal information
The Sites are published in Canada and are subject to the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada. If you are located in a country outside of Canada, including the European Union, and submit personal information to us, you consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and storage of that information in, Canada.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect or accept any information from individuals that we know to be under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our Sites.
If we make any material changes to this privacy policy or the way we use, share or collect personal information, we will notify you by revising the “Last Updated” date at the top of this privacy policy, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Site, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have such an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Corporate Home
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Awards & Industry Firsts
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​Sustainability is an integral part of our organization. ®
 places great importance on being a responsible business, and to do so has incorporated environmental stewardship, compliance, quality of products, and social responsibility in our practices.
As a globally responsible business, we focus on three main themes in our corporate social responsibility (CSR) framework: environment, compliance and community.  As we expand our sustainability program globally, will better define and expand each theme in our in relation to our business activities and products.
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
Europe, Middle East & Africa
The Image Mill recounted the history of the city with what is believed to be the world’s longest video projection display.
Awards & Industry Firsts
Europe, Middle East & Africa
With offices all over the world, we can act quickly to meet all our customers’ needs.
10550 Camden Drive
Customer Care
2001 Melinda Lane,
Phoenix, 85027 USA
Customer Care
3175 Lenox Park Boulevard, Suite 200,
Customer Care
Customer Care
360 Experiential Studios
Bosque de Radiatas No. 44,
 Del. Cuajimalpa, Mexico D.F.
Best-in-class service, wherever you are.
We are committed to offering the best customer service, no matter where you are. When you need help, our staff and dealer network are there to help you – in your time zone, in your language.
Our global dealer network of trained professionals will help find the right solution for your specific challenges and requirements. And though we’re a global company we understand that our customers have local business requirements, which is why you can count on us to deliver in any region. If there’s a problem, rest assured we’re available for technical assistance. And if you need help, we’ll send a trained, qualified professional to assist you as quickly as possible. With almost 90 years​ of experience, you can count on to be there when you need us most.
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Awards & Industry Firsts
Get to know our executive team
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
​​​These terms and conditions (the "Terms") apply to the Christie® corporate website located at www.christiedigital.com , and to all associated sites linked to www.christiedigital.com by and its global affiliates (collectively, the "Website"). The Website is owned, operated and maintained for the group of companies (collectively, "Christie") by Canada Inc. from its offices located in the Province of Ontario, Canada. The Website content is the property of and its licensors and is protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights.
may amend or update the Terms at any time and without notice to you. The most current version of the Terms will be available on the Website. Please check the Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance by you of those changes.
Please refer to Christie's Privacy Policy for more information on how collects and protects personal information and to Christie's Cookie Notice for more information on how uses cookies. The Privacy Policy and the Cookie Notice also govern and apply to your use of the Website and they are incorporated herein by reference.
The information provided on this Website is for information purposes only and does not create a business relationship between you and Christie.
The information on the Website is believed to be accurate when placed on the Website. Changes may be made at any time to the information on the Website and to product and service specifications without prior notice to you. Please consult a representative for complete and up-to-date information on Christie’s products and services.
To the extent makes available software from the Website, you acknowledge that such software is the copyrighted work of its owner, is protected by applicable laws, and is provided on condition of compliance with the end user or other license agreement applicable to such software.
Limitation of Use and Indemnity
You may use the information provided on the Website for information purposes. For certainty, any other use of this Website and its content, including, but not limited to, any of the following uses, is strictly prohibited:
you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to this Website, computer or networks connected to the Website, through hacking, password mining or any other means;
you may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available to you through this Website; and
unless otherwise permitted by these Terms or with Christie's express written consent, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell any information obtained from, or described on, this Website.
Unlawful use of the site by you, including a failure to abide by the above restrictions, could give rise to an offence or claim being made against you. To the extent any liability arises as a result of your use of the site (including but not limited to any non-compliance with these terms or your violation of third party rights), you will defend, indemnify and hold harmless and its representatives from such liability, including attorney's fees.
All information on this Website is protected under the copyright laws of the United States, Canada and other countries. In addition, certain information may be copyrighted by others.
Certain names, graphics, logos, icons, designs, words, titles or phrases on this website are trade names, or trademarks owned by or other entities, or licensed to them. Trademarks may be registered in the United States, Canada and in other countries as applicable. In most cases on this Website, Christie’s trademarks are accompanied at an early, prominent use with an appropriate trademark symbol such as ®, TM, or similar indicator to denote Christie’s ownership. Unauthorized use of Christie’s logos, name, trade names or trademarks is prohibited.
The display of trademarks on this Website does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted to you or anyone else. Any unauthorized downloading, re-transmission or other copying or modification of any trademark and/or the contents of this Website may be a violation of trademark and/or copyright laws and could subject the copier to legal action.
Christie’s products and/or portions thereof are covered by various United States, Canadian and/or foreign patents held by or licensed to by third parties. There are also several United States, Canadian and/or foreign patent applications that are pending. View the list of
"IS" "AVAILABLE" KIND, EXPRESS, STATUTORY, MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, DEALING, PRACTICE.
INFORMATION, ERROR-UNINTERRUPTED, CORRECTED.
CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, DAMAGES, PROFITS, REVENUES, WEBSITE.
may provide links from the Website to other websites that has no control over. makes no endorsements or representations of any kind regarding the products, services, content or appropriateness of content on such websites and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against with respect to such websites.
welcomes comments regarding its products and services. However, Christie's policy is not to accept or consider creative ideas, suggestions or materials other than those it has specifically requested. We hope you will understand that the intent of this policy is to avoid misunderstandings when projects developed by are similar to someone else's creative work. Accordingly, we must ask that you not send us any such ideas. While we do value your feedback on our products and services, we request that you be specific in your comments on those products and services and not submit any creative ideas, suggestions or materials.
If, despite our request that you not do so, you send us creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts or other information (collectively, the "unsolicited information"), you acknowledge that by doing so the unsolicited information will not be subject to any restrictions on use by or any obligation of confidentiality on the part of and will not be liable or owe you any compensation for any use or disclosure of the unsolicited information.
maintains the Website in Ontario, Canada. You agree that the Terms and all matters relating to your use of the Website will be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, and the laws of Canada applicable in that province. Accordingly, if you attempt to bring legal proceedings against hereunder, you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts of the Province of Ontario unless accepts another jurisdiction for its defense of the matter.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Corporate Home
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Spectators enjoy impressive projection mapping in India
 display to open the Lusofonia Games. Featuring stunning visuals from Audio Design and 
, the display was brilliantly shown by 40 
Awards & Industry Firsts
Awards & Industry Firsts
For media inquiries only, please direct your questions to the appropriate contact listed below.
John Berkovich
Interested in joining our mailing list
Please fill out the form below:
Antigua And Barbuda
Aruba
Bosnia And Herzegovina
British Indian Ocean Territory
Côte D'Ivoire
Europe, Middle East, Africa
French Southern Territories
Heard Island And Mcdonald Islands
Korea, Democratic People's Republic Of
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Micronesia, Federated States Of
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Pierre And Miquelon
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Svalbard And Jan Mayen
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Tokelau
Turks And Caicos Islands
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
February 05 - 08, 2019 - RAI, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Integrated Europe is the world’s largest exhibition for and integration professionals, a location where markets and people come together to collaborate, learn and do business. The 2019 edition will attract over 1,300 exhibitors and 80,000 attendees.
February 05 - 07, 2019 - Ernest Morial Convention Center, New Orleans, LA
Distributech brings industry thought leaders from all over the world opportunities to network, share knowledge and problem solve with worldwide utilities and product and service providers.
InfoComm Brazil brings together Professional AudioVisual (Pro-AV) manufacturers, integrators, and users with over 5,000 visitors.
April 06 - 11, 2019 - Las Vegas Convention Center, Las Vegas, Nevada, USA
connects media, entertainment, and technology professionals with exciting new ways to create, manage, and deliver content.
April 10 - 12, 2019 - CNCC, Beijing, China
For over a decade, InfoComm China has been raising the profile of China’s Professional AudioVisual (Pro-AV) and Experiential Communications market.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Corporate Home
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Awards & Industry Firsts
All employment at is voluntary.  There is no activity of slavery or human trafficking within any company.  In addition, has adopted a supplier code of conduct that stipulates that suppliers have measures in place ensuring their own organizations and supply chains are free from slavery and human trafficking and will not use forced or involuntary labor of any type (e.g., forced, bonded, indentured or involuntary prison labor).
Chief Executive Officer and Director
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
Network Operations Center
The facility was expanded to address the ongoing growth of cinema and on-screen advertising opportunies. The facility now has a Large 2x4 video wall, located in a 1,750 square foot room with a total resolution of 2100 x 600 with 11.8 million pixels.
Awards & Industry Firsts
Read the latest news, announcements, milestones and innovations happening at Christie. You’ll see more proof of our commitment to developing the latest visual display technologies to make you look good.
​Getting here was half the fun. Thanks to all our partners, customers, and staff across the globe for feeding the passion we have for creating the world’s best shared experiences over the last 20 years. We couldn’t have done it without you.
The future is bright and continues to grow as an end-to-end display solution company – offering the hardware, software and professional services to inspire our customers.
​​​won the 2017 Gold Award in the Arts, Entertainment & Recreation category for its installation at the Star Wars®: The Force Awakens™ Red Carpet World Premiere.​
​​​MicroTiles were also the star of the 2017 Bronze Award in the Business and Government category in the new entry experience at 2 Queen Street ​
​​​​The Terra SVDotechnology solution was selected InfoComm2017's Best Video Product by rAVe publications.
The 1075-1laser phosphor, with BoldColor Technology, was awarded InfoComm 2017's Best System Projector​​ by rAVe publications.​​​
​​​The Spyder X80 multi-screen widowing and content management process was awarded InfoComm 2017's Best Rental/Staging Product for Live Events by rAVe publications.
​Evaluated by a panel of judges touring the show floor, Pandoras Box was recognized as an Best of InfoComm 2017 award winner.​​
​​​​​Thanks to its powerful and intuitive content management and show control capabilities, Pandoras Box V6 and Widget Designer was chosen as the InAVation Awards 2017 – Technology For Entertainment/Live (Video) winner.​
​​ Christie® MicroTiles® was selected as the “Favorite Indoor Video Wall Product” by rAVe readers in the publication’s annual Readers’ Choice Awards.
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Cookie Policy
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
​WOKINGHAM, England – (October 1, 2018) – Christie®, a leader in creating and delivering the world's best visual and audio experiences, has been awarded the "Most Influential Company" award at this year's Awards . This special category – created to celebrate the anniversary of the Awards' 20th year – honors the company deemed to have made the largest contribution to the market over the past 20 years. 
emerged as the winner, chosen from among the industry's biggest and brightest companies, at a sold out ceremony held at The Grosvenor House Hotel, London, as more than 1,100 audiovisual industry representatives applauded. 
Christie’s David Griffiths holds the award for being named ‘Most Influential Company of the Last 20 Years.’ To his left is Clive Couldwell, Editor, Magazine, and to his right is Alan Garratt from Casio UK.
​​Announcing the award, Magazine Editor Clive Couldwell cited Christie's "…seminal influence on many of the leading technologies and solutions employed in the pro industry over the past two decades," adding that the company, its business partners and customers have "…combined to demonstrate continued innovation, providing tools and solutions that solve market problems and deliver outstanding audiovisual experiences." ​
was chosen by a panel of knowledgeable judges, made up of Clive Couldwell, Editor, Magazine; Peter Lloyd, former Editor, Magazine (1976-2008); Mike Blackman, Managing Director, Integrated Europe (ISE); David Labuskes, Chief Executive Officer, and Graham Naylor-Smith, Associate Director, Ove Arup & Partners. 
Noted Sean James, executive vice president, Entertainment & Enterprise (E&E), "Get​​ting here was half the fun. Thanks to all our partners, customers, and staff across the globe for feeding the passion we have for creating the world's best shared experiences. We couldn't have done it without you." 
Added David Griffiths, Christie's senior director of E&Sales in EMEA, who was on hand to receive the award, "The future is bright and continues to grow as an end-to-end display solution company – offering the hardware, software and professional services to inspire our customers. We are honored to be recognized by our peers, friends and colleagues with this prestigious award." 
USA, Inc. is a global visual and audio technologies company and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ushio Inc., Japan, (JP:6925). Consistently setting the standards by being the first to market some of the world's most advanced projectors and complete system displays, is recognized as one of the most innovative visual technology companies in the world. From retail displays to Hollywood, mission critical command centers to classrooms and training simulators, display solutions and projectors capture the attention of audiences around the world with dynamic and stunning images. Visit www.christiedigital.com for more information.
​is a registered trademark of Texas Instruments.​
Information presented on this web site is continually updated and is subject to change without notice.Cookie Policy
uses cookies to enhance your user experience while visiting our website, to provide social media features, to serve targeted advertising and to analyze traffic. By clicking “Accept”, closing this message or continuing to use this site, we consider that you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Notice.
Cinemas declares future of cinema is laser and the future is now
Cinemas becomes the world’s largest investor in laser cinema projection
​WOKINGHAM, England – (October 5, 2018) – Cinemas has chosen Christie®, a leading cinema technology manufacturer, as its exclusive laser projection partner, as it moves to convert all 700 of its theatres to pure laser technology​ . In a landmark agreement that sees becoming the largest investor in RealLaser™ in the world today, 200 Classic auditoriums will be redeveloped for RealLaser over the next two years.
​Complementing CGR's hugely-successful (Immersive Cinema Experience) theatres, which also utilize pure laser systems, will deliver the premium cinema experience. Christie's proprietary technology uses next-generation pure lasers to deliver the highest levels of brightness, contrast and colour reproduction, fulfilling the long-heralded potential of laser illumination as the preferred successor to lamp-based cinema projection technology.
"Following the premium screen success with our cinemagoers, this investment demonstrates our commitment to offering the best quality experience for our audiences, as we look to keep them coming back to time and time again," says Jocelyn Bouyssy, of Cinemas. "Having experienced what pure laser can do with premium screens, we believe it is the future of cinema, and, having successfully upgraded to projection with 10 years ago, we are delighted to again be utilising the company's latest technology developments."
The first 100 projectors will be installed in 2019, with the remaining 100 projectors to arrive in 2020. To accommodate the variety of screen sizes required to facilitate projection across Cínemas' 73 locations, the projectors will be selected from across Christie's portfolio of pure laser cinema projectors. This portfolio includes the CP4325-, the soon to be released CP2315-and CP2320-models, and further RealLaser cinema projector models to be released in the next 12 months.
"Our trusted relationship with has created an environment where we can continue to lead the way by using the best technology available," says Sebastien Bruel, CTO, Cinemas. "We've worked together since 2007, and in that time, they've helped us to advance our offering and remain at the forefront of the cinema experience. They're breaking new ground once again with pure laser projection , and we're delighted to be offering it in our cinemas."
Cínemas has experienced strong interest in its current premium screen experience, which utilises Christie's first generation of pure laser cinema projectors. As a result, the company has several years of experience and customer data with the technology. believes now is the best time to invest, as Christie's next generation of RealLaser projectors deliver 4K, high frame rate, performance and even higher contrast.
With the support of and Ciné Service (CDS) – the leading French cinema integrator – the company will oversee the upgrade of 200 classic auditoria across its network from lamp technology to pure laser.
"Our relationship with and Cínemas goes back many years." says Adil Zerouali, Senior Sales Director Cinema Europe, Christie. "It continues to flourish. As looks with us to the future of cinema, seeking out the best technologies; first and now pure laser to excite and entertain cinema audiences. And CGR's enthusiasm to do so, makes them a pleasure to work with."
The RealLaser family of projectors offers all the advantages of a high-performance laser projector in a compact 'all-in-one' form factor that eliminates the need for sub-ambient external cooling, while providing a low cost of ownership, excelling in image quality and posting an impressive operational lifetime. RealLaser delivers superior and more consistent brightness levels according to standards throughout the entire lifetime of the projector.
"is strongly committed to developing technologies that add real value for our customers. With RealLaser, we are the first manufacturer to make available the world's first laser illumination technology that qualifies as a true replacement of lamp-based illumination," said Dale Miller, Executive Vice President, Cinema, Christie.
RealLaser offers directors and producers a much-increased colour palette, approaching Rec. 2020 and over 30,000 hours of theatre operation without lamp changes. It is the only laser technology to offer brightness levels above standards throughout its natural life.
USA, Inc. is a global visual and audio technologies company and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ushio, Inc., Japan, (JP:6925). Consistently setting the standards by being the first to market some of the world's most advanced projectors and complete system displays, is recognized as one of the most innovative visual technology companies in the world. From retail displays to Hollywood, mission critical command centres to classrooms and training simulators, display solutions and projectors capture the attention of audiences around the world with dynamic and stunning images. Visit www.ChristieDigital.com .
is a registered trademark of Texas Instruments.
Cinemas group is the leading cinema circuit in France by the number of sites, with 73 operative theatres. 1st cinema circuit in Europe to become 100 percent digitally-equipped, Cinemas welcomes over 27 million moviegoers a year. In 2017, Cinemas created and launched a true Immersive Cinema Experience in its premium screens including the revolutionary LightVibes® technology. With over 18 blockbusters released in LightVibes® format in 2018, and a business model specially crafted by a cinema owner for cinema owners, is undoubtedly the next generation of premium screen.
More information on www.cgrcinemas.fr and www.theicescreen.com
Europe, Middle East & Africa
Awards & Industry Firsts
About Anti-slavery Statement
var g_clientIdDeltaPlaceHolderUtilityContent = "DeltaPlaceHolderUtilityContent";
