Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
Get a front row seat to Live 2019, streaming live from Barcelona. 
When data goes everywhere, can your data center go with it?
Data Center. The control you need to power every app, every location, every user.
Career Certifications
This week at See the announcements, events, and activities happening across the globe this week.
Between a storied past and a smart future
With a network that lets them generate and protect terabits of data, the centuries-old Port of Rotterdam became one of the world's most modern.
Bringing intent-based networking to the Ioedge
The new Catalyst Rugged Series Switches are bringing Ioand together like never before.
Getting the benefits of hyperconverged infrastructure
offers the greatest benefit when it's applied for certain uses. Here's how to get the most out of HCI.
HYPERFLEX
The full power of a data center. Anywhere.
Introducing HyperFlex Anywhere. Extending the simplicity of hyperconvergence from core to edge and multicloud.
Securing your Iodeployment
The new IR1101 Integrated Services Router Rugged secures Ioconnectivity and extends product lifetime.
is the remote control you need to connect, manage, and secure data and apps anywhere they need to be.
Watch the latest announcements from Barcelona
See leaders explain why there is nothing centered about data centers anymore.
Your cheat sheet to Cisco's 2018 Corporate Social Responsibility Report 
How applies to positively impact people, society, and the planet.
Malware has met its match
Security helps Telecom Italia protect 600,000 business customers from cyber attacks.
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
Supply chain transparency
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
About About Between hope and possible, there’s a bridge.
is creating a world of potential.
Why choose Cisco?
Approach to quality
Business insights
Case studies/customer success stories
on research center
Corporate social responsibility
Community partners and grants
Environment and sustainability
Impact areas
Our priorities
All corporate social responsibility
Doing business with Acquisitions
conferencing global access numbers
Corporate strategy office
Customer service information
Open source at Report unethical behavior
Supplier sustainability
The Trust Center
170 West Tasman Dr.
Contact Customer experience centers
Life at Search jobs
Inclusion and collaboration
Inclusion and collaboration
The bridge to possible
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Our partners work with you to integrate, build, buy, and consult on the solutions, software, and services you need.
Sell and support products, services, and solutions for your customers.
Develop, test, market, sell, and connect with other channel partners.
Help customers adopt, expand, and renew to see the value of solutions.
Thanks for the feedback
Would you like to earn an Amazon giftcard for participating in one of our Customer Experience online labs?
Take the Challenge
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
We empower social change agents with and expertise. Our goal: Accelerate global problem solving to benefit people, society, and the planet.
Join and become part of the movement to make a positive impact on the world.
We measure our success by how we positively impact people, society, and the planet.
Transforming humanitarian aid
Our partnership with Mercy Corps is empowering people to overcome crisis, build better lives, and transform communities.
Where skill meets opportunity
Networking Academy does more than teach skills. For millions across the globe, it's the first step to a better life.
Explore Cisco's 2018 Corporate Social Responsibility Report with our interactive tool.
Life-saving jobs in Africa
network of health workers delivers vital information and products to those who need it.
People depend on their devices, making communications critical in emergency situations.
and Dimension Data are preserving endangered species in Africa and creating a world in which animals roam free.
Discover how we are accelerating global problem solving to make the impossible possible.
Measurable impact
Our goal is to make a measurable impact on people, society, and the planet—and we are well on the way. We’re expanding access to quality education worldwide. We contribute millions of dollars annually to social change agents who are addressing global challenges. And our efforts to make environmentally sustainable help preserve the planet.
1.87 million students built digital and entrepreneurial skills through Networking Academy
209 million+ people positively impacted, as reported by our nonprofit grantees
45% drop in greenhouse gas emissions (compared to our fiscal year 2007 baseline)
Community partners and grants
Providing Our community partners leverage technology, cash grants, and expertise to effect positive change worldwide.
Stewarding and social investment programs
We conduct rigorous socioeconomic research to better inform our programmatic priorities so we can reach our goal to positively impact 1 billion lives by 2025.
Tae Yoo highlights our work to accelerate global problem solving for people, society, and the planet.
2019 global sustainability leader
was recently recognized by Corporate Knights and as part of CDP's A-List for excellence in sustainability.
Teaching new skills & embracing talent from everywhere
Fran Katsoudas shares how to fuel growth in a rapidly changing digital economy.
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
Use the links listed in the sections below to get help from for this website. If you have any questions or comments related to the Cisco.com website, send an email to the Cisco.com Support Team at 
. For product support, look at the Product Technical Support section below.
Technical Assistance Center (TAC)
Access technical-support solutions through a comprehensive suite of online tools, services, documentation, and escalation resources.
Get information on which browsers work best with Cisco.com, and how to change font sizes.
Learn how to use My for saving bookmarks and accessing collaboration tools.
Help with registering for a Connection Online (CCO) ID.
At Cisco, we are committed to providing solutions that are accessible for people with disabilities. In support of this commitment, we strive to follow web design guidelines that include the 
 of the Federal Government Rehabilitation Act.
 Initiative identifies global requirements and processes for accessibility and usability throughout operations and products.
Specific Site Area Help
Career Certifications & Communities Information
Questions and answers regarding certifications and training resources on Cisco.com.
Access detailed information and pre-sales support for Channel Partners regarding Products or Tools.
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
About Be you, with us
#WeAreCisco, where each person is unique, but brings their talents to work as a team and make a difference.
Our People Deal
Working at Cisconians use to enable possibility, innovation and success. See how you can make an impact with us.
Put your talent to work
Pre-sales and product management
Customer support and engineering
Sales and marketing
Services, solutions, and customer success
Marketing and communications
Operations and support
Business strategy and operations
Information Project and program management
Join one of the most forward-thinking leadership teams in tech, and inspire others as you put your values in action.
Students and new graduates
Build skills and gain relevant experience through our internships or new-grad programs. Your career will thank you.
Applying to All you need to know to apply — from profile setup to interviewing tips.
Frequently asked questions
What should expect during the recruitment and interview process?
This process helps us get to know you, and for you to learn about our people, culture, and business. We'll evaluate your skills and experience against our current business needs. We'll ask you about your academic and work experience, and you can ask questions, too. Be prepared to tell about your achievements and the value you could bring to Cisco.
How do apply for an internship or co-op position at Cisco?
We offer a variety of short and long-term internships, summer internships, co-op programs, and apprenticeship programs to qualified full-time students. Visit our 
We Are Discover the #WeArestory on our social feeds, view our benefits and awards, and find out what we value most.
Get to know us
Follow We Are Join the #WeAreconversation in social media as we highlight employee photos and stories about working at Cisco. Like. Share. Engage! ❤ 😃 🎉
Find your path
Explore opportunities and 
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Update your security information
Update job role and job level
Set communication preferences by technology, business solutions, and industries
View and Manage Contract Details:
Thanks for the feedback
Would you like to earn an Amazon giftcard for participating in one of our Customer Experience online labs?
Take the Challenge
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
Contact Corporate Social Responsibility
Executive Leadership Team
There's Never Been Better Time
How to Buy
Ordering Through a Reseller or Online
Service Ordering and Contract Management
Ordering Directly from Capital Finance
Service Ordering and Contract Management
Refresh
Refresh (Certified Remanufactured)
Consumer Packaged Goods
Materials and Mining
Sports and Entertainment
Integrators
ISVs and IHVs
Cloud and Managed Services Providers
Value-Added Resellers (Channel Partner Program)
Analytics and Automation Software
Application Networking Services
Cloud and Systems Management
Conferencing
Connected Safety and Security
Customer Collaboration
Data Center Analytics
Data Center & Virtualization
Hyperconverged Infrastructure
Interfaces and Modules
Networking Software (& -OS)
Optical Networking
Routers
Servers - Unified Computing
Storage Networking
Designated Program
Validated Designs
End-of-Sale & End-of-Life Products
Visio Stencils
Midsize Business
Software Defined Networking (SDN)
Training and Certifications
Certification Tracking System
Networking Academy
Partner Training (SalesConnect)
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
About The Trust Center
What makes us trustworthy?
Security Advisories and Alerts
Data Protection and Privacy
Protecting data—including customer, partner, and employee information.
Working to gain and keep your trust by sharing our reports, certifications and verification service.
Trustworthy Solutions
Embedding security across processes and to provide a trustworthy network foundation.
Committed to maintaining strong protections for our customers, products and company. 
Insights, stories and guidance on building your future on a foundation of trust and transparency.
Respecting privacy, safeguarding data and enabling trust. Learn how we cultivate a culture of privacy and get our new 2019 data privacy study and infographic.
How we build trust
Real stories and real people. employees share how we're staying trustworthy.
new way to visualize privacy data
Introducing a new innovative tool that shows how data travels through the network and our products. View privacy data maps.
The critical infrastructure and Iosecurity challenge
Access resources, see our approach and gain insight on how to tackle issues and prevent disruption.
Are you working with a trusted partner?
See our guide to trusted partners and trustworthy solutions.
How to Measure the Real Value of Information Security Management
See how we measure to support security-investment decisions.
View executive brief
Our journey to trust starts with protecting the enterprise.
Watch Trust Landscape video
Find security and trust content in 
Why Trust Cisco?  Mohammad - Architect, Information Security 
2017 Annual Cybersecurity Report: Executive Perspectives
Holistic Supply Chain Security Approach
Counterfeit Detection and Mitigation
- Managing Risk to Your Network Infrastructure
Cyber Resilience: Safeguarding the Digital Organization
Cyber Risk and Resilience for Boards 
and InfoSec Partner to Protect Infrastructure and Data
Value Chain Security At-a-Glance
Value Chain Security Approach
Phishing Program
2018 Cybersecurity Report: Special Edition SMB
Transparency and Law Enforcement Requests for Customer Data
Data Sheets
Trusted Partners and Trustworthy Products
Security Advisories, Responses and Notices
Security Vulnerability Policy
openVuln API
Machine Learning for Network Threat Detection
Leadership and innovation
Bridging the Cyber Skills Gap
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
Cisco's trademarks signify Cisco's high quality products and services, and they are valuable assets of the company. Cisco's trademark and brand policies can be found at 
. The following is a list of Cisco's trademarks and registered trademarks in the United States and certain other countries. Please note, however, that this listing is not all-inclusive and the absence of any mark from this list does not mean that it is not a trademark.
Certified Internetwork Expert logo
Dynamic Networked Organizational Structure™
SecureArchitecture®
Show and Share™
Unified Computing System™
Universal Small Cell CloudBase™
It’s You. It’s Me. It’s All of Us Together.™
Mean Time to Business Awareness™
Meraki Go ™
The New Way to Be Together™
Security Above Everything. ™
Show and Share™
SlideWhat’s on Yours?™
SpamCop®
THERE’TIME™
Welcome to the Human Network™
HDMI, the Logo and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of Licensing LLC.
Other third party trademarks referenced are the property of their respective owners.
The use of the word partner does not imply a partnership relationship between and any other company.
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
The Trust Center
is committed to maintaining strong protections for our customers, products and company. We believe in building and maintaining trust, reducing risk and simply doing what is right.
Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively "Cisco") are committed to protecting your privacy and providing you with a positive experience on our websites and in using our products and services ("Solution" or "Solutions").
This Privacy Statement applies to websites and Solutions that link to or reference this Statement and describes how we handle personal information and the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update and correct your personal information. Additional information on our personal information practices may be provided in offer descriptions, supplemental privacy statements, or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Certain websites may have their own privacy statement that describes how we handle personal information for those websites specifically. To the extent a notice provided at the time of collection or a website or Solution specific privacy statement conflict with this Privacy Statement, such specific notice or supplemental privacy statement will control.
Collection of Your Personal Information
We may collect data, including personal information, about you as you use our websites and Solutions and interact with us. "Personal information" is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include name, address, email address, phone number, login information (account number, password), marketing preferences, social media account information, or payment card number. If we link other data with your personal information, we will treat that linked data as personal information. We also collect personal information from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect personal information to assist us.
We collect personal information for a variety of reasons, such as:
Processing your order, including payment transactions.
Providing you with a newsletter subscription.
Providing customer service.
Collecting information during the testing admissions process when a computer-based certification test is administered to you.
We and the third parties we engage may combine the information we collect from you over time and across our websites and Solutions with information obtained from other sources. This helps us improve its overall accuracy and completeness, and also helps us better tailor our interactions with you.
If you choose to provide with a third party's personal information (such as name, email, and phone number), you represent that you have the third party's permission to do so. Examples include forwarding reference or marketing material to a friend or sending job referrals. Third parties may unsubscribe from any future communication following the link provided in the initial message or contacting privacy@cisco.com . In some instances, and the third parties we engage may automatically collect data through cookies, web logs, web beacons, and other similar applications. This information is used to better understand and improve the usability, performance, and effectiveness of the website and to help tailor content or offers for you. Please read the "Cookies and Other Web Technologies" section below for more information.
Uses of Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information for the purposes of operating our business, delivering, improving, and customizing our websites and Solutions, sending marketing and other communications related to our business, and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law. Some of the ways we may use personal information include:
Analyzing, supporting, and improving our Solutions and your online experience.
Personalizing websites, newsletters and other communications.
Administering and processing your certification exams.
Sending communications to you, including for marketing or customer satisfaction purposes, either directly from or from our partners.
You can edit your communication preferences at any time. See Your Choices and Selecting Your Communication Preferences below.
Access to and Accuracy of Your Personal Information
We need your help in keeping your personal information accurate and up to date. We provide a number of options to access, correct, suppress, or delete your personal information:
You can view or edit your Cisco.com personal information and preferences online by using the Profile Management Tool .
Some entities may act as or be considered "data controllers". When a entity is acting as a data controller, you can exercise your rights of access and request corrections, suppression, or deactivations under applicable data protection laws directly with that entity as described in the specific Solution documentation.
If you need additional assistance, or help with accessing, correcting, suppressing, or deleting your personal information, please feel free to contact us directly. We make good faith efforts to honor reasonable requests to access, delete, update, suppress, or correct your data. We will respond to your request within 30 days. If we are unable to honor your request, we will provide you with an explanation.
Your Choices and Selecting Your Communication Preferences
We give you the choice of receiving a variety of information related to our Solutions. You can manage your communication preferences through the following methods:
By following the instructions included in each promotional email from us to unsubscribe from that particular mailing.
By sending us a message through email or by mail to: Systems, Inc., Privacy Legal Department, 170 West Tasman Dr., San Jose, 95134, Please be sure to include your name, email address, and specific, relevant information about the material you no longer wish to receive.
For short message services ("Services"), by replying "STOP", "END", or "QUIT" to the text message you have received.
These choices do not apply to service notifications or other required communications that are considered part of certain Solutions, which you may receive periodically unless you stop using or cancel the Solution in accordance with its terms and conditions. With your permission, we may also share your personal information with business partners or vendors, so they may send you information about products or services that may be of interest to you. To opt-out of sharing with third parties for their marketing purposes, please send an email to privacy@cisco.com .
By using our websites, Solutions, or otherwise providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use. For example, if we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our websites, by sending an email, or otherwise contacting you.
We may share your personal information with third parties for the purposes of operating our business, delivering, improving, and customizing our Solutions, sending marketing and other communications related to our business, and for other legitimate purposes permitted by applicable law or otherwise with your consent.
We may share personal information in the following ways:
Within and any of our worldwide subsidiaries for purposes of data processing or storage.
With business partners or vendors, so that they may share information with you about their products or services. To opt-out of sharing with third parties for their marketing purposes, please send an email to privacy@cisco.com .
With business partners, service vendors, authorized third-party agents, or contractors to provide a requested Solution, service or transaction. Examples include, but are not limited to: processing of orders and credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting seminar registration, assisting with sales-related efforts or post-sales support, and providing customer support.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or to another company.
In response to a request for information by a competent authority if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties as necessary to comply with legal process or meet national security requirements; protect the rights, property, or safety of Cisco, its business partners, you, or others; or as otherwise required by applicable law.
In aggregated, anonymized, and/or de-identified form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing.
We intend to protect the personal information entrusted to us and treat it securely in accordance with this Privacy Statement. implements physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also contractually require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure. The Internet, however, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you provide to us.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your personal information as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, and enforce our agreements.
Like many websites, uses automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, embedded web links, and web beacons. These tools collect certain standard information that your browser sends to our website. Examples include your browser type and the address of the website from which you arrived at our website.
They may also collect information about:
Clickstream behavior. This includes, for example, the pages you view and the links you click. These tools help make your visit to our website easier, more efficient, and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return. Get more information about how we use automatic data collection tools , such as cookies and widgets.
Learn how to update your choices in relation to these tools.
Our website includes widgets. Widgets are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from other companies. Examples include displays of news, opinions, videos, and more. Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through widgets. Widgets may also set cookies to enable them to function properly. Information collected by a widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created the widget.
Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a "do not track" feature that sends signals to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different from blocking or deleting cookies, as browsers with a "do not track" feature enabled may still accept cookies.
No industry standard currently exists on how companies should respond to "do not track" signals, although one may develop in the future. websites do not currently recognize and respond to "do not track" signals. If we do in the future, we will describe how in this Privacy Statement. Learn more information about "do not track" .
We partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based on your browsing activities and interests. You may opt out of this advertising.
How to opt out of interest-based advertising:
We may provide links to other third-party websites and services that are outside our control and not covered by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on those websites (and all websites) you visit.
If you participate in a discussion forum, local communities, or chat room on a website, you should be aware that the information you provide there (i.e. your public profile) will be made broadly available to others, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes neither nor you have control over. Also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. is not responsible for the personal information or any other information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@cisco.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities. does not knowingly collect personal information from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under the applicable age of consent in your country without proper consent, please let us know using the methods described in the Contact Us section and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
Consent to Transfer, Processing and Storage of Personal Information
As is a global organization, we may transfer your personal information to in the United States of America, to any subsidiary worldwide, or to third parties and business partners as described above that are located in various countries around the world. By using our websites and Solutions or providing any personal information to us, where applicable law permits, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
safeguards and enables the global transfer of personal information in a number of ways:
The Accountability Agent certified that Cisco's global privacy program complies with the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross-Border Privacy Rules System (CBPRs). The CBPRs provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating economies. More information about the Privacy Framework and CBPRs can be found here . Our certification applies to our business processes across our global operations that process and transfer personal information to/from our affiliates around the world. To view our certification, please visit the validation page
by clicking on the TRUSTe seal.
EU-and Swiss-Privacy Shields
is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under these Privacy Shield Frameworks, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. In certain situations, may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to these Privacy Shield Frameworks, is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Binding Corporate Rules - Controller
Cisco’s global privacy program and policies have been approved by the Dutch, Polish, Spanish, and other relevant European privacy regulators as providing adequate safeguards for the protection of privacy, fundamental rights, and freedoms of individuals for transfers of personal information protected under European law.  Cisco’s Binding Corporate Rules – Controller (BCR-C) provide that transfers made by worldwide of European personal information benefit from adequate safeguards.
copy of our BCR-can be found here . More information about BCRs can be found here .
If you have an unresolved privacy concern related to personal data processed or transferred by pursuant to the CBPRs and/or Privacy Shield that has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact (free of charge) our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider by clicking here . Under certain conditions more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Residents of the State of California, under California Civil Code § 1798.83, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if the company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out or opt-in choice for use of your personal information by third parties (such as advertisers) for marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options.
qualifies for the alternative option. We have a comprehensive privacy statement, and provide you with details on how you may either opt-out or opt-in to the use of your personal information by third parties for direct marketing purposes. Therefore, we are not required to maintain or disclose a list of the third parties that received your personal information for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise your third party disclosure choices, please email us your request .
We value your opinions. Should you have questions or comments related to this Privacy Statement, please email our privacy team at privacy@cisco.com.
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised version here, with an updated revision date. You agree to visit these pages periodically to be aware of and review any such revisions. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we may also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our websites or sending you a notification. By continuing to use our website after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.
The Privacy Statement was revised and posted as of April 20, 2018.
Thanks for the feedback
Would you like to earn an Amazon giftcard for participating in one of our Customer Experience online labs?
Take the Challenge
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
We Are Discover the #WeArestory on our social feeds, view our benefits and awards, and find out what we value most.
Benefits and perks to love
Cisconians work hard — and we reward hard. We go beyond the usual benefits with surprising extras we think you'll love.
Who better to say what Life at is like than those that live it! Real employee stories. Real life at Cisco.
Follow We Are Join the #WeAreconversation in social media as we highlight employee photos and stories about working at Cisco. Like. Share. Engage! ❤  
What we're proud of
Winning never gets old. Check out the many awards we’ve won for our people, innovation, and culture.
Inside People working together every day to create an inclusive atmosphere of ongoing inspiration — that’s #WeAreCisco.
Our People Deal
People matter most at Cisco. We grow our strengths, champion bold ideas, and bring meaning to our work every day.
Leadership is an attitude, not a title. Our leaders roll up their sleeves and motivate us to do the same.
Inclusivity is our strength and our priority. We want every employee to feel valued, respected, and heard. We thrive on diverse thinking, ideas, and practices in everything we do.
We give our time, hands, and hearts to transform education, boost access to technology, and preserve the planet.
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
Partner with Fuel Your Opportunity
Regardless of how well-constructed and efficient an engine is, it still requires energy in the form of fuel to convert into action; action to move forward, action to overcome obstacles, and action to get to a destination quickly.
Fueled by our innovation, together we can take our customers to new heights with greater digital business agility.
has and industry leadership. And our partners have strategic visions for their business. Where they intersect, are our Partner Programs. 
We have some exciting announcements about our programs.
Innovation can fuel your business, be your differentiator, and accelerate your profitability and growth.
Power-up your capabilities through the Partner Ecosystem to align and focus where it matters to create unparalleled strength.
Become even stronger
Condition your practices and skills to become bigger, stronger and faster while capturing amazing opportunities for growth.
Making Every Drop Count
Partner Itron developed Australia’s first smart water network to help save the Great Barrier Reef.
Partner Cloud4Wi helps The Prada Group deliver secure Wi-Fi and capture a personalized view of customers.
Sell and support products, services, and solutions for your customers.
Develop, test, market, sell, and connect with other channel partners.
Help customers adopt, expand, and renew to see the value of solutions.
Expand your enterprise networking opportunities
Every customer is an opportunity. Start expanding now with Cisco's latest Ioinnovations.
Get information on how to create new sales opportunities.
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
Accelerate your digital transformation. 
Our ecosystem of trusted partners can help make it happen.
Take your first step
Meet partners
Locate a partner in your country with the expertise, resources, and commitment to help you succeed.
Our partners have the solutions you need: the ones you’re looking for, and the ones you don’t yet know about.
Our partners do many jobs. They consult, integrate, build, provide, and sell solutions. They’ve got you covered. (- 86 KB)
Leveling the playing field
school district expands student horizons with help from the Partner Ecosystem.
Connect with the right partners
Innovate faster. Reduce complexity. Adapt quickly to changes. And maintain security.
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
is committed to providing a safe and positive experience to all users on our Site. To help us do that, we need you to follow a few basic rules when you’re here. Don’t worry, it’s not very complicated.
When using our Site, you must comply with all applicable laws, including federal, state, and local laws, the laws of your jurisdiction, and laws regarding the transmission of technical data.
Display, send, receive, or store obscene or inappropriate content.
Threaten, harass, stalk, defame, or defraud any person or entity.
Advertise, promote, endorse, or market, directly or indirectly, any third party commercial products, services, solutions, or other technologies.
Distribute unwanted, unsolicited, or harassing mass email or other messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (“spam”).
Send deceptive or false source-identifying information, including “spoofing” or “phishing.”
Access or use any application, system, service, tool, data, account, network, or content without authorization or for unintended purposes.
Disable, disrupt, circumvent, interfere with, or otherwise violate the security of the Site.
Attack, abuse, interfere with, intercept, disrupt, or exploit any users, systems, or services, regardless of how accomplished and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, including but not limited to Denial of Service (DoS), monitoring, crawling, spamming, using bots or scripts, or distributing malware (such as viruses, Trojan horses, worms, spyware, or adware).
Authorize, permit, enable, induce, or encourage any third party to do any of the above.
If you violate these Terms, your access to the Site may be terminated immediately and without notice.
In other words, just be respectful and use the Site for its intended purpose.
Cisco's Online Privacy Statement , including our  Cookie Policy , describes how we will protect your privacy and handle your personal information when using our Site. By using the Site, you agree that can use such information in accordance with this policy.
User Accounts and Profiles
In order to access certain services or features of our Site, you may be required to create an account, profile, or download software. We may also offer access to certain services and features of the Site to you for a fee. In those situations, or when using other products and services as part of the Site, additional terms or requirements may apply and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us. In the event of any conflict between such additional terms and these Terms, the additional terms control.
We may, in our sole discretion, (i) reject or remove anything you post, (ii) restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any or all of the Site, or (iii) cease to provide and maintain the Site, at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. Upon doing so, we may retain or delete any information or content that you provided.
Our Site contains content owned, operated, licensed, and/or controlled by that is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights ("Site Content"). or its licensors retain all rights in such Site Content. grants you a limited, revocable, nonsublicensable right to view the Site Content solely for your internal use of the Site. Additionally, certain Site Content may include, but is not limited to, icons, photographs, white papers, product documentation, overviews, and implementation guides. These materials may be used under limited circumstances in strict accordance with our  Copyright Use Policies  and  Guidelines , including our  Web Use Guidelines .
The trademarks, logos, and service marks ("Marks") displayed on our Site are the property of or other third parties. is a registered trademark of and/or its affiliates. Marks may be used under limited circumstances in strict accordance with our  Trademark Guidelines . Otherwise, you are not permitted to use these Marks without the prior written consent of or the third party that owns the Mark. Find a complete list of trademarks at:  http://www.cisco.com/web/siteassets/legal/trademark.html .
Software, in both source and binary forms, sample code, APIs, SDKs, associated documentation, and other related materials (collectively, “Software Content”) may be available for download on certain parts of the Site. or its licensors own and retain all rights in such Software Content, including all applicable intellectual property rights.
Nothing in these Terms grants any right or license to Software Content. Software Content is governed by its own separate terms and conditions and all use of Software Content must be in accordance with the specified license(s), which may include, but is not limited to,  Cisco's End User License Agreement , software development licenses (e.g., API, SDK, and Sample Code licenses), and free/open source software licenses, as applicable.
We do not claim any ownership rights in any text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, software, works of authorship, or other materials that you upload or otherwise provide to our Site (collectively, "User Content"). However, you grant to a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute your User Content for the limited purpose of providing the Site and all related services. You also agree that any other user of this Site may access, view, store, and reproduce your User Content for such user's personal use or otherwise in connection with use of the Site.
You may intend for some of your User Content to be generally available as Software Content on our Site. In those cases, in addition to the permissions that you grant above, you must also specify a license that provides other users with sufficient rights to use your work as intended, such as an open source or Creative Commons license. For guidance on how to choose an appropriate free software license, this is a helpful third party resource:  https://choosealicense.com/ .
You cannot post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way copyrighted or other proprietary materials without obtaining the prior written consent of the copyright owner of such materials. We may terminate an account and/or deny access to any user who is alleged to have infringed the copyright or proprietary rights of another.
All User Content is considered nonconfidential and public. Please do not submit any confidential or private information.
If you believe that your copyright or other rights have been infringed, please provide our Designated Agent written notice with the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other interest
description of the copyrighted work or other work that you claim has been infringed
description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on our sites, networks or other repositories
Your address, telephone number, and email address
written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law
statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf
Our Designated Agent for claims of copyright infringement is:
Office of General Counsel
If the disputed materials were posted by a third party identifiable through reasonable efforts, we will try to provide notice to the third party of the charge. If the third party responds, we will provide you with a copy so that you may take any other steps you may consider appropriate.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
Except as specifically set forth above, nothing in these Terms confers, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right under any trade secret, patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right of or any third party. All rights not expressly licensed are reserved.
Although we have attempted to provide accurate information on our Site, we assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
Our Site contains links to third party sites. We provide these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of their content. Access to any other site linked to this Site is at your own risk and we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on such sites.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, registration, and password information. will not be liable for any harm caused by, or related to, the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password, disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password.
We may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice. Mention of non-products or services is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. Because international information is provided on our Site, not all products or programs mentioned will be available in your country. Please contact your local sales representative for information as to products and services available in your country.
The Site and all information on the Site are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, and export control laws, and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action against anyone who, in Cisco's sole discretion, is suspected of violating any applicable law, including, without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities.
Some of the information on our Site may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of Cisco. Such statements are only predictions and actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically, the Company's most recent Form 10-and Form 10-filings as such may be amended from time to time. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: potential fluctuations in quarterly results; dependence on new product development; rapid technological and market change; competitive landscape; acquisition strategy; supply chain-related risks; cybersecurity and other risks associated with Internet-based systems and infrastructure deployments; global economic and political risks; and volatility of stock price.
"IS" KIND, LAW, WARRANTIES, IMPLIED, INCLUDING, LIMITATION, MERCHANTABILITY, PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, DEALING, USAGE, PRACTICE.
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCLUDING, LIMITATION, REVENUES, GOODS, CONTENT, PRESENT, DAMAGES.
We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time at our sole discretion. Please check this page periodically for any updates.
These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding any conflict of laws rules or principles.
If there is any dispute relating to the Site or these Terms, you and agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of Santa Clara County, State of California, U.S.A.
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be struck and the remaining provisions will remain in full effect.
If you or others violate these Terms and we take no immediate action, this in no way limits or waives our rights, such as our right to take action in the future or in similar situations.
These terms were last updated on 09/07/2018 and are effective immediately.
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
captions off, selected
This is a modal window.
Close Modal Dialog
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Close Modal Dialog
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
captions off, selected
This is a modal window.
Close Modal Dialog
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Close Modal Dialog
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
You know that same page we’re all supposed to be on? It’s here.
Introducing Webex Teams. Now you can stay connected between meetings with virtual meeting spaces, messaging, file sharing, whiteboards, and even video calling.
Compare team collaboration solutions
Find out how Webex Teams stacks up against competitors.
captions off, selected
This is a modal window.
Close Modal Dialog
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Close Modal Dialog
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
for the next generation
"We want to provide students the opportunities they need to be the people they want to be. The Webex tools that we use provide them chances to see things that maybe they wouldn’t see otherwise."
- Drew Lane, Executive Director of Information & Communications Technologies, Shawnee Mission School District
Get all the power of Webex Meetings and Webex Teams—right in your learning management system.
Webex Teams brings everyone and everything together in one simple-to-use, secure space. Moving work forward has never been easier.
Our People Deal manifesto shares the story of who we are, what we do and where we’re heading. It is also the foundation of Our People Deal, outlining what you can expect of us as a company and what we expect of you.
Our People Deal manifesto
didn’t just build the Internet. We keep building it. First the Internet of computers. Then the Internet of people. Now the Internet of Everything.
Our changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. But our edge doesn’t come from technology. It comes from our people.
It begins with the knowledge that tomorrow starts here. With us. And with you. With the amazing things that happen when we connect the unconnected.
We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better. We don’t just dream it, we do it every day at Cisco. And we’re doing it faster than ever before, in ways no one else can.
We innovate everywhere to create fresh ideas and possibilities. Taking bold risks to shape the future because we understand every failure is a success if we learn from it.
We make a meaningful difference for our people, our customers and the world around us. We support each other and work together to create shared success that will benefit everyone.
The future of Cisco. The growth of our customers. The lives of people around the world. They’re all connected. Because the Internet of Everything is here. And everything starts with you.
We are honest and straightforward. We say what needs to be said and hold ourselves accountable. We earn the trust and confidence of others. Our integrity defines and leads us.
We give our time and knowledge to create innovative technologies and positive experiences that make the world a better place. We think big and make no excuses.
We have the courage to take informed risks, simplify the complex and pursue excellence. We anticipate market transitions and chart new paths to relevant, meaningful solutions for our customers.
We recognize that when we bring together our collective experience, knowledge and ideas, we drive better solutions to help our customers and partners succeed and our business grow profitably. We leverage our to move quickly together, focused on delivering the results the business needs from us.
We are a company built on relationships so we listen to our customers. We take their needs on as our own and move as quickly as they need us to. We deliver superior solutions to achieve their dreams and earn their trust as their most strategic business partner.
We work, grow, learn and have fun together. We support and trust one another. We inspire each other. We celebrate diverse perspectives, encourage openness and reward team results.
We are honest and straightforward. We say what needs to be said and hold ourselves accountable. We earn the trust and confidence of others. Our integrity defines and leads us.
We give our time and knowledge to create innovative technologies and positive experiences that make the world a better place. We think big and make no excuses.
What our employees can expect from us
We’ll help connect you with the people, information and opportunities you need to succeed. And we’ll set the direction to meet our customers’ needs, with the speed required in today’s market, and change the world for the better.
What we ask of you, our employees
You align your work to our business goals and our customers’ needs. You connect with your peers to deliver the best outcomes and results and you take no excuses. You understand that by connecting the unconnected you can make amazing things happen.
Our People Deal manifesto
Our employees share the story of who we are, what we do and how we change the way the world lives, works, plays, and learns.
Innovate everywhere
What our employees can expect from us
We’ll provide an open and agile environment to explore your best ideas, challenge the norm, and develop your skills to help us disrupt the market and lead the way to a better tomorrow.
What we ask of you, our employees
You relentlessly pursue a better, smarter, and faster tomorrow. You take bold risks and innovate to help our customers reach their full potential.
Benefit everyone
What our employees can expect from us
We’ll welcome you to a team of the best and brightest; where your development is supported and we recognize the value of your contribution. Our satisfaction comes from our collective ability to make a meaningful difference in the world.
What we ask of you, our employees
You commit to living our values and believe in winning together. You share knowledge, offer support, respect and care for each other and every day you contribute to our shared success.
Follow We Are Join the #WeAreconversation in social media as we highlight employee photos and stories about working at Cisco. Like. Share. Engage! ❤  
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
About Customer Stories
See how our customers are changing the world.
Contact Get a call from Presales
Training & Certification
Other Countries
Montana State University takes secure approach to networking and research
Montana State University's commitment to learning, discovery, and engagement extends to The university uses Digital Network Architecture (DNA) with Software-Defined Access (SD-Access) and collaboration solutions to help push the boundaries of research.
Customer case studies highlighting customer and partner success with products and solutions.
Sharp HealthCare improves lives with modernized IT
is a game changer for First National Bank
Aachen University extends its network
Turku Energia drives improved threat protection
Web Summit builds a dream digital experience
Inside the Atlanta Braves’ stadium of the future
connects data centers on campus and beyond
Turkish Airlines focuses on security while customers focus on experience
connects its global organization with Webex
protects customers from malware threats
University of Utah Health simplifies ops, accelerates development
Salt River Project modernizes its network
Browse customer stories by industry
Sports and Entertainment
The story doesn’t stop here
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
At Cisco, we believe environmental sustainability is critical for economies and for all global citizens. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions, preserving biodiversity and natural resources, and designing our products to minimize waste. These important actions are factored into every aspect of our business.
High standards, less carbon
To reduce our own greenhouse gas emissions, we’re aggressively increasing our use of renewable energy. In our last fiscal year, it accounted for 80% of our electricity use worldwide. By 2020, we plan to eliminate one million tons of greenhouse gases from our supply chain.
Our products help our customers reduce their carbon footprints, too – from the data center to the desktop. People use our collaboration solutions to work remotely, which translates to less fuel burned on the ground and in the air. And our energy-efficient cloud solutions help businesses reduce their energy needs.
Rhinos will be extinct in South Africa by 2025 if poaching is not stopped. This will harm the ecosystem and reduce economic activity. and Dimension Data partnered to track poachers at a game reserve through seismic sensors, drone cameras, thermal imaging, and biometric scanning.
Building products to last
is committed to leading the future of circularity when it comes to designing and selling our products. This means materials flow continuously within the economy, rather than being used once and discarded.
We design our products to be maintained and upgraded to extend their life. And, we make it easy and cost effective for customers to return their unused products instead of disposing of them. By reusing, refurbishing, reselling, and recycling this returned equipment, we keep materials in circulation and out of landfills. 
Refresh (Certified Remanufactured)
At Cisco, we believe more than ever that what’s good for the world is good for business. The Refresh (Certified Remanufactured) program demonstrates our commitment to minimizing our environmental impact and helps you do the same. With Refresh, you get the quality products you expect from us with a fully sustainable low carbon footprint. Discover how we’re positively impacting the planet.
Global problem solving for the planet
We look for opportunities to minimize Cisco’s impact on the environment in every corner of our business and our supply chain. And we seek ways reduce energy use and protect Earth’s biodiversity. Below are a few of our key accomplishments. View our infographic for more results.
45% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and 2)
96% reduction in rhino poaching at a South Africa game reserve through partnership with Dimension Data
13,946 metric tonne of products returned to for reuse, refurbishing, or recycling last fiscal year
We are committed to protecting the planet
EnergyOps projects pay off
Energy-reduction projects at our facilities save energy, cut costs, and increase comfort.
Taking ambition on climate change to the next level
At the Global Climate Action Summit, joined 20 other companies as part of the  Step Up Declaration  to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
We are protecting the world’s oldest animals with some of the world’s newest 2019 global sustainability leader
was recently recognized by Corporate Knights and as part of CDP's A-List for excellence in sustainability.
Discover how we are accelerating global problem solving to make the impossible possible.
captions off, selected
This is a modal window.
Close Modal Dialog
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
Close Modal Dialog
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
is focused on accelerating the adoption of circularity. This means thinking differently about the way we design, build, and deliver products and solutions, and recycle and reuse assets.
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
Choose Language Selection
My Need an account?
Secure backbone empowers DataScan to focus on clients
DataScan, an industry-leading risk management and wholesale accounting software provider, was expending valuable time managing its onsite data center. With a new headquarters move on the horizon, the company decided to outsource data center operations and needed a partner to securely deliver its products and services to its financial industry clients.
The company was able to improve performance and enhance security with a purpose-built data center solution while freeing time to focus on their core business.
Welcome to Cisco!
How can help you?
Get a call from Presales
Training & Certification
Other Countries
Improve security and performance without interrupting service delivery.
Outsource operations to two new, purpose-built data centers.
Application Centric Infrastructure
AnyConnect Secure Mobility Client
Unified Computing System
62 percent increase in batch processing efficiency.
Faster online transactions.
Secure network infrastructure gives clients and DataScan greater peace of mind.
Who is DataScan?
Industry: and financial risk management solutions
You may also like these customer stories:
 Building the stadium of the future with the Atlanta Braves
Hutchinson Networks diversifies business with cloud services
About Customer stories
Environmental sustainability
The Trust Center
Contact Meet our partners
We Are Our People Deal
Meraki
Statement on the Prevention of Slavery and Human Trafficking
At Cisco, labor and human rights are a top priority for us. We are committed to treating everyone who works at or with with dignity and respect, and explicitly prohibit human trafficking and the use of involuntary labor within our supply base.
We are committed to working with industry partners to drive common high standards. We also encourage our employees to lead beyond - by partnering with other thought leaders across the electronics industry, we increase our positive impact.
The below statement communicates Cisco's policies and practices to respect human rights, and how we identify and address potential impacts, mitigate risks and maximize opportunities for human rights to flourish. upholds and respects human rights as contained in the United Nations (UN) Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), the eight Core Labor Conventions developed by the International Labor Organization (ILO), the Global Compact (UNGC), and the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP). Cisco’s approach is informed by the documents identified above, anchored to the approach set forth in the UNGP, and extends through ongoing engagement of stakeholders.
About Our Supply Chain Network
Our sourcing and manufacturing are entirely outsourced to a global network of specialist suppliers and partners. Hundreds of suppliers around the world supply the parts that go into our products, and then manufacturing partners assemble and test finished products, provide logistical services, and collect, refurbish, and recycle products at the end of their useful life. The major elements of our supply chain are briefly described below.
Component suppliers: a much wider group of suppliers, often contracted directly by to provide parts to our manufacturing partners according to our specifications;
Manufacturing partners: a select group of suppliers that produce finished products; and
Logistics service providers that transport components and finished products.
Cisco's Policies and Actions
Cisco's policies and approach to preventing involuntary labor and human trafficking have been developed based on international labor and human rights standards as well as best practices across the global business community. These policies establish the baseline expectations as well as communicate our values and help promote trust and collaboration as a key underpinning of our many business and stakeholder relationships. Cisco’s specific policies include:
Global Human Rights Policy: Our approach and commitment to upholding and respecting human rights is governed by our Global Human Rights Policy . Our policy is informed by international human rights frameworks, including the UDHR, the core labor standards, and the We review our policy on a regular basis, and we use a company-wide human rights governance structure to implement our commitment. Our Human Rights Working Group includes experts from functions across the business.
Code of Business Conduct (COBC): Our is a crucial part of our company culture that provides employees with a clear understanding of our core values and the high standards for ethical conduct by which we conduct our business.
Supplier Code of Conduct with Freely Chosen Employment Requirement: Cisco's Supplier Code of Conduct (the " Code ”)is aligned with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) (formerly Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition) Code of Conduct . It defines the expectations has of its suppliers to implement management systems to ensure workers’ rights are protected, including our requirements regarding workers having the right to freely choose their employment, and prohibits the use of forced, bonded (including debt bondage) and indentured labor, involuntary prison labor, slavery, or trafficking of persons. Furthermore, it is a foundational element of our Supplier Ethics Policy.
Supplier Ethics Policy: Our Supplier Ethics Policy requires suppliers and their employees to conduct themselves with the highest standards of honesty, fairness, and personal integrity. As part of the supplier qualification process, suppliers must acknowledge that subcontractors and any other parties they engage to provide services to Cisco, will act in accordance with the Supplier Ethics Policy. Furthermore, suppliers acknowledge and commit to the Code when they agree to the Supplier Ethics Policy.
has taken multiple actions to ensure the prevention of forced labor, slavery and human trafficking in our own business and supply chain, including;
Verification: We evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery through conformance to the Code. We pursue conformance by using the RBA's Maplecroft Risk Assessment tool, Supplier Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ), Validated Audit Process (VAP) , or equivalent. We also convene or attend teleconferences, webinars and other meetings so that we may better understand and monitor risks associated with labor recruitment practices. We conduct these activities regularly and extensively.
Audits: We conduct supplier audits or review audit reports through the RBA’s audit sharing system, and conduct unannounced audits as necessary. The tools referenced above are utilized as part of a risk-based approach to determining which suppliers to audit. The audit process includes self-assessments, on-site inspections, document reviews, and worker and management interviews.
Certification: The Code states that companies should have a management system that contains a process to communicate requirements and to monitor compliance. Moreover, we have master purchasing agreements, purchase order or equivalent terms and conditions in place requiring compliance with international standards and applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore, we require suppliers to adopt and abide by the Code.
Accountability: Non-compliance with human rights related provisions of the Code is taken very seriously. Corrective action plans are expected to be implemented in the shortest possible timeline with accountability clearly defined and tracked. The senior executive in charge of the supplier relationship is responsible for ensuring compliance with the Code and remediation of concerns. Progress is reported to supply chain executive leadership, at minimum on a quarterly basis, and more frequently as needed. Furthermore, for our own employees, we require compliance with our COBC, and employees certify compliance annually. Our describes how to raise concerns, which are tracked at both regional and corporate levels.
Training: Our strategy focuses on engaging and capacity-building. We regularly engage across the globe to train on Code fundamentals. This helps us build capacity and focus on improvement. For our own employees, our training helps guide our employees to make ethical, professional and respectful choices. Further, we have developed and launched customized training including specific details about human rights in supply chain. For suppliers, the investments we collectively make to workshops and training content are mutually beneficial, ensuring understanding of policies and standards. RBA’s Learning Academy provides online trainings on a range of topics, including methods to combat trafficked and forced labor in the supply chain. As part of our audit process, suppliers will be directed to training resources related to an audit finding and are expected to complete the training.
Commitment to Leadership Through Collaboration and Transparency
We are actively involved in advancing industry-wide responsible practices through our engagement in the , a nonprofit alliance of leading companies dedicated to respecting the rights and promoting well-being of workers and communities engaged in the global electronics supply chain. is a founding member of the RBA, and contributes to the development and periodic revision of the Code of Conduct.
           Member Executive Leadership Team
*This Statement is also responsive to website disclosures required under the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act and other emerging and developing laws and regulations globally pertaining to Transparency in Supply Chains
Like many companies, uses cookies and other technologies, some of which are essential to make our website work. Others help us improve services and the user experience or to advertise. In using our site, you consent to the use of these cookies and other technologies. Learn more about cookies and other technologies we use. Change your preferences
