Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Drugs precisely delivered by suprachoroidal injection with access to the choroid and the retina where the diseases present. 
Drugs will be most effective if they can be delivered directly to the part of the eye that requires treatment, such as the choroid and retina”
Eye diseases such as uveitis and diabetic macular edema present in the choroid and retina. Through the ingenious efforts of our research and development team, we have developed a unique and elegant way to access the choroid and retina through the suprachoroidal space to treat these diseases.
Clinical Program Objectives
 Consistent patient response 
 Improved benefits to risk ratio
CLS-is administered by suprachoroidal injection.
Not available for clinical use. Not approved by the or other regulatory bodies.
Boundless. Hope.
Join our team at 
Learn more about career opportunities and benefits at Biomedical.
Powered by InnovasiumToggle navigation
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
We see a world without blindness.
The pursuit of transformative, elegant, precise solutions to restore and preserve vision.
Our core values of leadership, achievement, teamwork, integrity, and communication ground us in our pursuit.
Our leadership team
President and CEO
Thomas Ciulla, M.D., MBA
Chief Medical Officer
Chief Financial Officer
Brion Raymond
Chief Commercial Officer
General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
Our vice presidents
Vice President, Engineering & Manufacturing
Carol Hoang, PharmD, MBA
Vice President, Medical Affairs
Edward Lee, Ph.D.
Vice President, CMC
Vice President, Supply Chain
Viral Kansara, Ph.D.
Vice President, Discovery
Rick McElheny
Vice President, Corporate Development
Vice President, Safety
Jennifer Kissner, Ph.D.
Vice President, Clinical Development
Vice President, Quality
Our board of 
Chairperson, Executive Vice President of Ortho Dermatologic
Richard Croarkin
George Lasezkay, Pharm.D., J.D.
Christy Shaffer, Ph.D.
Board Member, Venture Partner and Managing Director of Hatteras Discovery
Board Member, General Partner with Hatteras Venture Partners 
Join our team at 
Learn more about career opportunities and benefits at Biomedical.
Powered by Innovasium