Duplex Plug & Play™ provides a simple, pre-engineered, and standardized direct burner replacement solution for traditional refinery heaters where Duplex™ technology can be applied to great benefit. Unlike existing burner solutions, the evolution of Duplex technology into an off-the-shelf product reduces the customized engineering associated with typical retrofits while delivering unparalleled low emissions and the elimination of flame impingement.
The Plug & Play design is ideal for vertical process heaters and can be configured for a variety of gaseous fuels including natural gas, refinery fuels, and field or waste gas.
This unique “Plug & Play” design can be easily retrofitted to replace existing burners and can be inserted into an existing burner opening even while the heater is operational — on-the-fly and without the need for a costly shutdown.
Duplex Plug & Play™ brings NOx levels to below 5 ppm and eliminates flame impingement on process and shock tubes as well as burner-to burner interaction problems common among typical low-emission burners. Performance is achieved without the use of so-called “staged combustion,” excess air, catalyst, flue gas recirculation or other similar methods for reducing NOx and emissions within industrial fired heaters.
Duplex Technology is the simplest solution on the market for reducing NOx to less than 5ppm while improving all other critical performance factors.
Unlike traditional burner technology, Duplex is the only solution that improves system efficiency.
It's low cost.
Duplex technology is by far the lowest-cost method of reducing emissions from sources. It comprises a simple retrofit. Let us install the Duplex system solution.
Duplex™ technology offers SCR-level performance at a fraction of the cost.
Providing a hot surface some distance away from the introduction of fuel and air in enclosed flares can allow for sufficient mixing prior to ignition. Joe Colannino, Combustion, USA, explains how in the January 2018 issue of Hydrocarbon Engineering.
Joe Colannino and Roberto Ruiz, Combustion, USA, introduce an innovative piece of technology that was able to help a Californian refinery reduce its emissions in the July 2017 issue of Hydrocarbon Engineering.
How do we do it?
The secret of Duplex Technology lies in the thousands of small chambers that make up a Duplex tile. Each holds a tiny flame burning with far more efficiency than a single large flame.
The result is a more efficient radiant heat profile that eases stress on burner parts while improving efficiency and increasing maximum throughput potential.
The Duplex tiles radiate uniform heat. The roar of the turbulent flame becomes a whisper and harmful gases and particulates are prevented from ever forming in the first place.
Duplex is the most capable and beneficial technology on the market.
typical burner configuration produces a turbulent cloud of fire. Inside the flame cloud, the mix of oxygen to fuel is inconsistent throughout, resulting in relatively poor and the production of undesirable gases and particulates. Dangerous hotspots can form within the chamber and stress burner parts. It is not uncommon for stressed parts to fail catastrophically and risk injury or death. Repairs can take weeks. Due to this risk, maintenance must be performed frequently. However, each shut-down period is costly in terms of man-power, equipment, and lost productivity.
At ClearSign, we wanted to find a way to reduce criteria emissions while addressing the challenge of cost, inefficiency and maintenance down-time. We did just that. And you’re going to love our solution.
By contrast, Duplex products improve the air-to-fuel mix by greatly expanding the mixing zone for optimal performance. The that occurs within the Duplex tiles is much more complete. As a result, Duplex technology reduces NOx emissions to levels that meet or beat the most stringent environmental regulations found anywhere in the world.
Since the Duplex technology operates as a black or grey body, heat is radiated more efficiently than a raw flame. Therefore, unlike a typical burner flame, heat is radiated in a manner that will never impinge upon furnace process tubes, resulting in fewer maintenance cycles, fewer outages, and more production. Duplex technology is the first of a series of developed platforms that virtually eliminate criteria pollutants while increasing operational efficiency in industrial applications.
Prevent harmful gases and particulates from ever forming in the first place.
Eliminate costly downstream equipment that cuts into your bottom line.
Duplex is the only system that pays for itself. Period.
Email Address :Donald Kendrick, Ph.D., Chief Technology Officer
Prior to joining in 2015, Dr. Kendrick served as Director and of Lean Flame Inc., a company that commercializes disruptive, ultra-low emissions systems for gas turbine applications. Previously, he was operations manager for United Technologies Corporation’s Pratt & Whitney PulseDyne Division, where he worked to develop, commercialize and sell the SHOCKSystem™ Online Detonation Cleaning System. He has also served as the Aerothermal Department Head of Ramgen Power Systems, where he developed the first ever Trapped Vortex Combustor (TVC) for land-based gas turbine applications. Donald has authored more than 40 publications and papers in the fields of thermal sciences, fluid dynamics and combustion, and holds 12 patents. Dr. Kendrick has a BSc. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of British Columbia and both an MSc. and Ph.in Mechanical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology.
Prior to joining in 2016 as the Company’s Controller, Mr. Fike was a Regional Controller, Strategy Manager, Finance Manager and Accounting Manager for Darigold, Inc which is a $2 Billion Food Manufacturing company providing high-quality dairy products throughout the Pacific Rim.  Mr. Fike began his career in the United States Naval Reserve as an Electronic Warfare specialist assigned to the Atlantic Fleet and a Training Petty Officer at Boise.  Mr. Fike received a in Accountancy from Boise State University and an from the Foster School of Business at the University of Washington.
Prior to joining in 2017, Mr. Sock spent 25 years in the process plants industry with Amec Foster Wheeler and Burrow Global Engineering & Construction.  He has spent the majority of his career supporting the business winning activities in various capacities including Vice President Commercial Operations at AFW, and Business Development roles at both and Burrow Global.  Mr. Sock has extensive experience interacting with global customers in the process plants industries involving technology, product and service sales and has as strong understanding of how clients in these industries make complicated purchasing decisions.  He joined Foster Wheeler as a Process Engineer directly from Lehigh University, where he studied chemical engineering.
Mr. Hoffman is the Managing Director of Princeton Opportunity Management LLC, which he founded in February 2011. Mr. Hoffman is also the managing member of GPclirLLC, which is the managing member of clirLLC, our largest shareholder. Mr. Hoffman also served as the founder and managing partner of Candlewood Capital, a long/short fund which managed more than $1 billion in primarily institutional assets. He was also a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager for the Scudder Stevens and Clark Growth & Income (G&I) product, where he was responsible for all buy and sell decisions. During his tenure, G&assets under his management expanded from approximately $1.75 billion to more than $25 billion. Mr. Hoffman was also nominated by two separate Governors to serve three terms as a member and Chairperson of the State of New Jersey Investment Council from 1990 to 2002.
Mr. Isaacson joined the Board of Directors in 2011. He has over 33 years of experience in advising and representing businesses in managing their programs related to environmental, legal and regulatory risk issues. From 2000 to 2016, he was Vice President with California Portland Cement Company where he oversaw the environmental programs for this construction materials manufacturing company with operations in the Western United States. Mr. Isaacson is an experienced legal expert on a broad scope of environmental compliance requirements for major federal environmental laws and programs as well as related state programs. He has been the principal advising attorney on environmental issues for complex, multi‑program projects to include remediation of federal and state cleanup sites, development projects, industrial air emissions, and, more recently, federal and state actions to regulate greenhouse gases. In his prior position as a partner with the Seattle law firm of Bogle and Gates, he advised clients on federal, state and local environmental compliance, land use, government contractor liability and exposure to toxic or hazardous materials as well as issues related to individual and corporate civil and criminal liability under environmental laws. Clients included local governments and a number of large and mid-size businesses and companies involved in manufacturing, production, and service. Previous to that, he was the Chief of the Environmental Law Division at the Department of the Army and the senior attorney responsible for advising commands throughout the United States on environmental policy and compliance issues arising from Army activities, and handled or supervised complex and significant environmental actions that were under the scrutiny of federal, state, and local regulators as well as interested private environmental organizations. Mr. Isaacson holds a BSc. from the Military Academy at West Point and a Juris Doctor from the University of Washington. He is a member of the bar for United States Supreme Court, the Supreme Court of the State of Washington, and the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Dr. Bell joined the Board of Directors in 2011. He is a leading expert in the mass production of thermoelectric products. He has authored more than 20 publications in the areas of thermodynamics of thermoelectric systems, automotive crash sensors, and other electronic and electromechanical devices. Five of his inventions have gone into mass production and dominated their target markets. In 1991, Dr. Bell founded Amerigon Inc. and has been a Consultant to Amerigon since December 2010. Dr. Bell has served many roles in Amerigon, Inc., including Chief Technology Officer until December 2010, Director of Technology until 2000, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer until 1999, and President until 1997. Dr. Bell served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of LLC, a subsidiary of Amerigon from September 2000 to December 2010. He has served as a Director of Amerigon since 1991. Previously, Dr. Bell co-founded Technar Incorporated, which developed and manufactured automotive components, and served as Technar’s Chairman and President until selling majority ownership to Inc. in 1986. Dr. Bell continued managing Technar, then known as Technar, as its President until 1991. He co-founded Mahindra Electric Vehicle Co Ltd. in 1994 and serves as its Vice Chairman. He has been a Member of Scientific Advisory Board of Nextreme Thermal Solutions, Inc. since 2006. Dr. Bell received a B.Sc. in Mathematics, an MSc. in Rocket Propulsion, and a Ph.in Mechanical Engineering from the California Institute of Technology. He serves on the board of directors of Ideal Power Inc. (NASDAQ:IPWR) and Clean Diesel Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:CDTI).
Ms. Meline joined the Board of Directors in 2018. She is a specialist in both finance and law having worked for many years with both public and privately held companies in all stages of their life cycles. She has held positions as a lawyer, investment banker, board member and investor. Susanne co-founded Francis Capital Management, a value-based investment advisor, where she continues to specialize in small cap stocks. Ms. Meline is an experienced legal professional, having worked with Jones Day – an international law firm that provides corporate legal advisory services across multiple disciplines and jurisdictions. She previously worked as an investment banker with Houlihan Lokey, a global investment bank serving corporations, institutions, and governments worldwide. Susanne is a Certified Director through the Anderson School of Management and a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors. Ms. Meline received a in political science from UCLA, and a from the Hastings College of the Law. She served on the board of directors of Finomial Corporation, a Series stage FinTech company, until 2018 at which time she transitioned to her current role as a Series board observer.
Mr. Simmons is the founder and of Asset Management, an investment advisory firm founded in 1981.  Jim has been a Chartered Financial Analyst since 1985 and has over four decades of experience in security analysis portfolio management. As ICM’s Chief Investment Officer, he leads portfolio strategy for all portfolios with a particular emphasis on undiscovered and turn-around small cap companies.  In addition, Jim has been active over the years in assisting small start-up companies in Spokane and the Northwest.  As Chairman of the Board of he also provides the overarching strategic direction for the firm.  Before founding ICM, Jim served as the head of Old National Bank’s trust investment department, and prior to this, as a portfolio manager with the bank now known as Comerica.  Jim earned a bachelor’s degree in economics from Michigan State University, and is a member of both Institute and the Society of Spokane.
