 platform technology to deliver high-performing enzymes and customized solutions in a wide array of applications.
Improve production processes with state-of-the-art enzymes.
Impact product quality and profitability with expert protein engineering.
Accelerate next-generation sequencing with powerful enzyme solutions.
“We view as an extension of our internal research and development programs at Tate & Lyle and are excited about the opportunities which this partnership brings to deliver new and innovative food ingredients to the market.”
“[Codexis’] process, which won a 2010 Presidential Green Chemistry Award, increased sitagliptin yield, cut back on production steps, and reduced water use and waste. The advance led to a threefold increase in productivity and helped us avoid the cost of building a second factory to meet rising demand for Januvia.”
“The partnership with strengthens our footprint in the enzyme field, a fast-developing part of the nutritional therapy innovation frontier that is changing the way we manage our health.”
“We chose the platform after a thorough evaluation of the enzyme evolution landscape. has a significant track record of delivering evolved biocatalysts for pharmaceutical and fine chemical applications over an extended period of time.”
Total revenues increase 70% to $16.9 million driven by higher product revenue and R&revenue across an increased number of customers Conference call begins at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time today CITY, Calif. , Nov. 08, 2018 (NEWSWIRE) —…
to Present at Two Investment Conferences in November
to Hold Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call on November 8
Total revenues increase 70% to $16.9 million driven by higher product revenue and R&revenue across an increased number of customers Conference call begins at 4:30 p.m. Eastern time today CITY, Calif. , Nov. 08, 2018 (NEWSWIRE) —…
to Present at Two Investment Conferences in November
to Hold Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call on November 8
National Association For Business Resources Announces San Francisco Bay Area’s Best And Brightest Companies To Work For® Winners
is pleased to announce we’ve been selected as one of the nation’s Best and Brightest Companies to Work For®. September 11, 2018 – San Francisco, — Companies that excel at employee relations, use innovation to motivate employees, implement…
to Present at Three Investment Conferences in September
to Hold Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call on August 8
Since 2002, has created new technologies to 
. Put our unmatched protein engineering expertise to work for you.
 with Talk To Learn More
256th National Meeting (Boston)
Jim Lalonde, of R&to present at the Biocatalysis Gordon Research Conference
National Alliance Conference – Panel Session and Poster Presentation
John Nicols, & President to moderate session at the Boston Conference
255th National Meeting (New Orleans)
Cowen and Company 38th Annual Health Care Conference
Jim Lalonde, of Research and Development, to speak at the 2017 AminoBiocat Conference in Manchester
Since 2002, has created new technologies to 
. Put our unmatched protein engineering expertise to work for you.
 with Talk To Learn More
Submitbuilds relationships to expand the reach of its protein engineering capabilities and applications
GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is a science-led global health care company with a special purpose: to help people do more, feel better, live longer. In 2014, signed a license agreement with for use of their proprietary CodeEvolver® protein engineering platform technology to develop novel enzymes for more efficient and sustainable manufacture of GSK’s pharmaceutical and health care products.
Merck is a leading global biopharmaceutical company that has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases. Under a 2015 technology transfer and licensing agreement, completed transfer of its proprietary CodeEvolver®  protein engineering platform technology to enhance Merck’s capabilities by advancing and expanding the use of custom enzymes in pharmaceutical manufacturing processes.
Nestlé Health Science (NHSc) , a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nestlé, is a health-science company engaged in advancing the role of nutrition therapy to change the course of health for consumers, patients and its partners in health care. In 2017, and Nestlé Health Science entered into a strategic collaboration for multiple projects accessing Codexis’ CodeEvolver®  protein engineering platform technology to fuel therapeutic and nutritional innovation. The partnership includes a Nestlé Health Science option for the global development of Codexis’ novel enzyme, CDX-6114, for the management of phenylketonuria (PKU). Nestlé Health Science has also secured strategic access to the CodeEvolver® technology for the discovery of biotherapeutics for other metabolic disorders and for the development of novel enzymes for medical nutrition and consumer care products.
Tate & Lyle is a global provider of ingredients and solutions to the food, beverage and other industries, with operations in more than 30 locations worldwide. Since 2013, and Tate & Lyle have been working in deep collaboration to develop novel enzymes and efficient processes for the sustainable and economic manufacture of food ingredients. The latest success in this partnership is the commercialization, within only two years of initial concept discussions, of a multi-enzyme process for the production of Tasteva® Stevia Sweetener – a naturally derived sweetener in high demand within the food & beverage industries.
Porton Pharma Solutions  provides custom development and cmanufacturing services to the global drug industry. In 2018, and Porton entered into a strategic collaboration to accelerate the creation and commercialization of new, low-cost sustainable manufacturing processes to supply small molecule pharmaceuticals. The partnership reduces costs by improving yields, eliminating processing steps, enhancing capital productivity and/or minimizing consumption of solvents or energy or downstream waste processing. licenses core elements of its biocatalyst technologies to Porton and provides preferential access to its CodeEvolver® protein engineering platform technology for the creation of new biocatalytic process solutions. In parallel, Porton pledges to utilize the CodeEvolver® technology team and to drive adoption of biocatalyst technologies into its custom contract development and manufacturing offerings.
Contact us if you are interested in partnering with as we unlock the power of proteins® and deliver customized solutions.Since 2002, Codexis’ scientists and bioinformatics experts have worked collaboratively with our clients to advance protein optimization and production, enabling breakthrough developments in pharmaceuticals and fine chemicals, biotherapeutics , food & beverage , agriculture and a wide range of other industries.
Guided by proprietary software and bioinformatic systems, leverages existing knowledge and expertise to improve protein stability, activity, specificity and other properties to enhance clinical function or process performance.
Our proprietary CodeEvolver ® technology platform enables the rapid development and production of highly optimized proteins, custom-designed for your application. Codexis’ revolutionary approach to protein engineering starts with an understanding of the desired performance specifications and optimizes a protein specifically to fit these requirements. You get precisely the protein you need for the job you want it to do.
Selected by National Association for Business Resources as one of the San Francisco Bay Area’s Best and Brightest Companies to Work For® second year in a row
Tate & Lyle commercializes TASTEVA® Stevia Sweetener, thanks to novel bioconversion route enabled by Codexis-engineered enzymes
Launches global partnership with Porton Pharma Solutions to accelerate adoption of biocatalysis in small molecule pharmaceutical manufacture
Signs multi-year development agreement with Tate & Lyle to develop customized enzymes for food ingredients
Wins the first of three Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Awards
Begins collaborations with Sandoz and Cargill, the first of many top-tier partnerships
The scientists, bioinformatics experts, and other professionals who make up the team share one goal: unlocking and advancing technologies for protein optimization and production to create better medicines, greener production processes and higher quality food ingredients. If that sounds like something you can get behind, consider a career at Codexis.accomplished so far
Since we were founded in 2002, our focus has been on improving and expanding the science and technology of protein engineering. Along the way, because of our pioneering work, we’ve been honored to receive awards and recognition from leading private, governmental and industry organizations. Here are a few of our key accomplishments.
Named as one of the nation’s Best & Brightest Companies to Work For®
Named as one of the nation’s Best & Brightest Companies to Work For®
Selected as finalist for 2015 CPhPharma Award for Best Innovation in Process Development
Codexis’ Gjalt Huisman recognized with prestigious 2014 Biocat award for achievements in the biocatalysis industry
Selected as finalist for 2014 CPhPharma Award for Best Innovation in Process Development
website awarded 2011 Communicator Silver Award of Distinction for Green Content
Named in Inc. 5000 Top Fastest Growing Private Companies in the US
Named in Silicon Valley Business Journal, Fastest Growing Private Companies
Named in Red Herring 100 North America 100 Most Promising Private Companies Driving the Future of Technology
Since 2002, has created new technologies to unlock the power of proteins®. Put our unmatched protein engineering expertise to work for you.
Unlock the power of proteins® with Company