Each day, the 38,000 employees of share a commitment to bringing you safe, effective products, as well as programs to enrich communities around the world.
Every day, millions of people like you trust our products to care for themselves and the ones they love.
People are at the heart of all we do. Understanding their needs, sharing talents and enhancing communities where people live and work. Our three fundamental values – Caring, Global Teamwork and Continuous Improvement – are part of everything we do.
Careers at People are our greatest asset, and we’re committed to maintaining an environment that celebrates their differences, values and contributions.
About Go beyond the brands and discover the people and passions that drive our success
It's my pleasure to welcome you to the world of Colgate-Palmolive. The small soap and candle business that William Colgate began in New York City early in the 19th century is now, more than 200 years later, a truly global serving hundreds of millions of consumers worldwide.
Our 200-year history reflects the strength and innovation that our people have used to constantly transform our and identify new opportunities. With global brands sold in over 200 countries and territories, Colgate, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Palmolive, Ajax, Softsoap and Hill’s pet Nutrition are among the world’s most recognizable household names, trusted and relied upon by consumers everywhere.
Colgate people, working around the world, share a commitment to our three core corporate values: Caring, Global Teamwork and Continuous Improvement. These values are reflected not only in the quality of our products and the reputation of our Company, but also in our dedication to serving the communities where we do business. As a leading consumer products company, we are also deeply committed to advancing technology that can address changing consumer needs throughout the world. In fact, our goal is to use our technology to create products that will continue to improve the quality of life for our consumers where they live.
As a successful business, we are focused on achieving the consistent growth required to continue our global success and to make us an even stronger company. We believe this is the best way to benefit our consumers, our people and our shareholders. We are pleased that you have expressed interest in Colgate-Palmolive, and we invite you to learn more about our by exploring our website.
The Board of Directors believes that good corporate governance accompanies and facilitates long-term success.
At Colgate-Palmolive, governance is an ongoing commitment shared by our Board of Directors, our management and all people.
The small soap and candle business that William Colgate began in New York City early in the 19th century is now, more than 200 years later, a truly global serving hundreds of millions of consumers worldwide. 
Our three fundamental values – Caring, Global Teamwork and Continuous Improvement – are part of everything we do.
The cares about people: people, customers, shareholders and business partners. is committed to act with compassion, integrity, honesty and high ethics in all situations, to listen with respect to others and to value differences. The is also committed to protect the global environment, to enhance the communities where people live and work, and to be compliant with government laws and regulations.
All Colgate people are part of a global team, committed to working together across countries and throughout the world. Only by sharing ideas, technologies and talents can the achieve and sustain profitable growth.
is committed to getting better every day in all it does, as individuals and as teams. By better understanding consumers’ and customers’ expectations and continuously working to innovate and improve products, services, and processes, will become the best.
The cares about people: people, customers, shareholders and business partners. is committed to act with compassion, integrity, honesty and high ethics in all situations, to listen with respect to others and to value differences. The is also committed to protect the global environment, to enhance the communities where people live and work, and to be compliant with government laws and regulations.
All Colgate people are part of a global team, committed to working together across countries and throughout the world. Only by sharing ideas, technologies and talents can the achieve and sustain profitable growth.
is committed to getting better every day in all it does, as individuals and as teams. By better understanding consumers’ and customers’ expectations and continuously working to innovate and improve products, services, and processes, will become the best.
 and turning them into actionable policies that keeps us, and our global team of innovators, accountable.
Learn how is committed to doing business with integrity and respect for all people and for the world around us.
See how Colgate-Palmolive’s support of community programs is helping to make the world a better place.
Our Science-Driven Approach
We firmly believe in innovation and the continual improvement of our product line – it’s at the heart of our core values.
continues to be recognized for efforts in sustainability, social responsibility, diversity, innovation and workplace balance.
continues to be recognized for efforts in sustainability, social responsibility, diversity, innovation and workplace balance.
6 Biggested Companies in the Best for Women
Energy Star Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award
America's Top 50 Organizations for Multicultural Business Opportunities
World's Most Ethical Companies (recognized for the 8th time)
America's Top 50 Corporations for Inclusive Majority Business Opportunities
50 Out Front: Best in Class Companies
2017 Corporate Buyers of the Year Honorees
Industry Mover, Silver Class Sustainability Award
Honored for Sustainability and Environmental Leadership
World's Most Innovative Growth Companies
- Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence
The World's Most Innovative Companies
Energy Star Partner of the Year Sustained Excellence Award
Colgate's #1 on Forbes Best Companies for Work / Life Balance
Energy Star Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence
Hispanic Dental Association's 2015 Corporate Legacy Award
Global Top 25 Supply Chain Companies
Gartner Global Supply Chain Top 25 Companies
Top 50 Largest Consumer Goods/Companies of the Globe
The Top 50 Household and Personal Products Companies
Colgate Named #1 Most Trusted Brand in India
- Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence
America's 25 Most Reputable Companies
Top 50 Companies for Latinas to Work for
2012 National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH)
Top 2012 Employers Best for Asian Pacific Americans
The Gartner Top 25 Global Supply Chain
The small soap and candle business that William Colgate began in New York City early in the 19th century is now, more than 200 years later, a truly global serving hundreds of millions of consumers worldwide. Throughout this history, Colgate people and Colgate values have been at the heart of our success.
The small soap and candle business that William Colgate began in New York City early in the 19th century is now, more than 200 years later, a truly global serving hundreds of millions of consumers worldwide. Throughout this history, Colgate people and Colgate values have been at the heart of our success.
William Colgate starts a starch, soap and candle business on Dutch Street in New York City.
Upon the death of founder William Colgate, the is reorganized as Colgate & under the management of Samuel Colgate, his son.
Johnson opens a soap factory in Milwaukee, WI, which later becomes the Palmolive Company.
Peet brothers establish soap in Kansas City, Kansas where they make Crystal White soap Cashmere Bouquet, the first milled perfumed toilet soap, is registered as a Colgate trademark.
Johnson Soap Co. introduces Palmolive Soap. Today, the Palmolive equity is sold in over 88 countries in 54 variants
Colgate wins top honors for its fine soaps and perfumes at the World’s Fair in Paris.
Colgate & celebrates its 100th anniversary. Product line includes over 800 different products.
Colgate is incorporated by the five sons of Samuel Colgate. Ribbon opening added to Colgate tube: “We couldn't improve the product so we improved the tube.”
Colgate distributes two million tubes of toothpaste and toothbrushes to schools, and provides hygienists to demonstrate tooth brushing.
Soap manufacturers Palmolive and Peet merge to become Palmolive-Peet Company.
On March 13, Colgate is first listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
Dr. Mark Morris develops a pet food to help save a guide dog named Buddy from kidney disease. This breakthrough leads to the first Hill's Prescription Diet product.
Ajax cleanser is launched, establishing a powerful now-global brand equity for cleaning products.
Colgate opens corporate headquarters at 300 Park Avenue in New York City.
Palmolive dishwashing liquid is introduced and today it is sold in over 35 countries.
Colgate toothpaste adds Fluoride, clinically proven to reduce cavities.
Irish Spring launches in Germany as Irische Frühling and in Europe as Nordic Spring. In 1972, Irish Spring is introduced in North America.
acquires Hill's Pet Nutrition. Today Hill's is the global leader in pet nutrition and veterinary recommendations.
Colgate Plus toothbrush is introduced. Today over 1.6 billion Colgate toothbrushes are sold annually worldwide. If you lined them up end to end, they would circle the globe 16 times.
Caprice hair care launches in Mexico. Today, hair care products are sold in over 70 countries, with variants to suit every type of hair need.
Protex bar soap is introduced, and today offers all-family antibacterial protection in over 56 countries.
The Chairman's You Can Make Difference Program is launched, recognizing innovation and executional excellence by Colgate people.
Colgate acquires Softsoap liquid soap business from the Minnetonka Corporation. Today, Colgate is the global leader in liquid hand soap.
Colgate acquires Murphy Oil Soap, the leading wood cleaner in the Today, its product portfolio has expanded to include all-purpose cleaners, sprays and wipes.
Colgate acquires the Mennen Company. Today, Mennen products are sold in over 52 countries. Colgate Total toothpaste introduced.
Bright Smiles, Bright Futures oral health education program expands to 50 countries, and today reaches over 50 million children annually.
Colgate Total toothpaste is introduced in the and quickly becomes the market leader. Only Colgate Total, with its 12-hour protection, fights a complete range of oral health problems.
Colgate acquires the oral care business in Europe, with its strength in the important European pharmacy channel and its ties with the dental community.
Colgate enters the fast-growing Naturals segment by purchasing Tom’s of Maine, a leader in that market in the United States.
Colgate refurbishes the historic “Colgate Clock,” a landmark in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Colgate® Bright Smiles, Bright Futures™ celebrates 25 years of creating bright smiles. Since 1991, the program has reached more than 850 million children in 80 countries, with a goal of reaching 1.3 billion by 2020.
Today, Colgate focuses on four core businesses Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate now sells its products in over 200 countries and territories worldwide.Toggle Navigation
Message About Commitment to Good Corporate Governance from Ian Cook
Governance is an ongoing commitment shared by our Board of Directors, our management and all Colgate people. Colgate’s Board of Directors believes that good corporate governance accompanies and greatly aids our long-term business success. This success has been the direct result of Colgate's key business strategies, including its focus on core product categories and global brands, people development programs emphasizing “pay for performance” and the highest business standards. Colgate’s Board has been at the center of these key strategies, helping to design and implement them, and seeing that they guide the Company’s operations.
The Board believes that the has consistently been at the forefront of good corporate governance. Reflecting its commitment to continuous improvement, the Board reviews its governance practices on an ongoing basis to ensure that they promote shareholder value. We invite you to learn more about our corporate governance policies and practices and our Board of Directors by exploring this website.
Governance Commitment in Action
Taking our sustainability goals and turning them into actionable policies that keeps us, and our global team of innovators, accountable.
As part of our initiative to make a leader in sustainability and innovation, we’ve designed a set of policies that ensures we stick to our promise. From the people we serve, to the performance of our products, and the impact we have on our environment, we are dedicated to doing the right thing, while making the lives of our consumers healthier.
 CompanyContinuously improve employee health and reduce health risks by 15%(1)
Encourage healthier living for Colgate People and their families
Ensure a safe and healthy work environment with a goal of zero lost-time incidents
Invest in the improvement of health, education and environment for thousands of people in communities around the globe
Reach 60 million people annually with handwashing education
Expand “Colgate Cares Day” globally to be a leader in volunteerism
Improve the sustainability profile in our new products and product updates
Promote use of renewable energy and reduce absolutely greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing by 25% compared to 2002
Reduce our manufacturing energy intensity by one third compared to 2002
Have our manufacturing waste sent to landfill per ton of product compared to 2010, working toward our goal of “Zero Waste”
Partner with key suppliers, customers and consumers to reduce energy, greenhouse gas emissions and waste
Partner with local and global organizations to bring clean water to underserved areas of the world
Increase supplier participation in our water stewardship program
Reduce our manufacturing water intensity by half compared to 2002
Continuously improve employee health and reduce health risks by 15%(1)
Encourage healthier living for Colgate People and their families
Ensure a safe and healthy work environment with a goal of zero lost-time incidents
Invest in the improvement of health, education and environment for thousands of people in communities around the globe
Reach 60 million people annually with handwashing education
Expand “Colgate Cares Day” globally to be a leader in volunteerism
We're committed to grow the business with innovative, more sustainable products that make the lives of consumers healthier and more enjoyable.
Improve the sustainability profile in our new products and product updates
Commit $250 million to drive sustainability with breakthrough product and process innovation
Increase the recyclability of our packaging and increase recycled content to 50%
Have a positive impact by expanding access to affordable health and wellness products for millions of people in underserved communities
Use the power of our brands to build awareness and drive engagement in product sustainability
cleaner, healthy environment is important to Colgate not only because it's the right thing to do, but also because it makes good business sense.
Reduce our manufacturing water intensity by half compared to 2002
Increase supplier participation in our water stewardship program
Partner with local and global organizations to bring clean water to underserved areas of the world
Promote use of renewable energy and reduce absolutely greenhouse gas emissions from manufacturing by 25% compared to 2002
Reduce our manufacturing energy intensity by one third compared to 2002
Half our manufacturing waste sent to landfill per ton of product compared to 2010, working toward our goal of “Zero Waste”
Partner with key suppliers, customers and consumers to reduce energy, greenhouse gas emissions and waste
As a that strives to be the best truly global consumer products company, we are committed to doing business with integrity and respect for all people and for the world around us. Our long-term sustainability strategy is focused on three areas: People, Performance, and Planet.
welcome letter from Chairman, President and CEO, Ian Cook
As we head into 2018, Colgate will continue to care for the well-being of people and their families, be a steward for the planet and its resources and do business with the highest level of integrity.
Colgate People all around the world take pride in our and the business, social and environmental performance we deliver each year. They care about the future of our Company, the communities we serve, and the planet we share.
At the heart of our efforts are our commitments to our shared global values, ethical behavior, and ambitious sustainability goals that touch most everything we do. Our focus remains on five global sustainability commitments:
Helping Colgate People and Their Families Live Better
Contributing to the Communities Where We Live and Work
Delighting Consumers and Sustaining Our World With Our Brands
Reducing Our Impact on Climate and the Environment
This report details our current progress and our commitments to future progress. am especially pleased to highlight developments in these three critical areas:
Water Conservation Colgate is uniquely positioned to lead in water conservation: Water is intrinsic to our products and how they are used. Conserving water reflects our value of Caring for people and the planet, as our brands, found in more households than any other in the world, are trusted by billions of people. So we have both an extraordinary opportunity – and a clear duty – to help preserve this vital resource. Momentum is building around our #EveryDropCounts campaign, and this year we will reach people in 70+ countries with engaging messages to turn off the tap when brushing.
Palm Oil We recognize our responsibility to work with industry groups, suppliers, governments and others to ensure we source palm oil and its derivatives in ways that do not damage the environment or exploit workers. Our goal is to reach 100 percent sustainable palm oil which we expect to achieve in 2018. This year we also expect to disclose 100 percent of the mills that supply us directly from our four largest palm oil suppliers, which together account for more than 80 percent of our purchases. Looking ahead, we will extend this program to additional suppliers as we work toward our goal of full disclosure and traceability.
Plastic Packaging Plastics can contribute to environmental concerns, including pollution of the world’s oceans. We are committed to reducing our use of plastic in our packaging, using more recycled plastic, and increasing the recyclability of our plastic packaging. We have made significant progress, including reducing our use of plastics – 98 percent of our packaging is free of this hard-to-recycle plastic. Now we have raised the bar with a new commitment: 100 percent recyclability of the plastic we use in our packaging across all categories by 2025.
am grateful to all the Colgate People who contribute to our sustainability success year after year, as well as to the suppliers and other partners we work with to achieve our goals. Our progress is being recognized; including placement on the Water List and Climate List, making the highest ranked based in our industry.
Together, we are Building a Future to Smile About
Science is at the core of Colgate-Palmolive’s commitment to making safe and effective products that improve the health and well-being of people around the world.
is committed to making products that guarantee human health, and have minimal impact on the world around us. Learn more about how we strive to make products that safeguard both people and the environment.
We are always working to improve and innovate in order to deliver products that enhance the lives of those who use them. Learn more about how our research leads to new ideas and discoveries that are incorporated into our products every day.
Our scientists combine years of education and experience to help bring safe, effective products to store shelves. Learn more about our experts and how their work ensures that you and your family can trust products.
Colgate named one of the
Colgate listed as one of the 
Water conservation starts at home.
We use water every day when we brush our teeth, bathe or shower, wash our hands and wash dishes. Together let’s make every drop of water count. By making small changes, we can have a big impact!
Brush for 2 minutes twice a day, but turn off the faucet
The American Dental Association recommends brushing your teeth for two minutes twice a day. Turning off the faucet while brushing your teeth can save up to 3,000 gallons of water per year – that’s the equivalent of 50,000 glasses of water!
Reducing your shower by 2 minutes saves both water and energy. In one year, you can save up to 1,800 gallons of water and enough energy to power a 13-watt compact fluorescent light bulb for approximately 2 years.
Turn off the faucet while washing the dishes
Turning off the faucet when washing the dishes by hand for two minutes saves both water and energy. In one year, you can save up to 1,600 gallons of water and enough energy to charge a cell phone for almost 3 years.
Turn off the faucet when washing hands
Turning off the faucet for 10 seconds while washing your hands can save both water and energy. In one year, you can save up to 400 gallons of water and enough energy to power a 13-watt compact fluorescent light bulb for over 2 months.
 to learn more about what you can do to save water visit the Water Sense site
 to learn more about what you can do to save energy visit the site. is proud to be an Partner.
Colgate-Palmolive’s support of community programs helps make the world a healthier, happier place to live.
Reaching more than half a billion children around the world with oral health education, we are bringing education and smiles to children in need. Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® reaches children around the world with free dental screenings and oral health education.
Colgate has been celebrating Oral Health Month since 2012, always focusing on creating awareness of proper oral health habits to promote healthy smiles among communities nationwide.
Palmolive Clean Hands, Good Health
“Clean Hands, Good Health” program launched in the South Pacific region to promote handwashing in partnership with Bright Smiles, Bright Futures. “Clean Hands, Good Health” works to encourage children to wash their hands by providing handwashing educational resources.
Protex Handwashing Day
is working with public health officials, local schools and clinics to educate millions of children and their families about the health benefits of handwashing with soap.
The Colgate Women’s Games is the nation’s largest amateur track series for girls and young women. For 40 years, this organized track program has helped girls and young women develop self-esteem, value teamwork and discover the importance of education.
is delighted to partner with the Foundation in support of Give Kids Smile. Since 2003, Give Kids Smile volunteers have provided free education along with preventive and restorative care to more than 5.5 million  underserved children who may not have access to dental care.
Start with Smile - Black History Month promotion with Children’s Health Fund
The Start with a Smile campaign encouraged users to tweet or Instagram a photo of a happy, healthy child in their life hashtagged: #StartWithASmile. donated $1 to Children's Health Fund for each smiling photo. The promotion was tied to Black History Month in extensive social media outreach.
Our promise to stand up for 
Our executives and boards
Go beyond the brands and discover the people that drive our success.
Mr. Cook joined in the United Kingdom in 1976 and progressed through a series of senior management roles around the world.
He became Chief Operating Officer in 2004, with responsibility for operations in North America, Europe, Central Europe, Asia and Africa. In 2005, Mr. Cook was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for all operations worldwide, and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in 2007. Elected director in 2007 and Chairman in 2009.
Mr. Wallace became President and Chief Operating Officer in July 2018 responsible for all the Company’s operating units.
He joined in 1987 and progressed through a number of global positions in marketing and general management. In 2002, he was appointed to Vice President and General Manager of the Global Toothbrush Division. Following that assignment he led the Colgate business in Mexico and in 2010, became President, Colgate North America, including responsibility for Colgate’s Global Sustainability strategy. In 2013, he became President, Colgate Latin America and was most recently Chief Operating Officer, Global Innovation & Growth and Hill’s Pet Nutrition since 2016.
Mr. Hickey joined in 1977 and has held a variety of key financial positions for the Company, most recently serving as Chief Financial Officer from 2011 until 2018. 
He was Colgate-Palmolive's longstanding Vice President and Corporate Controller from 1998 through 2011 and held key financial positions for the Company’s European and North American business units, the Corporate Audit unit and a variety of business strategy leadership assignments.
Executive Vice President, Chief Growth & Strategy Officer
Mr. Skala became Executive Vice President, Chief Growth & Strategy Officer in July 2018 leading all the Company’s commercial growth functions, including Global Marketing, Customer Development, Technology and Supply Chain, as well as the Company’s Sustainability efforts and its professional skin care businesses.
He joined in 1982 and held numerous positions of increasing responsibility in marketing, sales and general management with both the Colgate and Hill’s organizations. In 2007 he became President, Colgate Asia, in 2010 President, Colgate Latin America and in 2013 was appointed President, North America and Global Sustainability. Most recently, he was Chief Operating Officer, North America, Europe, Africa/Eurasia and Global Sustainability since 2016.
Mr. Jakobsen became in May 2018 having most recently been Colgate-Palmolive's Vice President and Corporate Controller since 2017. 
He joined the in 1989, and has held key financial positions for the Company's European and North American business units, as well as General Manager assignments in Africa and Europe.   In 2006 he became Chief Financial Officer of Chr. Hansen, a Denmark-based multinational bioscience organization, before rejoining Colgate in 2011. 
Ms. Daniels joined in 2014 from Corporation, where she was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.
Prior to joining in 2010, she was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary for Barnes & Noble, Inc. Previously, Ms. Daniels spent nearly seventeen years at She is a graduate of the University of Pennsylvania and Harvard Law School.
Our executives and boards
In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors in its oversight regarding: (1) the integrity of the financial statements of the Company, (2) the independent accountants’ qualifications and independence, (3) the performance of the Company’s internal audit function and independent accountants, (4) the enterprise risk management process and (5) the compliance by the with legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee also prepares the Audit Committee Report required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission to be included in the Company’s annual proxy statement.
In accordance with its charter, the Finance Committee assists the Board of Directors in its oversight of the financial plans, policies, practices and performance of the Company.
In accordance with its charter, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee recommends to the Board of Directors qualified individuals to become Board members consistent with criteria approved by the Board and develops, recommends to the Board, implements and monitors the Company’s corporate governance guidelines. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee also oversees the Board evaluation processes and makes recommendations to the Board regarding director compensation and benefits.
Personnel and Organization Committee
In accordance with its charter, the Personnel and Organization Committee (the “P&Committee”) oversees the personnel, compensation and organizational matters of the Company. The P&Committee also discharges the Board’s responsibilities with respect to compensation of the Company’s executives and prepares an annual report on executive compensation for inclusion in the Company’s annual proxy statement. In February 2009, the P&Committee adopted a written policy regarding its selection and use of outside compensation consultants.
Download Personnel and Organization Committee Charter
 CompanyChairman and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Cook joined in the United Kingdom in 1976 and progressed through a series of senior management roles around the world.
He became Chief Operating Officer in 2004, with responsibility for operations in North America, Europe, Central Europe, Asia and Africa. In 2005, Mr. Cook was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer, responsible for all operations worldwide, and was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in 2007. Elected director in 2007 and Chairman in 2009.
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Global Business Operations of Bristol-Myers Squibb Mr. Bancroft joined Bristol-Myers Squibb in 1984 and held a series of positions of increasing responsibility within Bristol-Myers Squibb’s finance organization, including international assignments, as well as senior leadership positions in the global pharmaceutical business.
Former President and Chief Executive Officer of The Hershey Company, 2011-2017
Mr. Bilbrey also served as Non-Executive Chairman of Hershey from March 2017 to May 2018 and as Chairman of Hershey from 2015 until his retirement in March 2017.
Mr. Bilbrey joined the management team of Hershey as Senior Vice President, President Hershey International in 2003, serving as Senior Vice President, President Hershey North America from 2007 to 2010 and as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2011. He previously spent 22 years at The Procter & Gamble Company. Independent Director - Elected director in 2015.
Vice Chairman of The Kraft Heinz Mr. Cahill has been Vice Chairman of The Kraft Heinz since 2015. He previously served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kraft Foods Group from 2014 to 2015 and Chairman from 2012 to 2014.
Prior to joining Kraft Foods, Mr. Cahill was an industrial partner at Ripplewood Holdings from 2008 to 2011. Mr. Cahill was of The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. from 2001 to 2003, Chairman and from 2003 to 2006, and Executive Chairman from 2006 to 2007. Independent Director – Elected director in 2005.
President and Chief Executive Officer of The Chicago Community Trust
Prior to joining The Chicago Community Trust in October 2017, Dr. Gayle was Chief Executive Officer of McKinsey Social Initiative from 2015 to 2017 and President and Chief Executive Officer of from 2006 to 2015. Prior to that, Dr. Gayle was an executive in the Global Health program at the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation from 2001 to 2006.
She previously held multiple key positions at the Centers for Disease Control. Independent Director - Elected director in 2010.
Former President of Jazz Technologies, Inc. (formerly Acquicor Technology), 2005-2007
Mrs. Hancock previously was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Exodus Communications, Inc., Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at National Semiconductor and Senior Vice President at IBM.
Independent Director - Elected director in 1988.
Associate Vice President of the Health Enterprise and Chief Business Officer of the Dell Medical School at the University of Texas at Austin
Dr. Harris has been Associate Vice President of the Health Enterprise and Chief Business Officer of the Dell Medical School at The University of Texas at Austin since December 2016.
Previously, he was and Chairman of the Information Technology Division of The Cleveland Clinic Foundation and a Staff Physician for The Cleveland Clinic Hospital and The Cleveland Clinic Foundation Department of General Internal Medicine from 1996 to 2016. Independent Director - Elected director in 2016.
Prior to joining Lead Edge in 2013, Ms. Norrington held several senior management roles at eBay from 2005 to 2010, including President of Global eBay Marketplaces, Chief Operating Officer of eBay Marketplaces, President of eBay International and of Shopping.com.
Previously, she held senior roles at Intuit, Inc. and General Electric Company. Independent Director - Elected director in 2015.
Mr. Polk was also President and Chief Executive Officer of Newell Rubbermaid Inc. from 2011 to 2016. Prior to joining Newell Rubbermaid in 2011, Mr. Polk held a series of key positions at Unilever from 2003 to 2011, including President, Global Foods, Home and Personal Care.
He previously spent 16 years at Kraft Foods. Independent Director - Elected director in 2014.
Lead Director, Founding Partner, Levin Management Partners LLC
Prior to joining Levin Management Partners LLC, a private equity firm, in 2015, Mr. Sadove was Chief Executive Officer of Saks Incorporated from 2006 to 2013 and Chairman of Saks Incorporated from 2007 to 2013.
Mr. Sadove joined the management team of Saks as Vice Chairman in 2002, serving as Chief Operating Officer from 2004 to 2006. He previously held a series of key positions at Bristol-Meyers Squibb. Independent Director – Elected director in 2007.