Join the Membership Benefits
Preferred Partner Program
Random Acts of Products & Services
Lost or Stolen Card
Home Improvement Loans
Let’s Get Digital
You Are Now Leaving Powered Federal Credit Union
a third party that is not a part of Powered. Any products and services accessed through this site are brought to you through an agreement between Powered and 
 is responsible for the content, and they are not guaranteed by Powered. Privacy and Security policies may differ between Powered and 
Join the New Members
Money Market
Welcome  To Your 
Use Apple Pay with your Apple mobile device to pay in stores without swiping your Credit or Debit card.
Make secure electronic deposits into your accounts from your mobile device.  
Google Pay makes paying safer and easier for everyone, everywhere on your Android devices.
The Banking Alternative in New Castle County
Join the New Members
Money Market
email You Are Now Leaving Powered Federal Credit Union
You are leaving Powered website, and entering the website of ,  a third party that is not a part of Powered. Any products and services accessed through this site are brought to you through an agreement between Powered and . is responsible for the content, and they are not guaranteed by Powered. Privacy and Security policies may differ between Powered and .
Preferred Partner Program
Now, organizations and businesses in New Castle County have the opportunity to join a distinguished group of local businesses in our Preferred Partner Program:
Engage Powered’s 10,000 Strong Membership
Local companies or businesspeople are invited to apply for the Preferred Partner Program as primary choices of business partners in New Castle County. This carefully selected group is promoted to credit union members.
In addition, employees and customers of the business partners have an opportunity to experience the benefits of credit union membership, including our outstanding financial products and services. Only one business in each sector will be featured as preferred partners.
For more information about our Preferred Partner Program and how to become a Preferred Partner, please contact Member Services at 302-368-2396, or by email at: mserve@cpwrfcu.org .
Click for more about our Preferred Partners
email mserve@cpwrfcu.org for assistance and to report the issue.You Are Now Leaving Powered Federal Credit Union
You are leaving Powered website, and entering the website of ,  a third party that is not a part of Powered. Any products and services accessed through this site are brought to you through an agreement between Powered and . is responsible for the content, and they are not guaranteed by Powered. Privacy and Security policies may differ between Powered and .
Here is the list of our Preferred Partners:
Real Estate - Will Webber of Keller Williams Realty
As an Associate Owner/ Associate Broker of Keller Williams Realty, Will has 30 years of experience in Real Estate. Working with Will, you’ll find an exceptional level of service you won’t find anywhere else. He helps clients save money and time when buying or selling a home and leads clients through a pleasant, easy, and memorable experience.
Proudly serving New Castle County, including:
Hockessin
Saving for retirement, or for any life goal along the way?  trusted financial advisor can help.
The advisors of Royal Alliance will work with you every step of the way, to develop and implement a custom financial plan.
If you are a Credit Union Member, consultations are available free of charge at any branch.
email mserve@cpwrfcu.org for assistance and to report the issue.