was founded in 2006 and in March 2013 was acquired by BGI-Shenzhen, the world’s largest services company. is headquartered in Shenzhen, China and provides sequencing and bioinformatics services and systems for research, medical, agricultural, and environmental applications.
In June 2018, become part of MGI, which is the instruments manufacturing business of As part of MGI, now serves as a research and development center of excellence. continues to focus on improving its technology and helping to build next-generation sequencing systems and applications for the research, clinical, and consumer markets.
The team at also functions in close coordination with other sister companies in North America. Americas is the commercial arm of in the Americas Region focused on instruments. Americas provides sequencing services in the Americas Region.
For more information on the global business, please visit http://en.mgitech.cn/ . For more information on Americas, please visit https://mgiamericas.com/ . For information on Americas, please visit https://www.bgi.com/us/ . For more information on BGI, please visit https://www.bgi.com/global/ .Dr. Mark Chee
Mark Chee, Ph.D., is an internationally recognized expert in genomics. He serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer of Prognosys Biosciences, Inc. Previously, he co-founded Illumina, Inc., and was Director of Genetics Research at Affymetrix, Inc. He has published scientific papers on microarray technology and applications and is an inventor on over 70 issued patents. Dr. Chee received his B.Sc. in Biochemistry from the University of New South Wales and his Ph.in Molecular Biology from the University of Cambridge.
Dr. George Church
George Church, Ph.D., is Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School and Director of the Center for Computational Genetics. With degrees from Duke University in Chemistry and Zoology, he co-authored research on 3D-software & structure with Sung-Hou Kim. His 1984 Ph.from Harvard in Biochemistry & Molecular Biology with Wally Gilbert included the first direct genomic sequencing method. He co-initiated the Human Genome Project a few months later as a Research Scientist at newly formed Biogen Inc. and was a Monsanto Life Sciences Research Fellow at He invented the broadly applied concepts of molecular multiplexing and tags, homologous recombination methods and array synthesizers. Technology transfer of automated sequencing and software to Genome Therapeutics Corp. resulted in the first commercial genome sequence (the human pathogen, pylori, 1994). He has served in advisory roles for 12 journals, five granting agencies and 22 biotechnology companies. His current research focuses on integrating biosystems-modeling with personal and synthetic biology.
Dr. David Dimmock
Dr. David Dimmock is an Associate Professor, Department of Pediatrics, Division of Genetics, at the Medical College of Wisconsin and a member of the Children¹s Specialty Group and the Whole Genome Sequencing Review Group at Children¹s Hospital of Wisconsin. He is board-certified in clinical genetics, clinical biochemical genetics and pediatrics. native of the United Kingdom, Dr. Dimmock trained at St. George's Hospital Medical School in London, and at Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas. He has lectured extensively on the clinical applications of whole genome sequencing and is the author of numerous journal publications on the topic.
Dr. Leroy Hood
Dr. Leroy Hood is a pioneer in the systems approach to biology and medicine. His research has focused on the study of molecular immunology, biotechnology and genomics. Dr. Hood’s professional career began at Caltech, where he and his colleagues developed the gene sequencer and synthesizer and the protein synthesizer and sequencer––four instruments that paved the way for the successful mapping of the human genome. pillar in the biotechnology field, Dr. Hood has played a role in founding more than fourteen biotechnology companies, including Amgen, Applied Biosystems, Darwin, The Accelerator and Integrated Diagnostics. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine. Of the 6,000+ scientists world-wide who belong to one or more of these academies, Dr. Hood is one of only fifteen people accepted to all three. He is also a member of the American Philosophical Society and a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. His work has been widely published, and he has coauthored numerous textbooks in biochemistry, immunology, molecular biology and genetics, as well as a popular book on the human genome project, The Code of Codes. He is the recipient of numerous awards, including the Lasker Award for Studies of Immune Diversity, the Kyoto Prize in advanced technology, the Heinz Award for pioneering work in Systems Biology, and most recently, the coveted 2011 Fritz and Delores Russ Prize for automating sequencing that revolutionized biomedicine and forensic science. In addition to having received 17 honorary degrees from prestigious universities in the and abroad, Dr. Hood has published more than 700 peer reviewed articles and currently holds 36 patents. He received the 2011 National Medal of Science, which was awarded to him during a White House ceremony in February 2013.
Dr. Brynn Levy
Brynn Levy, M.Sc.(Med), Ph.serves as Professor, Department of Pathology and Cell Biology at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University. He also serves as Co-Director of the Division of Personalized Genomic Medicine, and as Director of Clinical Cytogenetics, at Columbia University Medical Center. Dr. Levy’s research is focused reproductive genetics, encompassing the study of mechanisms involved in normal sex differentiation, preimplantation genetic diagnosis, critical gene expression at implantation, factors that contribute to infertility, the etiology of miscarriages, elements that are critical for healthy pregnancies, the improvement of current prenatal diagnostic tests and the development of non-invasive prenatal screening tests.
Dr. Elaine Lyon
Elaine Lyon, PhD, FACMG, is a medical director of Molecular Genetics and co-medical director of Pharmacoat Laboratories, a national clinical and anatomic pathology reference laboratory and a worldwide leader in innovative laboratory research and development. Dr. Lyon is also an associate professor of pathology at the University of Utah School of Medicine. She received her Phin Medical Genetics from the University of Alabama at Birmingham and continued with fellowship training in clinical molecular genetics at the University of Utah. Dr. Lyon combines clinical laboratory responsibilities with research and development in human genetics, employing methods for mutation detection by targeted mutation analysis, gene sequencing, gene scanning, exonic-level deletion, and duplications and molecular haplotyping. Dr. Lyon has focused her interest in determining clinical significance of rare variants and is involved with databases that combine genetic variants with clinical symptoms and evidences for variant classification.