Floor Care
Floor Care Wet
Microfiber
Swivel Snap Dust
Tie-Free Disposable
Floor Sweeper 
Shop Powerrotor Floor Sweeper
Choice Cut-End
ProSafe Sprayer 
Plastic Hand-Held
Shop Hand-Held Dust Pan
Floor Care – Dry
properly maintained floor is the best way to avoid slip and fall injuries. We have the most comprehensive Floor Care – Dry products offered in the industry, with all the tools you need to keep your floor looking good and your customers impressed.
Floor Care – Wet
properly maintained floor is the best way to avoid slip and fall injuries. We have the most comprehensive Floor Care – Wet products offered in the industry, with all the tools you need to keep your floor looking good and your customers impressed.
Our line of food storage products provides convenient and long-lasting solutions for managing large quantities of ingredients. Keep your food prep and dining areas clean and organized with these high-quality, effective tools.
For decades we have been a dependable source for all things cleaning Our lineup provides all the tools needed to ensure a clean and sanitary facility.
Almost everything in your facility is moving constantly. We make moving things easy, without hurting your back, or your bottom line.
Microfiber
For decades we have been a dependable source for all things cleaning. Our lineup provides all the tools needed to ensure a clean and sanitary facility at an amazing value.
Recycle containers made with post-consumer resin. These durable products stand the test of time.
For decades we have been a dependable source for all things cleaning Our lineup provides all the tools needed to ensure a clean and sanitary facility.
complete line of indoor and outdoor trash receptacles, including recycle containers made with post-consumer resin. These durable products stand the test of time.
Commercial Products
Commercial Products is a leading global supplier and manufacture of plastic and textile goods. We provide solutions to the industrial, healthcare, institutional, commercial, education, and government markets
11840 Westline Industrial Dr
