Wireless joins Avanci’s Internet of Things licensing platform
Wireless Joins ETSI
Announces Semiconductor Memory Patent License Agreement With Toshiba
Wireless Joins Via Licensing’s Patent Pool
Via’s offering now includes key patents originally filed by Nokia
Announces Semiconductor Patent License Agreement With hynix
Wireless Files Patent Infringement and Case against Huawei and ZTE
Boris Teksler quoted in Magazine
Blog – Picks up Patents from Top Korean Vendor
 we do it that makes the difference.
Let's start that conversation >
Boris Teksler reviews the state of mobile licensing
Announces Semiconductor Memory Patent License Agreement With Toshiba
Announces Semiconductor Patent License Agreement With hynix
Wireless Files Patent Infringement and Case against Huawei and ZTE
Patent Acquisitions and Sales
Patent Partnerships
“Inc.” is the new name of Technologies Incorporated.About
We are a company of patent licensing professionals and innovators offering services. As the marketplace becomes increasingly complex, our partners turn to to help them realize the full potential of their portfolios as competitive tools and sources of income.
Our people have deep expertise in technology creation and innovation, patent prosecution, patent mining, global licensing and patent litigation management. With these skills comes responsibility, and we pride ourselves on our commitment to transparency, due diligence and respectful negotiation.
We believe that strong, reasonable and ethical enforcement of high-quality patents is healthy for knowledge-based economies. enables innovation—it does not stifle it. And patents exist to encourage, reward and protect the inventions that improve our lives.
On November 1, 2016, United States District Judge Rodney Gilstrap entered final judgment after a jury in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas awarded Conversant’s subsidiary Core Wireless $2.28 million in damages upon finding that Electronics willfully infringed two Core Wireless patents. In his final judgment Judge Gilstrap awarded […]
Jury Awards Core Wireless a $0.06 Per Unit Royalty in Patent Litigation Against and Finds Willful Infringement
UPDATE: In a November 1, 2016, final judgment Judge Gilstrap granted Core Wireless enhanced damages of $456,000 based on the jury’s finding that willfully infringed the two Core Wireless patents. For more information visit $456,000 LG’MARSHALL, TEXAS; September 16, 2016 – […]
racks up another win against with ruling that its patents are valid and infringed
January 22, 2018
Boris Teksler reviews the state of mobile licensing
Wireless joins Avanci’s Internet of Things licensing platform
EXPANDS,   Now with 18 patent owners, the Avanci licensing platform continues to grow   October 11, 2018, Dallas, Texas – Today, Avanci announced that Wireless Licensing has joined its Internet of Things licensing platform as the 18th patent owner. owns an […]
April 19, 2018
Ottawa, Canada, April 19, 2018 – Wireless Licensing S.à r.l., a subsidiary of Inc., announced today that the High Court of Justice in London has rejected a challenge by defendants Huawei and to the jurisdiction of the English court over Conversant’s claim for infringement of its patents, where […]
Wireless Joins ETSI
         View Membership Certificate Ottawa, Canada, January 9, 2018 – Wireless Licensing S.à r.l., a subsidiary of Inc., announced today that it has joined the European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI). is a European-based, international, independent, not-for-profit organization that produces globally-applicable standards for information and communications technologies. As a […]
Request an expert guest speaker or author from Contact >
Patent licensing: the founding fathers' secret for economic success
By Jon Dudas and David Kline
Our experts offer their insights and perspectives.
Read the latest entry >
Patent Acquisitions and Sales
Patent Partnerships
“Inc.” is the new name of Technologies Incorporated.History
Conversant’s story begins in Ottawa in 1975, when engineers Richard Foss and Robert Harland founded MOSAID, a semiconductor technology company. In the early days, we focused on inventing ways to improve Dynamic Random Access Memory (DRAM) semiconductor chips, the primary form of computer memory. Our engineers also designed and built test equipment for debugging prototype memory chips.
By the mid-1990s, we found that our patented memory inventions were being used in mainstream chips without our consent; as a result, our first patent licensing program was born. Over the years, we successfully licensed virtually the entire commodity industry to our memory patents—proving the value and importance of these inventions.
We’re proud of our history as inventors, and indeed, we continue to invent, patent and license our own technology. In 2007, we expanded our focus and began to acquire patents and enter partnerships and revenue-sharing arrangements with other patent owners. The following year, we introduced HyperLink (HLNAND™), a breakthrough Flash Memory technology.
In 2013, we became Conversant: a new name for an experienced company with expertise, a determination to engage in meaningful negotiation and a commitment to transparency and the principled enforcement of high-quality patents. Today, we are a leading company with world-class licensing teams and an enviable record of success.
Working to shape the future of our industry
We’re committed to developing and encouraging responsible patent licensing principles. It’s important to debate the issues to stop the unfair practices that taint our industry. It’s why we actively participate in policy debates with the legislative and regulatory bodies that govern our industry. We’re concerned because we want patent licensing to continue as it was originally intended—to create value for inventors.
In our view
Respectful two-way dialogue and responsible negotiations will result in a fair and reasonable agreement for both parties. licensor should offer only quality patents to an appropriate licensee, and only after due diligence.
Litigation is not the starting point; it should be an option in the case of unsuccessful negotiations. Irresponsible litigation should result in negative consequences for the actor.
Additional Policy Initiatives
Conversant's Scott Burt authored a feature in The Hill's Congress Blog, about why it's time for patent licensing companies to stand up for reform.
Scott Burt offers Conversant’s views to the Honorable Bob Goodlatte, Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives.
paper discussing the issues related to Patent Assertion Entity business models.
The issues impacting American competitiveness and job creation at the International Trade Commission and beyond.
Senior Vice President and Chief Officer
As a longtime leader in the patent licensing business, Scott spearheads Conversant’s involvement in the conversation about the principles underlying responsible patent licensing.
Supported by our world-class, multidisciplinary patent licensing teams, our leadership is dedicated to setting the bar for reasonable conduct in the industry.
Boris Teksler
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. Nima Ahmadvand
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Technology Officer
Senior Vice President, Chief Officer and General Counsel
Vice President, Semiconductor Licensing
Our experts offer their insights and perspectives.
Read the latest entry >
Our experts’ insights on patent licensing best practices.
Patent Acquisitions and Sales
Patent Partnerships
“Inc.” is the new name of Technologies Incorporated.Discover the true value of partnership
At Conversant, increasing the value of patented is all we do. That’s why global owners – including Nokia, Microsoft, Micron Technology and other well-known semiconductor memory companies – have turned to us to maximize their portfolio values.
Why do companies choose Conversant?  Because of our track record and our people. And because of our principled approach to licensing, and our culture of respect and fairness.
We do more than offer customized, comprehensive licensing programs that take into account the goals and constraints of the owner. We seek to be a true partner to companies relying on us to manage their valuable assets. Our integrity and experience foster a level of trust rarely found in the licensing sector.
We’ve earned our reputation through the way we conduct our patent analysis, prosecution, acquisition, licensing and assertion activities. We excel at uncovering the hidden gems in portfolios and producing clear, detailed documentation showing infringement to potential licensees. And, as our potential licensees will attest, we approach our negotiations with a view to an open and fair discussion.
Our partners benefit from our long years of experience, and depend on our strategic patenting capabilities to realize the full potential of a portfolio. Our first objective is to enter into licensing agreements through respectful negotiations. But when needed, we’re skilled in the strategic and operational aspects of litigation management. Our success record is impeccable as we strive to ensure maximum returns to our stakeholders.
