co-op and internship opportunities
Apply to Biotech's co-op or internship program and gain real world experience in the medical device industry.
visionary leader and partner in discovering, developing, and delivering transformative medical solutions for improving life.
visionary leader and partner in the discovery, development, and delivery of transformative medical solutions for improving life.
Restoring tissue. Improving life.
Inc. is dedicated to providing advanced tissue-repair products for improving patient outcomes globally. Our products are manufactured using proprietary extracellular matrix (ECM) technologies and manufacturing processes. They are derived from porcine small intestinal submucosa (SIS) and other ECM-based biomaterials.
We collaborate with partners and distributors to make our products available under several brand names, including: AxoGuard®, Biodesign®, DynaMatrix®, FISH™, HaloShield™, OASIS®, and tarSys™.
Partners and distributors include Aziyo Biologics, AxoGen Inc., Medical Inc., Katena Products Inc., Keystone Dental Inc., Smith & Nephew Inc., and Morris Innovative.
Product applications range across the body, including those for head, neck, torso, abdomen, arms, hands, legs, and feet.
Our products are used to manage multiple types of wounds, including burns, diabetic ulcers, venous ulcers, and trauma wounds. Surgical applications include hernia repair, fistula repair, otologic repair, and soft-tissue reinforcement.
Applications for technology continually evolve. Together with a global network of scientists and medical practitioners, we identify the medical needs most compatible with technology and develop products to meet those needs.Explore a bit of our history, who we are and where we are headed
Inc., located in the Purdue Research Park in West Lafayette, Indiana, was established in 1995 with a Purdue University biomedical engineering team’s research into the properties of porcine small intestinal submucosa (SIS).
is a naturally occurring biomaterial composed of an extracelluar matrix (ECM). Through global collaboration with clinicians and partners, our research scientists and product engineers are developing other ECM-based biomaterial platforms in addition to SIS.
is affiliated with Medical in Bloomington, Indiana. We strive to be a visionary leader and partner in discovering, developing, and delivering transformative medical solutions for improving life.
Corporate Partners
AxoGen Inc. seeks to provide surgeons with solutions to repair and protect peripheral nerves. The company has created and licensed a unique combination of patented technologies and has a rich pipeline of new products to change the standard of care for patients with peripheral nerve injuries.
Established in 2015, Aziyo Biologics is a privately held, commercially oriented company focused on regenerative medicine in areas such as cardiology, orthopedics, and wound care. Since its founding, Aziyo has expanded through a combination of acquisitions and strategic partnerships, creating a high-growth commercial entity. Their mission is to restore health and mobility through the development of innovative new solutions that expand the possibilities of regenerative medicine.
Since 1963 Medical has worked closely with physicians to develop technologies that eliminate the need for open surgery. Today Medical combines medical devices, biologic materials, and cellular therapies to help the world’s healthcare systems deliver better outcomes more efficiently. Medical has always remained family owned so that they have the freedom to focus on what they care about: patients, their employees, and their communities.
Katena Products, Inc. is the largest independently owned American company dedicated exclusively to ophthalmic surgical instrumentation.
Katena offers it products to more than 7,000 customers in the and, through a global network of distributors, to customers in more than 100 countries around the world.
Keystone Dental was founded in March 2006, and aspires to build a market leading, global brand recognized within the dental community for its integrity, trust and commitment to improving the standard of care for patients and their quality of life. Since then, they have rapidly grown into a diversely skilled, fast-moving team of over 300 professionals worldwide who are committed to providing excellent customer service and producing high-quality products and services
Keystone Dental provides the total solution for a clinician’s dental implant placement needs and is proud to offer digital treatment planning software with guided surgery options, an array of surgical and restorative implant solutions including both submerged and transmucosal selections, and a full line of regeneration products.
Morris Innovative Research, Inc.
Morris Innovative is an emerging medical device company located in Bloomington, Indiana. The company has into its (Femoral Introducer Sheath and Hemostasis) device used for vascular closure. The device is unique in that one sheath acts as both an introduction and closure mechanism, therefore simplifying the vascular closure process. leaves behind temporary structural support while recruiting the body’s natural healing processes so that native arterial wall tissue is recovered as opposed to scar tissue.
Smith & Nephew is a global medical technology business dedicated to helping improve people’s lives.
With a wide portfolio of wound care products targeting chronic and acute wounds, Smith & Nephew is recognized as a global expert across the full spectrum of wound care.
Serving veterinary practitioners across the globe, Vetrix® is the gold standard in biological regenerative veterinary medicine. Vetrix® offers the most scientifically proven biological scaffold on the market.
Veterinarians ranging from university and specialty practices to general hospitals are reaching for Vetrix® to provide the very best care to their patients.