Rethinking Gene Therapy
At Copernicus, we think outside the virus, utilizing our proprietary compacted nanoparticle delivery system to treat diseases without all of the drawbacks of therapies.
Long Term Treatments
We have invested our resources into optimizing gene expression for stability over the long term, so that means less trips to the doctor and more time enjoying life.
More than once
therapies have significant limits when it comes to repeat administration, which some companies seem to brag about. When it’s someone’s life, it should never be a gamble, and our non-immunogenic technology allows repeat dosing.
Diverse Pipeline
Our technology provides a platform that enables us to treat a variety of diseases throughout the body, with current programs in the lungs, eye, and brain.
The Gene Therapy Revolution Has Begun.
The first human genome cost nearly $3 billion; today a whole genome costs only $1,000.
Over a decade since the Human Genome Project, we are now beginning to finally realize the true potential of a greater understanding of human genetics and disease.
With a wealth of new genetic information being generated each day, gene therapy and precision medicine will drive pharmaceuticals in the 21st century and beyond.
At Copernicus, we are committed to driving this revolution forward in order to improve lives across the globe.
The greatest challenge to gene therapy has been delivery, but with our proprietary platform of nucleic acid nanoparticles we are able to achieve efficient gene transfer into several tissue types.
In fact, our nanoparticles are so tightly compacted that they are able to freely diffuse through biofilms to reach their target and, unlike AAV, are non-immunogenic, allowing repeat dosing without decreased efficiency.
In addition to competitive advantages in delivery, we also leverage our molecular biology expertise to optimize plasmid design and transgene expression to meet the needs of each therapeutic application.
strategy that allows for fine-tuning of expression levels along with repeat dosing could be a game-changer to finally beat Parkinson’s Disease.
Therapeutics, Inc. (CTI) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company with a specific focus on utilizing gene therapy to treat diseases with high unmet need.
We are a diverse team of doctors, scientists, and patient advocates committed to using our knowledge and experience to create novel therapies that improve lives.
Founded on technologies developed at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio, we have a strong connection to the growing biotechnology industry in Northeast Ohio.
Rare and Orphan Diseases
We seek to deliver life-saving medicines to those who need it most, especially those Big Pharma has ignored in the past.
Less Invasive Therapies
We are focused on innovating the way we deliver our therapies to reduce the potential risk to patients, and our technology enables us to treat many diseases without the trip to the hospital.
Gene therapy can only get better, and our technology is forward compatible – allowing for payloads as large as 23kb that have yet to be discovered. Unlike AAV, our non-immunogenic particles also allow for repeat administration if a newer, better gene product comes out.
Expandable Platform
From to and everything in between, our technology is able to reproducibly enter cells in a safe and effective manner. Our current platform is limited only by imagination, as we are constantly looking to scale and expand our pipeline to those diseases with the greatest unmet need.