Welcome to Knowledge for the greater good
We have taken to heart the revolutionary spirit that founded our university and encourage each other to pursue unpredicted lines of thinking in order to effect change on local and international scales.
is a privately endowed university and a partner of the State University of New York. As the federal land-grant institution in New York State, we have a responsibility—unique within the Ivy League—to make contributions in all fields of knowledge in a manner that prioritizes public engagement to help improve the quality of life in our state, the nation, the world.
While working for Samuel Morse, Ezra devises a way to use electricity and magnetism to string telegraph wires on glass-insulated poles aboveground. He takes much of his pay in stock, becoming the largest stockholder of Western Union. The success of the telegraph enables him to found University in 1865.
President Lincoln signs the Morrill Act into law. New York State Governor Fenton signs the charter. Together, these signatures establish as New York's first land grant university. Ezra states: "Finally, trust we have laid the of an University—an institution where any person can find instruction in any study."
The original set of nine bells first ring out from ground level at the University's opening ceremonies October 7, 1868. In 1873 they find a permanent home in McGraw Tower and have since been recast and expanded to 21 bells. They continue to ring daily concerts, making them one of the largest and most frequently played chimes in the world.
Sage College welcomes 25 female students, making a pioneer in coeducation and attracting many applicants. Early graduates include two college presidents, Julia Josephine Thomas Irvine (Wellesley) and Martha Carey Thomas (Bryn Mawr); a publisher and author, Ruth Putnam; and noted professor and scientist, Anna Botsford Comstock.
The first recorded "Spring Day" takes place, celebrating the end of winter. Students skip classes and mount variety shows, circuses and even a mock bullfight, among other festivities. Nowadays, Slope Day is held on Libe Slope on the day following the last day of classes and features musical performances.
'...We Shall Transcend All.'
Seven undergraduates found the Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity on campus. Initially started as a study and support group, it becomes the first intercollegiate fraternity for African-American men in the nation and quickly evolves into an organization built on defending the rights of African-Americans through social action.
In an address marking the 75th anniversary of the signing of the University charter, distinguished teacher, scholar and historian Carl Becker captures the spirit of the university with a phrase that would become a trademark: freedom and responsibility.
At its opening, the Wilson Synchrotron is Cornell's largest single construction and the world's largest particle accelerator, for use in physics, materials science and biology. With expansions over the years, the facility includes a tunnel buried 40 feet beneath Cornell's track complex, creating a giant ring with a half-mile circumference.
Occupy burning crucifix on the porch of the Wari House Black women's housing cooperative compels more than 100 members of the Afro-American Society to occupy Willard Straight Hall for a day and a half. Soon after, 5,000 students take over Barton Hall in support of the Society's demands, prompting decades of sociocultural and political change on campus.
Pioneer 10 begins a 3,000-light-year voyage, the first spacecraft to travel beyond our solar system. In hope of communicating with extraterrestrials, enlists astronomers Frank Drake and Carl Sagan to design a pictorial greeting. The image depicts Earth as the origin of the message.
The Grateful Dead Play Based solely on audience recordings, future Grateful Dead Archivist Dick Latvala declares one show in the band's 1977 tour possibly their best performance ever. That show? The Grateful Dead's concert in Barton Hall on May 8, 1977. The show becomes a "you had to be there" moment and recordings of it are a must-have in any fan's collection.
In October, a hollowed-out pumpkin appears atop the spire of McGraw Tower, attracting months of international attention. It sits there, unreachable, for five months until workers testing crane equipment accidentally knock it down. The mystery of how the pumpkin made it there to begin with remains unsolved.
Mars Rover Program is a Go
Twin Mars rovers Spirit and Opportunity land on Mars, embarking on three-month missions led by astronomy professor Steve Squyres. Extensive data collected by the rovers in the ten years since have provided new insights into the possibility of water on the red planet and the general composition of Mars.
student-designed water plant brings clean, treated water to the Honduran town of Támara as part of Cornell's AguaClara Project. Led by civil and environmental engineer Monroe Weber-Shirk, the project works with students and villagers to bring cost-effective, municipal-scale water treatment technologies to communities in Honduras and now India.
new baroque organ debuts to a full house in Anabel Taylor Chapel. Construction of the massive, 1,827-pipe instrument—the first in the world to be equipped with wind systems that let it reproduce sounds exactly as Bach and other period composers intended—employed authentic 18th-century techniques.
The first phase of Tech opens on Roosevelt Island, close to the heart of New York City. The campus is a space where graduate students focus on the intersection between technology and entrepreneurship, allowing it to become the urban nexus for fast-tracking tech solutions that have immediate relevance to New York City and the world.
While working for Samuel Morse, Ezra devises a way to use electricity and magnetism to string telegraph wires on glass-insulated poles aboveground. He takes much of his pay in stock, becoming the largest stockholder of Western Union. The success of the telegraph enables him to found University in 1865.
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
Hasbrouck Community Center
Resource Ecology and Management Laboratory
Robert Purcell Community Center (RPCC)
Robert Holley Center for Agriculture and Health
Weill Medical College in Doha, Qatar
The map is loading and will appear here presently...
66% percent of Ithaca campus waste was diverted from landfills in 2012 thanks to recycling and composting efforts
50 Nobel laureates affiliated with as faculty members or alumni
The solution to the Poincaré Conjecture, one of the most famous problems in mathematics, was first posted on Cornell's arXiv.org.
endowed the nation's first professorships in American history, musicology, and American literature.
established the first four-year schools of hotel administration and industrial and labor relations.
awarded the world's first degree in journalism, the nation's first degree in veterinary medicine, and the first doctorates in electrical and industrial engineering.
was the first university to offer a major in American studies.
The first university to teach modern Far Eastern languages, Cornell’s Department of Asian Studies today teaches 19 classical and modern Asian languages.
Morrill Hall was the first building constructed on the main Ithaca campus, which today includes 608 buildings on more than 2000 acres.
is the federal land-grant institution of New York State, a private endowed university, a member of the Ivy League/Ancient Eight, and a partner of the State University of New York. It has been described as the first truly American university because of its founders' revolutionarily egalitarian and practical vision of higher education, and is dedicated to its land-grant mission of outreach and public service.
Eight undergraduate units and four graduate and professional units in Ithaca, two medical graduate and professional units in New York City, and one in Doha, Qatar. The Tech campus in New York City is the latest addition.
Student enrollment include all on-campus and off campus registrants and participants in employee degree programs.  Students registered as in absentia are not included. Ithaca campus only (includes Tech). "Professional" schools are Law, Johnson School of Management and the Veterinary School.
Includes undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. Ithaca campus only (includes Tech).  Student home region at time of matriculation. "Middle States" region includes Maryland, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware and Washington D.C.
Degrees granted from July 1 - to June 30th.  Ithaca and Roosevelt Island (Tech)  campuses only.  Data as of 11/1/2017Skip to content
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
                Our main campus: 2,300 acres in the heart of New York State's Finger Lakes region. And only steps away from the shops, restaurants, nightlife, and activities of Ithaca. There's no end to the things you can do, accomplish, and create here.
               Weill Medicine on the Upper East Side. The Tech campus on Roosevelt Island. And more than a dozen programs – most in the heart of the city in Midtown – for faculty research, student learning and public engagement. We've got this city covered.
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
is a private, Ivy League university and the land-grant university for New York state. Cornell’s mission is to discover, preserve and disseminate knowledge, to educate the next generation of global citizens, and to promote a culture of broad inquiry throughout and beyond the community. also aims, through public service, to enhance the lives and livelihoods of students, the people of New York and others around the world.
aspires to be the exemplary comprehensive university for the 21st century. Faculty, staff and students thrive at because of its unparalleled combination of quality and breadth; its open, collaborative and innovative culture; its founding commitment to diversity and inclusion; its vibrant rural and urban campuses; and its land-grant legacy of public engagement.
Leadership is responsible for advancing Cornell’s mission and realizing the university’s vision. Use the links below to learn more.
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
Each year in late March, first-year students from the College of Architecture, Art, and Planning (AAP) create and parade an enormous dragon across campus. Accompanied by students in costume and heckled by rivals from the College of Engineering, the dragon lumbers to the Arts Quad to be consumed by a symbolic bonfire. Formalized by students in the 1950s, Dragon Day's roots are actually traced back to the antics of the architecture Class of 1901.
The heartbeat of campus life, the Chimes have been marking the hours and chiming concerts for more than a century. The original set of bells first rang out at the university's opening ceremonies October 7, 1868. The chimes continue to ring daily concerts, making it one of the largest and most frequently played set of chimes in the world.
Meet current students, alumni, faculty, and staff as you cheer on in the traditional homecoming football game. Recent homecoming events have included the Big Red Band, a firework and laser show, and a carnival.
The ultimate celebration of the last day of classes, Slope Day continues a century-long tradition as a year-end gathering. Live musical performances are the main feature of this community fete.
Big Red ice hockey at Lynah Rink is one of Cornell's treasured spectator sports. Learn cheers for the hockey team, or cross off an item on 
the list of 161 things every Cornellian should do
 by joining hundreds of others in camping out for season tickets. The "Lynah Faithful", as they are known, celebrate with the 
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
has been part of the fabric of New York City for more than 100 years. Across the five boroughs, students live and learn, faculty conduct to solve urgent needs, alumni lead in law, finance, healthcare, media, tech and other major industries, and community partners join us to raise the quality of life for thousands of New Yorkers.
expertise helps deliver clean, safe water to NYC
expertise helps deliver clean, safe water to NYC
High body fat increases breast cancer risk for women with normal BMI
High body fat increases breast cancer risk for women with normal BMI
veterinarians to provide care at Westminster Dog Show
veterinarians to provide care at Westminster Dog Show
Panel explores how can solve problems, enrich learning
Panel explores how can solve problems, enrich learning
Law, business students develop apps to aid nonprofits
Law, business students develop apps to aid nonprofits
eLab students pitch to business leaders
eLab students pitch to business leaders
With its deep academic and cultural roots in Ithaca and its expanding presence in New York City, is at an exciting moment, with burgeoning intellectual collaborations across all its campuses that are creating, curating and communicating knowledge and providing unrivaled opportunities for teaching, learning, 
@We are expanding our reach in New York City. 
's new headquarters is a hub for new opportunities and collaboration. 
# impacts the greatest city on Earth→
ILR's Criminal Justice and Employment Initiative is working to connect employment opportunities to job seekers with criminal records. 
Mitchell Korbey ('85), partner at Herrick Feinstein Attorneys, met with 
 planning students at 
 to share his career path and give insights on urban land use issues. photo / Leyi Zhang (’19) 
Alex Colvin: "Sports as an industry generates aprox. $600 billion every year. More than 500 graduates are working in the sports industry including commissioners of and Cornellians are at the epicenter of leadership in sports" 
@ to stay up-to-date on 
With real-time decisions, Citi Bike breaks the cycle of empty stations
Architecture, Art and Planning
Biological and Biomedical Sciences Graduate Program
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
All the trappings of a traditional college campus—academic buildings and residence halls, libraries and eateries, labs and facilities—housed in buildings that stand as testimony to our storied past and progressive future. And yet, it's Mother Nature's architecture we think you'll be most impressed by...
Ithaca has been named one of the top 100 places to live, a top 10 recreation city, a best green place to live, and one of the "foodiest" towns in America. For the bustle of city life, head off campus to the Ithaca Commons or Collegetown. Not busy enough? The City of Syracuse is under an hour away, and frequent buses to allow for day trips.
Vice Provost for Centers & Institutes
Center for First-Year Students
            “Hendryck Gellineau came to thinking biology is the best route to medicine, but he quickly switched to chemistry—after a stint in a lab.”
            Imagine something as small as a piece of dust, but it has…solar panels on it to power it…computation on board to carry out a task…do some sensing.
From the laboratory bench to the hospital bedside and from cultural evolution to concepts in sustainability, our researchers and scholars are translating discovery into meaningful, measurable impact that is changing the world for the better.
Streaming chill vibes? Spotify data says the season is the reason
Streaming chill vibes? Spotify data says the season is the reason
The left is pushing Democrats to embrace their greatest president. Why that’s a good thing.
The left is pushing Democrats to embrace their greatest president. Why that’s a good thing.
Creative writing student recognized by literary association
Creative writing student recognized by literary association
Appert explores hip-hop and social change in Senegal
Appert explores hip-hop and social change in Senegal
How do you flourish in scientific publishing? Ask a librarian
How do you flourish in scientific publishing? Ask a librarian
Pore size influences nature of complex nanostructures
Pore size influences nature of complex nanostructures
Multidisciplinary Partnerships
The challenges of the world and the big picture of what’s possible rarely fit neatly into a single academic discipline. This is why we’ve made collaboration and communication a way of life at Cornell. We foster a community of renowned scholars that spans disciplines, locations, and industries in order to convert promising ideas and innovations into results that truly matter.
Talented researchers and top scholars know that teaching and learning are intrinsic to one another. That's why they come to Cornell. They know they can push the boundaries of discovery by engaging with students who, in turn, engage with and challenge them.
Support for everything from proposal development to grant management—and all the administrative issues in between.
Undergraduate Whether you join a project in-process or plan to put together a team and start from scratch, opportunities abound the minute you set foot on campus.
More than 100 interdisciplinary organizations bring students and faculty together to pursue research, teaching, and outreach.
Millions of dollars of funding go into our labs every year. Hundreds of inventions, patents, licenses, copyrights, and plants emerge every year. Now we just need you.
delivers results that matter all around the world.
Development sociology graduate student Katie Rainwater will use grant funds to travel to Singapore next summer to examine why first-time Thai migrants working in Singapore earn a daily starting wage of $23 compared to only $18 for their Bangladeshi counterparts.
provides insights into marine disease and climate
Drew Harvell and her team document evidence of marine infectious diseases in coral, abalone and oysters, and  cases of forecasting and mitigation for those diseases.
Ravi Kanbur's new book tackles challenges of urbanization
Kanbur proposes managerial and policy reforms for better planning, financing alternatives and enlightened governance for improved service delivery and affordable housing.
Hull's work focuses on sociopolitical, military, legal, administrative and political theory in Germany from 1700 to 1945. She is the author of "Absolute Destruction: Military Culture and the Practices of War in Imperial Germany."
10-week study led veterinary student Emily Aston into the heart of the Amazon rain forest to conduct the most remote study to date of the foodborne and waterborne pathogen Toxoplasma gondii.
cheap and simple process using natural fibers embedded with nanoparticles can almost completely rid water of harmful textile dyes in minutes, report and Colombian researchers who worked with native Colombian plant fibers. Dyes, such as indigo blue used to color blue jeans, threaten waterways near textile plants in South America, India and China.
student-designed water plant brings clean, treated water to the Honduran town of Támara as part of Cornell's AguaClara Project. Led by civil and environmental engineer Monroe Weber-Shirk, the project works with students and villagers to bring cost-effective, municipal-scale water treatment technologies to communities in Honduras and now India.
Cornell's Diagnostic Endocrinology Laboratory conducted hormonal analyses on samples collected for a study led by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. The work showed a strong connection between the 2010 oil spill  the deterioration in Gulf dolphin health in a region that received heavy and prolonged oil exposure.
NASA-funded collaborative team led by engineer Steven Powell launched a sounding rocket to collect data straight from the heart of the aurora borealis. The team looks to discover how their physics affects satellite signals here on Earth.
Center for Technology Licensing at (CTL) 
Office of the Vice Provost for Apply
