engages in prototyping and system and technology demonstration projects in order to further the design and implementation of selected infrastructure components new computing- and communications-based applications. Current expands upon the core components of CNRI's Digital Object Architecture; Handle.Net Registry assigning, managing, and resolving persistent identifiers digital objects and other Internet resources, and Cordra.org which provides a mechanism the creation of, and access to, digital objects as discrete data structures. Other areas of interest support ongoing in digital libraries and other networked information technologies, including the and Nanotechnology Exchange .
Announces Cordra : Techniques Long-term and Storage-independent Management of Digital Information.
Interviews Dr. Robert Kahn , Chairman, and President, YouTube, published November 17, 2014. Topics included the role of the Digital Object Architecture (DOA) in combating counterfeit products and devices, and what governments and the corporate sector can do to help.
(703) 620-8990is a not-for-profit organization formed in 1986 to foster and development the Information Infrastructure. Among CNRI's major goals is a program of to identify and nurture infrastructural technologies and services that will unlock the potential of information and knowledge along with technology itself. promotes various collaborative activities that create productive synergies among government agencies, universities, and private organizations; undertakes targeted in technologies information management and high-speed networking; design/fabrication support the and Nanotechnology Exchange ; and supports various educational in the public interest.
is committed to furthering the design, implementation, and deployment of selected infrastructure components so that new computing- and communications-based applications can be used to greater advantage, whether business or government at work, at school, and at home. Experimental development and use of new technologies is often the most effective means understanding their potential and driving their evolution. engages in selected system and technology demonstration activities and projects with key institutions where the implications of prototype systems can be studied and refined, and their utility can be determined.
In addition to design, development and deployment of key infrastructural technologies, initiates and nurtures collaborative and educational activities that are intended to bring together parties with potentially divergent interests to pursue common goals. also houses a program of activities to support in digital libraries and networked information technologies.
uses the frontier of Internet technology as its working environment, as its development environment, and as a laboratory "time travel" into Internet technology's future. One example of CNRI's commitment to maintaining an advanced information infrastructure is the deployment of technology to facilitate collaboration work both internally and with external organizations. Current involving frequent coordination and interaction with industry, government, and academia require that intra- and inter-site collaboration technology become a natural, well-integrated, and transparent aspect of daily work.
Don Eugene Detmer, MD, MA, Professor of Medical Education, University of Virginia; Past President and CEO, American Medical Informatics Association
Dr. Thomas Everhart, Past President, California Institute of Technology
Dr. Samuel Fuller, Vice President of and Development, Analog Devices, Inc.
Dr. Anita Jones, Professor Emerita, Department of Computer Science, School of Engineering and Applied Science, University of Virginia
Dr. Irving Wladawsky-Berger, Retired Vice-President, Corporation; Strategic Advisor, Citi; Visiting faculty member, & Imperial College
