Solid Structure Built on Better Business
Partnering with the world’s most respected brands
 View our commitment to sustainability 
As a leading international manufacturing company, is dedicated to providing solutions that enhance the safety, quality and convenience of products we use every day. In partnership with the most respected brands in the world, develops vital products that protect everything from the food we eat, to medical supplies, to the touchscreen device in our pockets, contributing to the lives of millions every day.
At Coveris, we’re focused on protecting what matters to you: your fresh and processed protein brands and your customers. For primal and bone-in cuts, further processed meats and freshly prepared meals, you can count on packaging solutions to ensure safety, sustainability and shelf appeal.
Regardless of whether it’s for wet, dry or semi-moist food or snacks, has the perfect packaging solution to suit every need. When it comes to product presentation, there is a choice between variohigh-quality and individual customized effects such as high-gloss or matte finish. As a complete service provider, we take responsibility for managing the entire process – from design to printing to the finishing touches.
As the world’s leading produce packaging manufacturer, is strategically positioned to serve the needs of the fresh produce industry from field-to-fork. Through our sustainable commitment to reducing global food waste, Coveris’ Freshlife® model supports the entire field to fork packaging journey, beginning with pre-harvest growing solutions through to speciality extrusion, scientific shelf-life intervention and award winning print, across multiple formats.
For everything from liquid milk products and yogurt to soft, processed and natural cheese, delivers high performance solutions in flexible and rigid packaging that add real value to your product by optimizing its protection, freshness and shelf-appeal.
Our safe and sterile medical packaging solutions play a vital role in the provision of care for patients everywhere. From bags to wound care products, our medical solutions are developed to ensure customer, medical care provider and consumer confidence in the safety and performance of the materials that are often critical to the wellbeing of those who need them.
From the filling line to the field, we design tough, durable packaging options which you can trust to perform in even the most challenging environments. Our extensive experience in this market allows to provide you with superior high-performance solutions in market sectors such as building materials, agriculture, logistics and chemicals & minerals.
Management to Host Call to Discuss First Quarter 2018 Financial Results 
is the partner of choice for the world’s leading brands because of our long history of delivering innovative solutions that enhance their product offering, delivering results based on unparalleled industry expertise, and responsibly managing our operations so that together we positively impact the lives of millions of consumers every day.
We consistently grow alongside our customers to create the next generation packaging and engineered coatings solutions, enabling our partners to remain advantaged in their markets. applies unrivaled industry expertise to anticipate our customer needs and then invest robustly in Research and Development to bring these solutions to market. Our manufacturing technologies ensure food safe quality, improved efficiencies and shortened lead-times that provide full supply chain value.
Having one of the broadest product offerings, delivers packaging and coating solutions that positively impact the lives of millions every day. As a true global leader, we have a keen understanding of core markets, affording the capability to deliver innovative products and best-in-class service to the world’s most respected brands. Through close collaboration with our customers and suppliers, we are able to offer solutions across a wide array of structures, substrates (Rigid and Flexible; Paper and Plastic), and geographies that consistently provide value and competitive advantage.
As global citizens, we have a responsibility to provide value-driven solutions to our customers while preserving our world’s resources. Through continued collaboration with our stakeholders – customers, industry partners and suppliers – we strive to enhance our sustainability performance through:
Reducing product spoilage use through proprietary film structures, custom coatings or unique perforation patterns on fresh food packaging to extend the shelf life.
New processes and tools to eliminate waste from the entire value stream.
As a leading international manufacturing company, is dedicated to providing solutions that enhance the safety, quality and convenience of products we use every day. In partnership with the most respected brands in the world, develops vital products that protect everything from the food we eat, to medical supplies, to the touch screen device in our pockets, contributing to the lives of millions every day.
Ensure that customers recognize as a provider of innovative packaging and coatings solutions that:
Delivers outstanding customer service and quality
Invests and grows with them
Our employees are engaged and empowered to produce world class products in a safe environment
We are committed to Operational Excellence, continuoimprovement and fact based decision making
We are accountable for results
where we’re from makes who we are today
With one of the largest product offerings in the industry and a “local” partnership approach to doing business, is a true global leader in the manufacture and distribution of packaging solutions and coated film technologies.
is everywhere you are . We currently have locations in Austria, Bulgaria, Egypt, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Serbia, Turkey, United Kingdom, Ukraine, and the United States.Home
has operations around the world. Please contact to learn more at:
As a responsible corporate citizen, is dedicated to conducting business in a lawful and ethical manner, and we expect our suppliers to conduct themselves in such a manner. complies with the laws regarding tax laws, slavery, human trafficking and regulatory compliance in the countries in which we are doing business. We strictly prohibit workplace harassment and discrimination, and we take all necessary steps to ensure the occupational health and safety of our employees and the safety of the communities in which we operate:
Cookie PolicyThe Commitment to Sustainability
Manufacturing companies like must balance the functional and economic needs of our customers with the future demands on the natural resources that make our business run. As such, we are committed to delivering innovative packaging and coatings solutions that bear in mind both our own environmental responsibilities and those of our customers. Through continued collaboration with all of our stakeholders – customers, industry partners and suppliers – we continually strive to enhance our sustainability performance by:
Minimizing the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes;
Identifying opportunities to use more efficient raw materials in our products, including recycled material that prolongs the functionality of those materials;
Providing our customers with innovative solutions that meet their performance requirements and help them meet or exceed their sustainability goals;
Introducing new processes designed to eliminate waste from our manufacturing process to our customer’s application and ultimately the consumer’s use;
Encouraging post-use recycling for Coveris-protected products;
Supporting local initiatives across our international coatings and packaging facilities;
Providing training opportunities to employees to enhance our sustainability efforts; and
Regularly monitoring our performance for opportunities to improve our environmental footprint.
is fully committed to complying with all applicable local, national and international standards that regulate our operations wherever we do business, including our environmental performance.
Rigid Poland is a certified source for paper packaging and coated papers. It has also maintains an Chain of Custody Certificate.
At Coveris, we take pride in knowing that we are protecting the things and the people that matter most in our lives: your products, your brands, your customers, our employees, and the environment. You can be assured that we are passionate about this, and because of that, we will always strive to:
Understand the ever-changing needs of our customers and the markets we participate in;
Partner with our customers to ideate and develop solutions that positively impact their brands and their bottom lines;
Continue to grow globally while maintaining ‘multi-local’ relationships with our customers;
Invest in the latest and next generation technologies in order to maintain a consistent pipeline of innovative solutions;
Capitalize on strong relationships with our raw material suppliers to constantly improve our procurement position;
Share best practices with our peers (internal and external) to continually achieve manufacturing excellence;
Deliver on our commitment of superior quality, performance and customer service; and
Reduce the environmental impact of our manufacturing operations and our products.
Management to Host Call to Discuss First Quarter 2018 Financial Results
 – Holdings management expects to host a conference call to discuss its first quarter 2018 financial results on Thursday, May 24, at 9:00 am, Eastern. The results will be published on or before this date. The conference call number is 877-407-8031 (domestic) or 201- 689-8031 (international). replay of the call will be available after 1:30 pm, Eastern on May 24 until May 31, 2018, by dialing 877-481-4010 (domestic) or 919-882-2331 (international) with the conference of 33479.
Dear Visitor, Customer & Business Partner, We... 
