About Our Company
Microparticulated Whey Protein Concentrate
Protein Beverages
Industrial Applications
Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, USA, is a leading producer of specialty hydrocolloids with offices and facilities across the globe. Featuring an extensive range of specialty hydrocolloid solutions, leverages its capabilities to bring concepts and ideas to real-world products in a broad range of applications.
Serving over 100 countries, established the quality and safety standards the industry is measured against. ingredients touch a wide variety of industrial applications, consumer and household products, tailored to meet the needs of regional consumers. Key product lines are 
Carboxymethyl Cellulose
Microparticulated Whey Protein Concentrate
, as well as other unique biopolymers.
Microparticulated Whey Protein Concentrate
Industrial Applications
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Throughout our nearly 90 year history, has pioneered the development and application of hydrocolloids for industrial and commercial use.
We trace our roots to the founding of the Company in San Diego, California in 1929 and the launch of Copenhagen Pectin in 1934. Over the next 70 years, both companies pioneered and expanded the development and application of pectin and other hydrocolloids such as xanthan gum, gellan gum and carrageenan.
In 2000, merged with Copenhagen Pectin to form Kelco, creating a global organization with manufacturing capabilities in the US, Brazil, Denmark, Germany and the Philippines. In 2004, became part of Huber Corporation and merged with Huber’s Noviant business the following year. As a result of combining capabilities, expertise, industry experience and products within Huber, is positioned as one of the world’s leading producers of specialty hydrocolloids in the 21st century.
Over the past 12 years, Huber and have invested in the company’s future through expansions in Brazil and Denmark, new manufacturing facilities in China, and the establishment of sales and service locations in emerging markets throughout Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and the Americas.
Explore Our History
Joseph Maria Huber founds Huber Corporation as a dry colors business
As the foundation for Copenhagen Pectin, Danish entrepreneur Karl Pedersen begins his marmalade business in Copenhagen
launches investment in world’s first commercial production of xanthan gum in San Diego
Copenhagen Pectin initiates effort to farm seaweed in Zanzibar, Tanzania, East Africa (is primary shareholder of Zanea Seaweed Co., Ltd.)
merges with Copenhagen Pectin to form Sales and service office established by in Leatherhead, UK, Tokyo, Japan and Singapore
Huber acquires Noviant CMC
Wulian becomes home to one of the largest xanthan gum producers in China (now Shandong Biological Company, Ltd.)
and Noviant both establish sales offices in Shanghai, China
Privacy & Cookies PolicyOur products are derived from raw materials found in nature, including polysaccharides produced by microbial fermentation, extraction from land and sea plants and cellulose-based raw materials. Through ongoing expansion and product development, has become one of the world’s leading producers of pectin and have pioneered advancements in the manufacturing and application of gellan gum, xanthan gum, carrageenan, diutan gum and carboxymethyl cellulose (CMC/cellulose gum).
has steadily broadened the effectiveness and range of hydrocolloid use since our founding nearly 90 years ago. We now operate manufacturing facilities in the US, Brazil, Finland, Denmark, Germany, China and the Philippines. We continue to expand our network of commercial offices and laboratories around the globe, serving more than 100 countries across Europe, Asia, Africa, the Middle East and the Americas.
Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia as part of the Huber Corporation, offers our 2,200 employees worldwide the opportunity for growth and professional advancement in an environment that fosters innovation, ethical behavior, safety and sustainability, excellence and respect for people.
believes that hydrocolloids have a unique and important role to play in the products customers will buy and consumers will eat, drink and use in the future. We continue to explore how our nature-based ingredients can enable formulators to respond to emerging trends in market needs and preferences. Our goal is to continually develop and sustain strong relationships and collaboration with our customers as they grow, change and embrace new challenges in their own markets and industries.
Through strategic growth, innovation, targeted expansion, respect and support for our people, customer intimacy and adherence to our company principles, looks forward to embracing the opportunities of our exciting future ahead.
Manufacturing Facilities
Okmulgee, Oklahoma, USA
About Our Company
Microparticulated Whey Protein Concentrate
Protein Beverages
Industrial Applications
About Our Company
combines the strengths, reach and expertise of two early leaders in hydrocolloid technology – US-based and Copenhagen Pectin. Since 2004, investments and expansions have allowed to extend its reach across the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
By strategically expanding manufacturing capabilities and building its network of commercial offices in growing and emerging markets, can respond nimbly to changes in market conditions, consumer trends and economic opportunities. Innovation is a key aspect of Kelco’s expanding global presence with the establishment of Centers of Excellence devoted to product research and development in growing application segments.
In 2015, announced plans to design and build a new citrus peel processing plant in Brazil to support its global pectin business. In addition, the company announced its intent to build a new biogums plant in North America.
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
United States
Microparticulated Whey Protein Concentrate
Industrial Applications
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Privacy & Cookies PolicyWe remain committed to putting customers first as we strive for continuous improvement and long-term business sustainability. Our strong and distinctive approach to ethics helps us to remain competitive and retain market leadership.
The Code of Conduct ensures that all employees can make confident decisions that allow the organization to conduct business ethically and minimize both legal and reputational risks. It is a framework to help support the sometimes difficult decisions our employees face in the course of daily business. This framework encourages employees to do the right thing, not just follow the rules.
The Code of Conduct is based on the Huber Principles, the core beliefs that set Huber companies apart in all markets served.
Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability
top priority across Huber companies is to achieve world-class performance in preventing employee injuries and maintaining process safety. We implement an effective EHS&compliance system that supports our drive for sustainability and continuous reduction of our environmental footprint. is a responsible corporate citizen wherever we operate throughout the world.
fosters open communication to ensure that potential ethical concerns are promptly identified and properly resolved. Globally, we operate with the highest standard for compliance with laws, regulations and corporate policies. Huber and employees conduct themselves with professionalism and ethical responsibility toward others.
Huber companies value employee diversity and superior teamwork by following fair employment practices and creating a work environment that is free from discrimination. Employees receive honest and constructive feedback, recognition for their accomplishments and opportunities for individual learning and development. At Kelco, employees share the company’s core values and show dignity and respect for others.
Customer focus and operational excellence is the foundation of Kelco’s competitive advantage. Customer intimacy and innovation continue to drive new product development and commercialization. Operational excellence results from our application of ongoing learning and best practices to process engineering, product quality, productivity improvement, supply chain management and customer service.
One Quality Standard
abides by one global quality standard that does not vary by the location of the production facility or the customer sale. Consistent, defect‐free, high performance products are our opportunity to differentiate from the competition and create sustainable business.
Quality improvement and food safety performance guidelines are in place that describe minimum mandatory quality and regulatory requirements for all facilities. These standards are designed to raise the commitment to quality and food safety, and include audits of all facilities to certify and validate to this standard.
Our global systems of governance, assurance and improvement, combined with our culture of quality, are an investment to ensure continues to be a trusted and reliable supplier. This is reflected in our Global Quality and Food Safety Policy .
Huber and provide fair employment practices and fair treatment to all employees and job applicants. All Huber businesses create a work environment free from discrimination, in which all employees are treated with respect and dignity.
These principles are the cultural pillar and the guiding force on how conducts business around the world. strongly believes that its reputation and integrity depend on adhering to these principles. They address the same environmental, employee and safety concerns that drive our customer’s guidelines. As the scope of Kelco’s operations increase and the organizational structure evolves, the above principles remain constant. By adhering to these principles in every situation, ensures that every employee in every corner of the world is doing business to the highest ethical standards.
abides by a single global quality standard that does not vary by production location or customer. We see consistent, defect-free, high-performance products as our opportunity to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and create sustainable value. Quality improvement and food safety performance guidelines ensure that all facilities and products meet minimum mandatory quality and regulatory requirements.
ensures product quality by systematically monitoring process improvement, promoting the use of Six Sigma-Lean tools and driving improvement and cost reduction throughout our operations. We build superior performance by adhering to global regulatory requirements and protecting the integrity of our products and services.
achieves these goals as we build our understanding of customer needs and applications. Our commitment to quality – as manifested by our quality management systems and processes – creates the value we bring to our customers. At Kelco, we realize that meeting customer expectations requires a balanced approach to quality, delivery, price, plant capability, performance and service.
Kelco’s Quality Management System encompasses areas that directly affect customer and product performance:
Product quality and regulatory compliance
Best-practice global standards and systems
Quality assurance and control
Customer service and support
This integrated system is designed to meet customers’ performance objectives, create competitive advantage and foster collaborative relationships that spur innovation.
believes that all injuries are preventable, all health risks are controllable and that management is always accountable. We expect every employee to not only follow the law but to reflect our values and principles by creating an ethical and safe company culture.
We aim to achieve sustainable success through leadership and excellence in safety and to provide a safe and healthy work environment for our employees, families and communities. “Drive Toward Zero” (DTZ) – no work-related injuries or accidents – is our vision for excellence in safety.
believes that excellence in safety is entirely compatible with and supportive of other business goals, such as quality, productivity and profitability. We believe that safe, healthy employees have a positive impact on all operations.
is committed to achieving Drive Toward Zero through:
Management commitment to excellence in safety
Line management ownership of the safety agenda
Training and involvement of all employees in safety activities
Comprehensive safety practices required of all employees
Safety Organization and Safety Specialists who work closely with line management to implement and manage safety practices
