Multi-year wafer supply agreement for Wolfspeed technology to boost commercial expansion of silicon carbide in automotive and industrial applications.
Our Schottky Diodes and MOSFETs are optimized for high voltage and high power applications.
Technology Enables Increased  Safety, Warning & Driving Assistance
Valeo and demonstrate the first complete high definition array solution for automotive lighting systems at 2019
Our Foundry Service is offering a one-day course for engineers who want to design in the Wolfspeed Foundry.
Finally, Troffer With Sense of Style. Yours.
The Series Specification Troffer — offering the flexibility and freedom of expression to complement your vision for design illumination.
Wolfspeed’s E-Series is the first family of SiPower Devices to meet automotive requirements and high humidity standards
Built to exceed even high expectations, the Series Linear High-Bay offers dominant performance for high ceilings and unconditioned spaces.
Optimizes Technology for the Connected Lighting Future
New XLamp XP-G3 Line delivers high-power technology optimized for long-lifetime general lighting applications where sensors and the internet of things (IoT) are becoming common.
Delivering a faster 4network today and 5tomorrow
Best-in-class Gaand telecom portfolio now available
 Technology makes it possible for lighting to affect your physical world 
in more ways than one.
This is our commitment.
This is who we are.
                      is a market-leading innovator of lighting-class LEDs, lighting and semiconductor solutions for wireless and power applications. We are uniquely positioned to innovate new ways in which lighting will serve as a platform for emerging technologies and capabilities that will enrich lives, improve society and safeguard our planet.                  
                        The best for our environment, our communities, and our employees.                    
Our history is making history.
We relentlessly pursue disruptive technologies that change industries.
history of innovation and milestones
has invested significant resources in developing new technologies to lead the lighting revolution. Cree’s technologies encompass new materials systems, such as Group nitrides and silicon carbide, compound semiconductor devices for lighting, wireless and power applications, and LED-based systems, such as backlighting systems and general illumination systems. continues to invest in research and development to enable new products and facilitate market growth. chooses to protect many of its innovations by obtaining patents. As of January 2017, has more than
may choose to partner with other parties and promote the use of its proprietary technology through intellectual property licensing. license to Cree's patents can enable other companies to improve existing products, enter new markets or speed time-to-market of new products. 
description of the licensing programs offered by may be found on the  
list of licensees may be found on this website on the  
The best for our environment, our community, our employees.
                        We strive to minimize resource use and reduce the environmental impact of our production process                    
                        We consider the health and well-being of each individual associated with the community as our primary responsibility.                    
                        operates at the highest ethical standards and actively manages risk inside and outside of the organization to ensure long-term financial performance.                    
                        Cree’s Board of Directors sets high standards for our employees, officers and directors.                    
License to and patents at issue in the litigation.
Cross license to manufacture and sell chips, components and arrays.
License to the patents asserted in the case and Wisconsin. [ press release ]
License to patents at issue in the litigation. [ press release ]
License to manufacture and sell remote-phosphor-based luminaires and bulbs.
License to patents at issue in the litigation. [ press release ]
Cross-license agreement to bulb and luminaire patents. [ press release ]
License to manufacture and sell remote-phosphor-based luminaires and bulbs.
License for certain chip and component intellectual property. [ press release ]
License to certain patents to manufacture and sell certain luminaires.
Cross-license agreement relating to technology for solid-state white lighting.
Cross-license agreement including additional patents relating to white technology and certain patents relating to nitride lasers.
License to manufacture and sell silicon carbide materials for electronic device applications.
Cross-license agreement to all patents in the fields of blue chip technology, white LEDs and phosphors, packaging, luminaires and lamps, and lighting control systems.
Cross-license agreement to all patents covering blue chips, white LEDs and phosphors (including remote phosphors), control systems, luminaires and lamps as well as backlighting of liquid crystal displays (LCDs) and patents in the Philips Luminaire Licensing Program.
License to 6,600,175 to make and sell white LEDs that incorporate chips.
License to manufacture and sell white-emitting packaged lamps each of which incorporate an chip from and a phosphor and is encompassed by 6,600,175 and patents that issue from Ser. Nos. 10/623,198 and 11/264,124.
License to 6,600,175 to make and sell white LEDs that incorporate chips.
License to manufacture and sell aluminum nitride wafers using hydride vapor phase epitaxy.
License to manufacture and sell Gaand GaSchottky diode devices for use in the field of power conversion. 
License to manufacture and sell remote-phosphor-based luminaires and bulbs.
License to manufacture and sell remote-phosphor-based luminaires and bulbs.
                      directs our employee efforts and financial support to events and organizations that directly promote the increased adoption of energy-efficient lighting and energy-efficient technologies.                  
Initiatives: Habitat for Humanity
Provided over 150,000 lights to Habitat homes nationwide
Sponsored the first All Habitat home in Durham, in 2010
Provided lighting to Habitat ReStores
At Cree, we relentlessly pursue disruptive technologies that change industries. In nearly three decades, has led by converting new science into market-changing products, one breakthrough after another.
Our progress is measured by the success of our business units
Released world’s first commercial Siwafers; and led with every subsequent move from 2 inch, 4 inch, 6 inch and now to 200mm delivering the industry’s most robust, highest quality materials for the creation of Siand Gadevices
Created industry’s first Gaon SiC: Enabled increased signal gain and a 4x power density (watts per mm) increase for wireless and broadcast high-power applications
Demonstrated first ever Gawith record power density, proving Gawas not only a viable alternative to GaAs devices, but also greatly superior in power density, not just to support higher power output, but also allowing smaller die size for equal power
Cotco purchase – expands operations into China and provides access to video screen market
Launched first commercially viable fixtures, featuring TrueWhite® and NanoOptic® Technologies.
Introduced the first single die to Break 1000 Lumens
Released industry’s first SiMOSFET, market maker and key building block for more efficient power conversion systems, decreasing size, weight and bill of materials
Introduced the industry’s first 1700Sihalf-bridge module that delivers Siswitching speed and energy efficiency to solar, EV, and industrial power supplies that require kilowatts of power
Lighting 2015JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
The mission of the Small Business Program at Cree, Inc. is to maximize the opportunities for small business concerns to participate in the company's business of procuring goods and services at all dollar levels and regardless of fund source. The Contracts Office along with our Purchasing Department administers the Small Business Program. 
Click on the following links to learn more about the program:
Supplier Maintenance Request - Part (to be completed by Supplier)
We strive to minimize resource use and reduce the environmental impact of our production process. To better inform our customers, we are committed to transparency of our emissions, waste generation, and water and energy consumption.
                        We strive for proper water use management practices at all sites.                    
                        We are committed to reducing energy usage and emissions.                    
Cree's Doherty amplifier-based patents may be licensed for the manufacture and sale of Doherty-based amplifier products. The patents included in this license are listed in the table below; foreign counterparts are also included. Contact at 
N-way power amplifier circuit with increased back-off capability and power added efficiency using unequal input power division
N-way power amplifier circuit with increased back-off capability and power added efficiency using selected phase lengths and output impedances
Integrated circuit with parallel sets of transistor amplifiers having different turn on power levels
High power Doherty amplifier using multi-stage modules
The following table shows some of Cree’s active patent licensing programs. Each program provides rights to certain patents needed to manufacture products within the program description scope. will also develop customized licensing programs to address your specific product.
License to manufacture and sell liquid-crystal displays with an backlight.
License to manufacture and sell crystalline aluminum nitride.
License to make and sell SiC-based ultraviolet photodiodes.
License to manufacture and sell Siwafers and epitaxial layers.
License to manufacture and sell Doherty-based amplifiers.
License to manufacture and sell 
License to manufacture and sell 
License to manufacture and sell 
License to manufacture and sell 
Cree’s Gapower technology is available for licensing. list of patents that may contain claims that are included in the program are listed below; corresponding foreign counterparts are also included. Contact at 
Nitride based transistors on semi-insulating silicon carbide substrates
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Nitride based transistors on semi-insulating silicon carbide substrates
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Aluminum gallium nitride/gallium nitride high electron mobility transistors having a gate contact on a gallium nitride based cap segment
Group nitride based FETs and HEMTs with reduced trapping and method for producing the same 
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Indium gallium nitride channel high electron mobility transistors, and method of making the same 
Methods of fabricating aluminum gallium nitride/gallium nitride high electron mobility transistors having a gate contact on a gallium nitride based cap segment
Group-nitride based high electron mobility transistor (HEMT) with barrier/spacer layer
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Nitride-based transistors and methods of fabrication thereof using non-etched contact recesses
Nitride-based transistors with a protective layer and a low-damage recess and methods of fabrication thereof
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Nitride heterojunction transistors having charge-transfer induced energy barriers and methods of fabricating the same
Methods of fabricating nitride-based transistors with a cap layer and a recessed gate
High electron mobility transistor 
Asymetric layout structures for transistors and methods of fabricating the same
Gallium nitride based high-electron mobility devices
Dielectric passivation for semiconductor devices
Method of manufacturing gallium nitride based high-electron mobility devices 
Semiconductor devices including implanted regions and protective layers and methods of forming the same
Methods of fabricating nitride-based transistors having regrown ohmic contact regions 
Transistors having buried n-type and p-type regions beneath the source region
Group nitride field effect transistors (FETS) capable of withstanding high temperature reverse bias test conditions
Wide bandgap transistor devices with field plates
Binary group III-nitride based high electron mobility transistors
Wide bandgap HEMTs with source connected field plates 
Nitride-based transistors and methods of fabrication thereof using non-etched contact recesses
Wide bandgap transistors with multiple field plates
Passivation of wide band-gap based semiconductor devices with hydrogen-free sputtered nitrides 
Aluminum free group III-nitride based high electron mobility transistors
Robust transistors with fluorine treatment 
Methods of fabricating nitride-based transistors with a cap layer and a recessed gate
Transistors including supported gate electrodes 
Cap layers including aluminum nitride for nitride-based transistors
Polytype hetero-interface high electron mobility device and method of making
Fabrication of single or multiple gate field plates
Passivation of wide band-gap based semiconductor devices with hydrogen-free sputtered nitrides
High temperature ion implantation of nitride based HEMTs
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Methods of manufacturing group nitride semiconductor devices with silicon nitride layers
Nitride-based transistors with a protective layer and a low-damage recess
Wide bandgap HEMTs with source connected field plates
Doped group III-nitride materials, and microelectronic devices and device precursor structures comprising same
Wide bandgap transistor devices with field plates
Robust transistors with fluorine treatment 
Methods of fabricating transistors including dielectrically-supported gate electrodes
Normally-off semiconductor devices
Methods of fabricating transistors including dielectrically-supported gate electrodes and related devices
Methods of fabricating transistors including dielectrically supported gate electrodes and related devices
Methods of fabricating transistors including self-aligned gate electrodes and source/drain regions
Wide bandgap transistor devices with filed plates
Methods of fabricating strain balanced nitride heterojunction transistors
High voltage switching devices and process for forming same
Methods of fabrication normally-off semiconductor devices
Method of forming vias in silicon carbide and resulting devices and circuits
Semiconductor devices having varying electrode widths to provide non-uniform gate pitches and related methods
Group nitride field effect transistors (FETs) capable of withstanding high temperature reverse bias test conditions
High temperature performance capable Gatransistor
Methods of fabricating transistors using laser annealing of source/drain regions
Group nitride based flip chip integrated circuit and method for fabricating
Semiconductor devices including Schottky diodes having doped regions arranged as islands and methods of fabricating same
Low voltage diodes with reduced parasitic resistance and method for fabricating
Methods of forming semiconductor contacts and related semiconductor devices
Devices with crack stops
High voltage switching devices and process for forming same
High power gallium nitride field effect transistor switches
Semiconductor devices including Schottky diodes having overlapping doped regions and methods of fabricating same
operates at the highest ethical standards and actively manages risks inside and outside of the organization to ensure long-term financial performance. adheres to the policies outlined in the Code of Conduct and requires our suppliers to adhere to strict social and environmental standards.
                        Learn more about Cree’s material sourcing and supplier selection requirements.                    
                        Ensuring the quality of our products is our top priority.                    
We consider the health and well-being of each individual associated with the community as our primary responsibility. We have established stringent rules for material sourcing, supplier selection, and employee health and safety, while also promoting community engagement and education programs.
                        Learn how health and safety is integrated into our business.                    
View our health & safety philosophy
We hope your work at will be safe and productive. In an effort to ensure so, you must understand and follow all information provided by your supervisor, your sponsor and the 
. This training does not provide comprehensive information on all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to contractors. You are expected to abide by all of the applicable regulatory requirements as explained and directed by your supervisor.
We hope your work at will be safe and productive. In an effort to ensure so, you must understand and follow all information provided by your supervisor, your sponsor and the 
. This training does not provide comprehensive information on all laws, rules, and regulations applicable to contractors. You are expected to abide by all of the applicable regulatory requirements as explained and directed by your supervisor.
: If you have never submitted before, submit information using the Contractor Safety Information Worksheet.
Access the Contractor Safety Information Worksheet
Access the Contractor Safety Annual Submission Worksheet
 Who should we expect? (contractors with photo badges do not need to be on an access list) 
To ensure your request is processed as quickly as possible, please send all contractor documents and correspondence to: 
long-lasting partnership between and our suppliers is a top priority and we greatly value each relationship. The competitiveness of our suppliers is a strategic core element of and only by collaborating can we optimize the entire value chain and attain a competitive advantage.
healthy partnership can create opportunities for endless growth potential for both our suppliers and Cree. Below is an overview of key elements and minimum expectations discussed in the 
 that Suppliers must follow in order to do business with Cree. However, our hope is that suppliers will go above and beyond these expectations. will concentrate on these suppliers and will develop strategic, long-term alliances with key suppliers. 
Download the Lighting Global Supplier Manual (PDF)
At a Glance: Lighting Global Supplier Manual
Supplier on-boarding and how to do business with Commercial policies and procedures
Quality expectations and processes expects from Suppliers
Cree's New Product Development process and how Suppliers are integrated into the process
How Supplier performance is assessed and how will continue to help develop Suppliers
Cree's commitment to environmental, health and safety and our expectations for Suppliers regarding this topic
Supplier Technnical Feasibility Commitment (STFC)
Commercial Lighting Packaging, Labeling, and Shipping Requirements Manual
Cree’s sustainability report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option. Cree’s Health & Safety information has been reported using guidance from the Center for Safety & Health Sustainability. Refer to the Materiality Assessment link below to learn more about how the content of this report was developed. Unless otherwise noted, this sustainability report focuses on Cree’s manufacturing operations in the and China.
Lighting production facility in Racine published supplier packaging requirements
One year of no loss time at Lighting production facility in Racine
Determined Lighting products sold in 2016 will save roughly 10 million MWh and 5 million metric tons CO2e over their lifetimes compared to non-alternatives
Lighting production facility in Racine achieves 86% waste diverted from landfill
Huizhou installed a new water recycle system, which recycles an average of 211,000 gallons of water per day
Began estimating Cree’s Scope 3 emissions for the first time
Joined EP100 and pledged to double our energy productivity in terms of lumens produced by our products per kWh consumed in manufacturing by 2020
Lighting production facility in Racine achieves 82% waste diverted from landfill
Began Composting at Headquarters’ Cafeteria
First Submission of Emissions to CDP
Completed first company-wide emissions assessment
Began reclaiming organic chemical waste
Initiated wastewater treatment facility on-site at headquarters
Tax Exemption Information for Suppliers to Cree, Inc.
To be considered as a potential supplier,
