The new world is dawning.
Billions of sensors; the Internet of Things. Data Centers in remote regions to store, process and deliver data to the Cloud. But the new world needs new technology. With ReRAM, customers can not only deliver the “big” data, but will also enjoy the energy efficiency, security, blazing performance and low latency to make this new world possible.
radical departure from traditional memory.
Because of its simple structure, Recan scale to smaller than 10nm, stack in 3D, and be directly integrated with logic in the same foundry. With Reyou get 1/20th the energy; 1000x endurance; 100x read performance; 1000x write performance and terabytes of storage on-chip.
The possibilities are endless for a new way of thinking about storage and computing.
Let us help you rethink your approach to system design.
Collaborate with us to innovate leveraging ReWe are looking for innovative companies to work with us to invent the future of storage and computing.
We’ve only scratched the surface of what will be possible.
It’s in production starting at 40nm.
License from us and integrate Reinto your next design. Get the ideal combination of energy consumption, performance, capacity and feature set for your specific application.
ReCores for System-on-Chip
The new world is dawning.
Billions of sensors; the Internet of Things. Data Centers in remote regions to store, process and deliver data to the Cloud. But the new world needs new technology. With ReRAM, customers can not only deliver the “big” data, but will also enjoy the energy efficiency, security, blazing performance and low latency to make this new world possible.
radical departure from traditional memory.
Because of its simple structure, Recan scale to smaller than 10nm, stack in 3D, and be directly integrated with logic in the same foundry. With Reyou get 1/20th the energy; 1000x endurance; 100x read performance; 1000x write performance and terabytes of storage on-chip.
The possibilities are endless for a new way of thinking about storage and computing.
Let us help you rethink your approach to system design.
Collaborate with us to innovate leveraging ReWe are looking for innovative companies to work with us to invent the future of storage and computing.
We’ve only scratched the surface of what will be possible.
It’s in production starting at 40nm.
License from us and integrate Reinto your next design. Get the ideal combination of energy consumption, performance, capacity and feature set for your specific application.
ReCores for System-on-Chip
Why is Flash Technology Running Out of Steam?
New Approach to Enterprise Storage
Storage Innovation for the IoT
New Wave of Wearable Device Innovation中文
Artificial Intelligence
Automotive/Industrial/Medical
Board of Directors
Technology Advisory Board
Board of Directors
Technology Advisory Board
team member will respond within 24 hours.
Gah. Something went wrong.
We're sorry about this. Can you please try submitting your message one more time? If it still doesn't work, please tell us by 
SitemapWorking at Inc. is a dynamic start-up company focused on delivering solutions that will dramatically enhance the global memory storage industry. Backed by top tier investors, we have assembled an expert team of leading financial, marketing, legal and engineering professionals. We are committed to our vision of rethinking the compute/storage paradigm and ushering in a new era of artificial intelligence, IoT, machine learning and neural networks that are redefining the intersection of our physical and digital worlds, enabled by our Retechnology.
The following positions are currently available:
In this position, you will be responsible for developing the next generation nonvolatile memory technology in a fast paced working environment. You will also actively interact with process and design engineers for the technology improvement.
Responsibilities include:
Development and optimization of operation algorithms.
Physical device modeling and simulation.
Failure analysis.
Generation of electrical design rules and assist process engineers in developing the technology design rules.
Education Requirements/Preference
3+ years of direct device engineering experience preferred.
Strong in-depth understanding of solid-state physics and/or material science.
Experience in devices is highly preferred.
Experience in handling large set of data and statistical analysis is a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Must be hard working, self-motivated and team player.
In this position, you will be responsible for developing semiconductor process modules and integration for the next generation nonvolatile memory technology in a fast paced working environment. You will also actively interact with device engineers for the device improvement.
Responsible for two or more process modules.
Disciplined design of experiments.
Solving key process issues/challenges.
Meeting tight project schedules.
or Ph.in Physics, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Material Science or related field.
Must have 3+ years of hands-on experience with various semiconductor fabrication and characterization processes (e.g. PVD, RIE, CVD, Litho, SEM).
Must be a hard working, self-motivated and strong team player in a fast moving environment.
Experience in nonvolatile memory technology is a plus.
Strong ability to handle multiple tasks.
Flexibility to tune work schedule for projects.
May require to work during alternative business hours and weekends.
As a Sr. Product & Test Engineer at Crossbar, Inc., your responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:
Test and characterize product to verify devices meet design requirements.
Define sort and characterize test flows for RRAMs.
Perform Nextext Magnum 2 test program development.
Develop and execute test plans for 3memory devices.
Develop memory repair algorithms for high density memories.
Use tools & scripts to parse and analyze results.
Review design validation tests.
Ensure all tests are performed to guarantee a product’s specification and fault coverage.
Education Requirements
Master’s degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering and 3 years of semiconductor test experience (any job title), or
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate semiconductor test experience.
As a Technical Marketing at Crossbar, Inc., your responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:
PR: Internal and external communications
Generate customer presentations, white papers, articles, application notes and internal reports.
Drive Marketing Communication and team activities.
Production of website collateral: infographics, block diagrams, video scripts.
Analyze market segments and trends (data centers, mobile, industrial / automotive / medical, consumer electronics, IoT, artificial intelligence).
Analyze memory market and competitive positioning vs other memory technologies (Flash, DRAM, ReRAM, MRAM, PCM).
Education Requirements/Preference
This position requires a BSEE/or related engineering major with minimum of 3 years of marketing experience in Semiconductor industry or licensing.
Technical Marketing experience across several market segments: data centers, mobile, industrial / automotive / medical, consumer electronics, IoT, artificial intelligence.
Understanding of the Semiconductor industry, system architectures and memory market is highly desirable.
Candidate should demonstrate ability to comprehend and consider both technical and marketing information and possess excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills.
Excellent graphic design skills, expert in Power Point.
High-energy, self-motivated, self-directed, must have demonstrated ability to influence.
The ideal individual must have proven ability to achieve results in a fast moving, dynamic environment.
In this position, you will be working with architect and designers to validate pre-silicon of future product. Your responsibilities will include but not be limited to:
Creating validation plan using product/specifications/customer requirements and implementing the necessary verification environment.
Engaging with design and firmware engineers to define, develop and deliver necessary infrastructure and address issues found during execution.
Coordinating strategy definition and execution with stakeholders in pre-silicon and post-silicon teams to optimize delivery of product.
Developing tools and methods to streamline development and integration to deliver highest quality in shortest time possible.
Must have or in Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering.
3 years experience working with (Verilog coding, verification, debug) and connecting high level technical specs with implementation.
5 years experience working on development, verification and integration using Verilog/SystemVerilog/UVM.
Able to create a full chip-level environment (with all associated drivers, monitors, scoreboards, …).
Experience with scripting in Perl/tcl/shell to automate flows.
Effective communication, working with ambiguity, flexibility, self-motivation, and leadership.
Validation Skillset
Knowledgeable in industry and development flows and methodologies.
Proficient in all aspects of pre-silicon validation (functional, DFT, power, coverage, gate level).
Experience developing models for hardware components in C/C++, Systemor equivalent languages.
Python scripting.ReThink Innovation of Storage
The light bulb. The car. The telephone. All of these inventions had profound impacts on the world and people’s lives. So what’s next? Natural Human-Machine interfaces, autonomous car, artificial intelligence will bringing yet another wave of invention that will shift the trajectory of society in stunning and positive ways. These systems require instant, ubiquitous access to Data.Data is becoming the “New Air”, wherever, whenever, always available. But to make Data truly ubiquitous, inventors have to rethink the status quo. New technologies are needed to architect systems with no latency, high energy efficiency, high capacity and screaming fast performance. That’s where Recomes in.
was founded in 2010 to commercialize a radically different approach to non-volatile memory called Reunique memory technology that can be integrated inside a system-on-chip or produced as a standalone memory chip, Reis playing an important role in enabling this new world.
Remakes tightly integrated compute/storage subsystems possible, freeing designers from the traditional bus-based storage architectures.
With ReRAM, designers can create entirely new subsystems from “persistent computing” where integrated data pods never shut down to “smart memory” that learns from every interaction, and autonomously retrieves, filters, computes data without the intervention of the CPU.
Reis now ready at 40nm and is moving to 2x nm, enabling even higher density and more tightly integrated devices. licenses its technology to Soand memory companies as off-the-shelf or custom cores. is also actively growing its ecosystem of hardware and software partners to help rethink how new ReRAM-centric architectures can usher in the next wave of world transformation.
Leader in patented filament-based non-volatile Retechnology
cores licensed for 40nm ready
2x nm and below process node cores under development
Licensed embedded memory IPs forSoC, MCU, from Kbytes, Mbytes to Gbytes
Licensed storage memory IPs for standalone memory chips from Mbytes, Gbytes to Terabytes.
290 patents are filed, with 145 patents already issued.
Collaborative engagements in process to develop custom, Recentric architectures
Proven scalability below 10nm process node
100x lower read latency, 20x better energy efficiency and 1000x faster write performance than Flash
No erase needed, bit/byte level overwrite capability
Manufactured on standard production lines
Capacities of 1TB/chip and more possibleLeadership Team Boasts Rich Heritage of Memory Innovation
Based in Santa Clara, California, Crossbar, Inc. is led by George Minassian. The management and R&teams include some of the world’s renowned technologists, with decades of experience in developing, manufacturing and marketing non-volatile memory technologies and solutions.
George Minassian, Ph.D.
Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. George Minassian has been a co-founder and of since 2010. seasoned veteran of the semiconductor memory industry, Dr. Minassian brings 25 years of experience in systems, logic design, new business development, and product development.
Dr. George Minassian has been a co-founder and of since 2010. seasoned veteran of the semiconductor memory industry, Dr. Minassian brings 25 years of experience in systems, logic design, new business development, and product development. Over his extensive career, Dr. Minassian has a proven track record of developing commercially successful, leading-edge products.
From 2002 to 2010, Dr. Minassian held a variety of positions at Spansion, a leading innovator of Flash memory solutions, most recently as vice president of System and Software Engineering where he led the $1.2 billion Flash Memory business targeting the cellular wireless market segment. While at Spansion, he developed and established new industry standards in emerging technologies such as and achieved a successful track record for large-scale product development and management. From 1999-2002, Dr. Minassian was director of Wireless Engineering at Advanced Micro Devices, a microprocessor leader, where he developed the industry’s first process and complete 802.11b/a chipset and reference designs. Dr. Minassian holds a Ph.in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin.
Chief Technology Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. Sung Hyun Jo has been with since 2010, where he leads the company's Device Engineering and Advanced Technology teams as Chief Technology Officer. He brings to over 10 years of experience in nanoelectronics, advanced semiconductor processing and a track record of award winning research and development.
His key expert area includes emerging nonvolatile memory technologies, programmable logics and neuromorphic systems based on Re(memristive) devices. He conducted the first demonstration of a hybrid memristive synapse/neuron system, which is highly cited in the field of neuromorphic systems. He also developed a 3stackable high density memory – an integral part of Crossbar’s technology.
In recognition of his outstanding achievement, Dr. Jo has earned various technical awards including Human-Tech Award from Samsung, the Raith Micrograph Award for the scientific application of nanofabrication, and the Award for Reresearch.
Dr. Jo has over 80 issued and pending patents and his technical publications have been cited over 4000 times by peer researchers and engineers.
Dr. Jo earned his Ph.from the University of Michigan, where he was awarded Best Ph.dissertation. He received his from Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), and his from Yonsei University with early graduation with high honors.
Dr. Sundar Narayanan has been vice president of Technology at since October 2012 and oversees the development of the company's Resistive Memory technology. He brings over 15 years of industry experience in technology development specializing in prototyping, commercialization, technology transfer, yield enhancement and Low Rate Initial Production.
Dr. Sundar Narayanan has been vice president of Technology at since October 2012 and oversees the development of the company’s Resistive Memory technology. He brings over 15 years of industry experience in technology development specializing in prototyping, commercialization, technology transfer, yield enhancement and Low Rate Initial Production.
In 2011 as head of Engineering at Technologies, Dr. Narayanan lead a team of 70 engineers to develop diverse technologies that enabled the transformation of great ideas to revolutionary products for customers in the company’s San Jose and Austin facilities. He developed and organized the technology development process that took ideas from prototypes through the validated processes and to Specialty Production across multiple device platforms in memories, such as and NVMs (including SONOS, PCM, CBRAM, MRAM) MEMS, BioMEMS, Photonics and Energy.
Dr. Narayanan also ran the San Jose Fabrication facility as the Fab director for 2 years to improve operational and engineering efficiency to enable the transition from a captive fab to one where R&and are done in parallel.
Prior to SVTC, he spent a decade at Cypress Semiconductor working on Process and Device Integration.
He has 14 issued and international patents and over 20 publications in journals and conference proceedings.
Dr. Narayanan has a Ph.from Drexel University, and was a Visiting Scholar and Post-Doctoral Researcher at RPI, Troy, New York, and is a Six Sigma Green Belt from ASQ.
Vice President of Engineering and Co-Founder
Hagop Nazarian is vice president of engineering and co-founder of Crossbar. He has over 25 years of semiconductor industry experience in leading new product and technology initiatives, directing design engineering teams, and in R&Device and Reliability engineering.
Hagop Nazarian is vice president of engineering and co-founder of Crossbar. He has over 25 years of semiconductor industry experience in leading new product and technology initiatives, directing design engineering teams, and in R&Device and Reliability engineering.
Prior to joining Crossbar, Mr. Nazarian was vice president of Design Engineering at Spansion, where his local and global design teams successfully designed 65nm and 45nm MirrorBit products. As the director of Flash Design at Micron Technology, he formed the first design team that developed 2Gbit - 16Gbit and products on 90nm, 70nm and 50nm technology nodes. He also served as director of design at Information Storage Devices where his local and global design teams successfully designed mixed-mode analog products and phone Voiceproducts. As a design manager at Cypress Semiconductor, his design team architected and designed Cypress’s first CPLDs Flash based product line and 7.5nm Hagop also worked at Xicor as a senior designer and R&device engineer developing non-volatile memory cell technologies, and products.
Mr. Nazarian has 95 issued patents and 12 patents pending. His patents are related to PLD, CPLDs, NAND, NOR, MRAM, Retechnologies, and mixed mode programmable analog circuits and product architectures. He has 3 publications in journals and conference proceedings.
He received his Master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Santa Clara University in California.
Vice President of Strategic Marketing & Business Development
Sylvain Dubois joined the management team in 2013 as Vice President of Strategic Marketing and Business Development. With over 17 years of semiconductor experience in business development and strategic product marketing, he brings a proven ability to analyze market trends, identify new, profitable business opportunities...
Prior to joining Crossbar, Mr. Dubois led strategic product positioning and market engagement for developing new products at Spansion. Responsible for identifying new growth opportunities and expanding the product portfolio, Mr. Dubois was instrumental in defining the Spansion Flash memory product roadmap.
From 2002-2006, Mr. Dubois was a System-on-Chip architect of application processors at Texas Instruments. Mr. Dubois was in charge of the architecture and technology roadmap of and Flash memory controllers, and developed strategic relationships with major and Flash memory suppliers.
Sylvain Dubois holds a Master of Science in Microelectronics from (Paris), University of Southampton (UK) and Universidad Pontifica Comillas (Spain).中文
Artificial Intelligence
Automotive/Industrial/Medical
Board of Directors
Technology Advisory Board
Board of Directors
Technology Advisory Board
Since we founded we have worked diligently to prepare detailed technical, market and application information to help the industry learn more about us. Check out the information below and explore how Reis changing the game.
Studies, Reports,
SitemapResistive random-access memory (ReRAM) is based on a simple three-layer structure of top electrode, switching medium and bottom electrode ( 1 ). The resistance switching mechanism is based on the formation of a filament in the switching material when a voltage is applied between the two electrodes. There are different approaches to implementing ReRAM, based on different switching materials and memory cell organization. Those variables drive significant performance differences depending upon the switching materials being used.
1. The resistance switching mechanism of Crossbar’s technology is based on the formation of a filament in the silicon based switching material when a voltage is applied between the two electrodes.
Retechnology uses a silicon-based switching material as the host for a metallic filament formation. When a voltage is applied between the two electrodes, a nanofilament is formed. Because the resistance switching mechanism is based on an electric field, the Recell is very stable, capable of withstanding temperature swings from -40°to 125°C, 1M+ write cycles, and a retention of 10 years at 85°C.
Crossbar’s technology will deliver 1,000x faster write performance;
20x lower power consumption; and 1,000x the endurance at half the die size.
2. Crossbar’s simple and scalable memory cell structure enables a new class of 3Rewhich can be incorporated into the back end of line of any standard manufacturing fab.
Retechnology can be stacked in 3D, delivering multiple terabytes of storage on a single chip. Its simplicity, stackability and compatibility enable logic and memory to be integrated onto a single chip at the latest technology node ( 2 ).
Crossbar’s patented built-in selector allows various memory array configurations in which a single transistor can drive one or thousands of memory cells. This enables cells to be organized in super dense 3cross-point arrays, stackable with the capability to scale below 10nm, paving the way for terabytes on a single die.
The approach is also compatible. Designers can put logic, controllers and microprocessors next to memory in the same die, simplifying packaging and increasing performance. ReRAM’s simple structure and compatibility enable any foundry – or logic – to enter the Rebusiness by licensing Retechnology for Systems-on-Chip (SoC) or standalone memory devices.
We're ready to send you documentations
Tell us a bit about your project so we can help you ReThink your design with ReRAM.
Gah. Something went wrong.
We're sorry about this. Can you please try submitting your message one more time? If it still doesn't work, please tell us by email .Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder
Dr. George Minassian has been a co-founder and of since 2010. seasoned veteran of the semiconductor memory industry, Dr. Minassian brings 25 years of experience in systems, logic design, new business development, and product development. Over his extensive career, Dr. Minassian has a proven track record of developing commercially successful, leading-edge products.
Dr. George Minassian has been a co-founder and of since 2010. seasoned veteran of the semiconductor memory industry, Dr. Minassian brings 25 years of experience in systems, logic design, new business development, and product development. Over his extensive career, Dr. Minassian has a proven track record of developing commercially successful, leading-edge products.
From 2002 to 2010, Dr. Minassian held a variety of positions at Spansion, a leading innovator of Flash memory solutions, most recently as vice president of System and Software Engineering where he led the $1.2 billion Flash Memory business targeting the cellular wireless market segment. While at Spansion, he developed and established new industry standards in emerging technologies such as and achieved a successful track record for large-scale product development and management. From 1999-2002, Dr. Minassian was director of Wireless Engineering at Advanced Micro Devices, a microprocessor leader, where he developed the industry’s first process and complete 802.11b/a chipset and reference designs. Dr. Minassian holds a Ph.in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Texas at Austin.
With extensive experience in senior level management positions, Mr. Subodh Toprani serves as a board member at Crossbar, Inc. He has held positions at eSionic Corporation, ZettaCore Inc. and Catamaran Communications since 2000. Mr. Toprani brings over 30 years of experience in the technology realm. Mr. Toprani joined ZettaCore from Infineon Technologies North America where he ran the Wireline Communications...
With extensive experience in senior level management positions, Mr. Subodh Toprani serves as a board member at Crossbar, Inc. He has held positions at eSionic Corporation, ZettaCore Inc. and Catamaran Communications since 2000. Mr. Toprani brings over 30 years of experience in the technology realm.
Mr. Toprani joined ZettaCore from Infineon Technologies North America where he ran the Wireline Communications business as senior vice president and general manager. Prior to that he served as vice president of Marketing of Rambus Inc. and as vice president and general manager of the Logic Products Division since 1994. He also held marketing and engineering positions at AMD, Bally Manufacturing Corporation and Gaming Devices Inc., dating back to 1977.
Currently, Mr. Toprani is the executive chairman of eSionic Corp., and a member of the Board of Directors for NavSemi, Inc. He earned his degree in Physics from St. Xavier’s College, Bombay and and degrees in Electrical Engineering from the Illinois Institute of Technology.
Prior to NLVC, he was a Principal at VantagePoint Venture Partners (VPVP), where he focused on clean technology investments, including energy storage, lighting, solar, electric vehicle sectors, in the Greater China Area. Prior to VPVP, he was an Associate Partner at McKinsey & Company serving Fortune 500 companies across the high-tech value chain: semiconductor equipment, logic, memory and microprocessor devices, networking/storage equipment, and software and services. He supported and consulted with multiple clients in challenging corporate transformation, cross border mergers and acquisitions and post-merger integration situations.
Lei holds a in Chemistry from Peking University, a in Computer Sciences and a Ph.in Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Tim is a Managing Director at Artiman. He focuses on early-stage technology investments and currently represents Artiman on the Boards of Semiconductor, Kaybus, Prysm and Nutrinsic. He also serves on the Boards of InvenSense (NYSE: INVN) and Five9 (NASDAQ: FIVN). Tim’s previous investments include Teknovus (acq by Broadcom), Schoolfeed (acq by United Online) and Ario Data (acq by Xyratek).
From 2001 to 2011, Tim worked as a General Partner at Partech International and continues to represent Partech as a member of the Board of Directors at LedEngin. During the years of 1997 to 2001, he served as the Chief Marketing Officer for Digital Island (NASDAQ: ISLD), a Partech portfolio company. The company was acquired in 2001 for $350 million.
Tim’s past business experience also includes his work as a General Manager at Lucent Technologies. While General Manager, he led the international voice communications product management team with P&responsibility for product lines that generated over $2 billion in annual sales.
Tim graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from Bowdoin College. His Bachelor of Arts degree is in Physics. Following this, he completed his from Duke University.
Wen Hsieh is a general partner at U.S., and a managing partner of China. He also leads KPCB’s global Greentech and semiconductor-hardware practices.
Since joining the firm in 2006, he has focused on early-stage investments and incubations in green technologies, as well as disruptive semiconductor and hardware innovations. Wen works closely with the teams at Alta Devices, Amprius, Aquion Energy, Bloom Energy, Crossbar, LuxVue, mCube, Energy China, TiSystems, Transphorm and Voltafield as a board director/observer or advisor. He also advocated KPCB’s early investment in Amyris Biotechnologies (Nasdaq: AMRS), and as a board observer, he supported Amyris from Series through IPO.
Before joining KPCB, Wen was an Associate Principal at McKinsey & Co. San Francisco and a leader of McKinsey’s Asia semiconductor practice. During his five years at McKinsey, Wen focused primarily on serving leading companies across the global semiconductor value chain. His clients included companies, design houses, wafer fab equipment vendors, automated test equipment suppliers, test solution providers, wafer foundries, logic and memory IDMs, and server OEMs and electronic component distributors. His secondary focus at McKinsey was on the North America biopharma sector, where his clients were small companies in the anti-viral, generics and specialty pharma segments. Earlier in his career, Wen founded OnChip Technologies, a startup developing microfluidic biochips. The company’s target market was high-sensitivity and high-throughput peptide separation and identification applications.
Wen earned a Ph.in electrical engineering and a Ph.minor in biology from the California Institute of Technology. He also received a degree with honors and an degree in electrical engineering from the same institution.
Weijie Yun is the founder and Managing Partner at Tyche Partners, which focuses on investing and supporting early growth stage companies with disruptive technologies in system and component sectors. Prior to founding Tyche Partners, he was an active investor and a serial entrepreneur with extensive operating experience in growing companies from conceptual stage to mass market adoption stage. He has unique experience and insights...
Weijie Yun is the founder and Managing Partner at Tyche Partners, which focuses on investing and supporting early growth stage companies with disruptive technologies in system and component sectors.
Prior to founding Tyche Partners, he was an active investor and a serial entrepreneur with extensive operating experience in growing companies from conceptual stage to mass market adoption stage. He has unique experience and insights in combining technology innovation in Silicon Valley with market opportunities in Asia. In addition to founding Telegent Systems, Networks and Sitek, he co-invests and works closely with tier-1 firms such as and He was a board member and interim of Alien Technologies where he turned the company around to reach profitability. Currently, he serves as the Executive Chairman of Ambiq Micro and as a board member at mCube, Kolo Medical and Afinity Academy.
Weijie received his and Ph.degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from Berkeley, and degree in Physics and Electronics from Zhengzhou University.Tsu-Jae King Liu received the B.S., and Ph.degrees in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University in 1984, 1986 and 1994, respectively. She joined the Xerox Palo Alto Research Center as a Member of Research Staff in 1992, to research and develop polycrystalline-silicon thin-film transistor technologies for high-performance flat-panel display and imaging applications. During her tenure with Xerox PARC, she served as a Consulting Assistant Professor of Electrical Engineering at Stanford University.
Prof. Liu’s awards include the Ross Tucker Electronics Materials Award (1992) for seminal work in polycrystalline silicon-germanium thin films, an Award (1998) for research in thin-film transistor technology, the Significant Technical Achievement Award (2000) for development of the FinFET, the Electrical Engineering Award for Outstanding Teaching at Berkeley (2003), the Kiyo Tomiyasu Award (2010) for contributions to nanoscale transistors, memory devices, and MEMs devices, the Electrochemical Society Dielectric Science and Technology Division Thomas Callinan Award (2011) for excellence in dielectrics and insulation investigations, the Intel Outstanding Researcher in Nanotechnology Award (2012), the University Researcher Award (2014), and the Aristotle Award (2016). Her research activities are presently in nanometer-scale logic and memory devices, and advanced materials, process technology, and devices for energy-efficient electronics. She has authored or co-authored 500 publications and holds over 90 patents.
Prof. Liu is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and a past member of The Electrochemical Society (ECS), the Society for Information Display (SID), and the Materials Research Society (MRS). She has served on committees for many technical conferences including the Device Research Conference, the International Conference on Solid State Devices and Materials, the International Electron Devices Meeting, and the Symposium on Technology, was a member of the Technology and Circuits Technical Committee. She presently serves as a member of the (North America and Europe) Executive Committee of the Symposia on Technology and Circuits, as Editor-in-Chief for Electron Device Letters, and on the Board of Directors for Intel Corporation.
Prof. Wei Lu co-founded in 2010 focusing on the commercialization of resistive-switching device based memory technology. He brings over 20 years of expertise in nanostructures and devices including high-density memory and logic devices based on two-terminal resistive switches, neuromorphic circuits, semiconductor nanowire devices, and electrical transport in low-dimensional systems. He is currently a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Applied Physics at the University of Michigan. Prof. Lu was also a postdoctoral research fellow at Harvard University from 2003-2005.
Prof. Wei Lu co-founded in 2010 focusing on the commercialization of resistive-switching device based memory technology. He brings over 20 years of expertise in nanostructures and devices including high-density memory and logic devices based on two-terminal resistive switches, neuromorphic circuits, semiconductor nanowire devices, and electrical transport in low-dimensional systems.
He is currently a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and Applied Physics at the University of Michigan. Prof. Lu was also a postdoctoral research fellow at Harvard University from 2003-2005.
Prof. Lu specializes in the research and development of silicon-based, compatible, high-performance, non-volatile memory. His achievements include the first integration of Rearray with circuitry without using external transistor or diode as selectors. He also was first to demonstrate that resistive switching devices can effectively emulate synapse for neuromorphic system applications.
He won the Career Award in 2010 and the Wilson Award in 2003. He has published 100 journal papers that have been cited over 10,000 times by peer researchers. Dr. Lu has given plenary or invited talks at a host of international conferences such as IEDM, Nano, and MRS.
Prof. Lu is an active member of the Emerging Research Device working group of and co-editor-in-chief of Nanoscale, a flagship journal of the Royal Society of Chemistry. He has also served as a reviewer and panelist for NSF, DOE, ARO, and over 30 other scientific journals.
Prof. Lu has a Ph.in Physics from Rice University in Texas, and a Bachelor of Science in Physics from Tsinghua University in China.
Prof. Mervyn Rose
Prof. Mervyn Rose is Professor of Physical Electronics and is Head of Division of Electronic Engineering and Physics at the University of Dundee in the He has been on the Academic staff since 1992 and, prior to that, was on the research staff in the Amorphous Materials Research Group.
Director of the Amorphous Materials Research Group
Director of DisplayMasters, an Inter-University Masters Programme aimed at training a new generation of Display Technologists for future high technology applications
Member of the College
Panel member of the DTI/Information and Storage Device Committee
consultant on Display Technology
Fellow of the Institute of Physics (since 2004)