Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
The world identifies with us.
From identity and secure access to biometric identity, our solutions solve complex security challenges in an ever changing world.
Hundreds of millions of users worldwide trust our security solutions.
 We have one that meets the needs of your use case.
Move past the limitations of traditional 2and MFA
See how our DigitalPersona authentication solution is changing the digital landscape within these industries:
Explore Crossbiometric-based solutions with unparalleled, industry-leading technologies:
Stop fraud and theft at the point-of-sale
Discover biometric-based solutions for end-users and integrators tailored to the retail/restaurant industry:
 Making Global one of the world’s major providers of fingerprint biometric technologies.
 See how the UK’s lead government department for police, crime and counter-terrorism simplified procedures with a versatile identification solution.
 Explore commonly used terms in the cybersecurity industry with related Crosscontent.
Visit Crossat the Border Security Expo where you’ll see our cutting edge, in-field mobile technology.
The industry's biggest retail show is coming to Learn how to 
Discover the latest in Crossmatch’s retail technology at the Big Show, Jan 14-16.
 multifactor authentication software was placed in the “Leader” category of Software Reviews’ Identity and Access Management (IAM) Data Quadrant. The quadrant and the detailed research behind it are included in the 
Increasing data security and simplifying login complexity using a composite authentication approach.
What is Identity & Access Management? Your Questions, Answered
 Identity and access management (IAM) is a critical way to protect the systems and data that your organization relies on by ensuring that only properly-authorized users can access your technology and information. As a leading solution provider, we’re often asked what identity and access management is…
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
CrossDelivers 150,000 Optical Fingerprint Modules for Bangladesh General Election Voter Registration
Election Commission looks to combat voter fraud through use of biometricsCrossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, announced today that it has completed delivery of 150,000 of its optical fingerprint...
London Police Develop Mobile Fingerprint System for Fast Identification
By Laura French Courtesy of forensicmag.comPolice can identify suspects within 60 seconds, without needing to bring them into a station, with a new mobile fingerprint system being rolled out in the next six months by the...
Advanced multifactor authentication software also awarded ‘Gold Medalist’ in head-to-head comparison review with other leading identity and access management solutions Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that its...
Global®, a worldwide leader in trusted identity solutions, today announced that it has acquired Crossmatch, a leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, from Francisco Partners. Crossmatch’s portfolio of products includes biometric identity...
CrossSelected for Phase 2 of Thor Program
Seeks to Develop Next-Gen Biometric Presentation Attack Detection Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that it has been selected by Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA) to...
By Adelle Geronimo Courtesy of tahawultech.comCrosshas announced the general availability of the DigitalPersona v3.0 multifactor authentication software.The DigitalPersona v3.0 release builds on our core mission of providing a flexible, next-generation authentication solution that provides the...
Published originally on asmag.comCourtrooms have not historically used biometric technology because fingerprinting has largely been the domain of law enforcement. Recently, however, a large state Superior Court system undertook a grant-backed initiative to determine if...
Cross500 ppi Single Finger Biometric Readers Surpass Sales Milestone in India
U.are.U® and TouchChip Line of Readers, Modules and Sensors Sales Exceed 750,000 in Unit Sales Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, announced today that sales of its 500 ppi silicon...
 Fingerprint Biometrics to Improve Operational Efficiency and Reduce Fraud
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that Fazoli’s Restaurants, the leading quick-service Italian restaurant chain in the U.S., completed its rollout of CrossU.are.U® fingerprint readers. Each...
The Metropolitan Police Service has become the first British police force to develop its own mobile fingerprint device in a move that will save both officer time and public money. Published originally on MyNewsDesk.comThe mobile biometric...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced general availability of its 30 Pocket Reader. The single fingerprint reader which has been previewed at recent industry events offers...
The v3.0 release adds four additional authentication factors to support the broadest range of use cases  July 16, 2018- Palm Beach Gardens, Crossis announcing the general availability of the DigitalPersona v3.0 multifactor authentication software.The...
Crossmatch® to Highlight NOMAD™ Single Finger Reader for Mobile at Modernising Justice Conference
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced it will demonstrate the new NOMAD™ 30 Pocket Reader for mobile identification during the Modernising Justice Conference on June 12th at...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, and Accordant Technology, Inc. today announced a strategic partnership to offer advanced authentication to enterprise customers.Accordant Technology will be an authorized reseller offering...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced it is attending and showcasing the company’s DigitalPersona® composite authentication solution at the Gulf Information Security Expo & Conference (GISEC) on...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced it will preview the NOMAD™ 30 Pocket Reader during the connect:2018 Exhibition and Conference in Washington, next week.The NOMAD...
CrossProvides Mobile Computing Security with DigitalPersona Software for Panasonic Toughbook Devices
Crossmatch®, a leading provider of secure authentication and biometric identity solutions, today announced an agreement with Panasonic System Solutions Company of North America to offer CrossDigitalPersona® authentication software with Panasonic’s Toughbook line of purpose-built...
DigitalPersona part of collaborative development to stay ahead of evolving identity threatsCrossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced the integration of their DigitalPersona® composite authentication solution with IBM...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced its mobile NOMAD™ 60 Wireless Reader received the Appendix and Mobile Identification 60 certifications.Representing the latest in fingerprinting...
CrossReceives Department of Defense Above and Beyond Award
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced it received the Department of Defense Employer Support for the Guard and Reserves (ESGR) Above and Beyond Award.“We are honored to...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions and Oxford Computer Group, today announced a strategic partnership to offer biometric identity solutions to Microsoft customers....
Top 5 Best Identity Management Systems and Authentication Services in 2017
Businesses rely heavily on technology. Employees use computers, smartphones, tablets and other gadgets on a daily basis to streamline processes, stay productive and communicate with colleagues, while databases store important information about customers and products....
Crossand Oxford Computer Group Deliver Top Notch Multi-Factor Authentication Solution to Microsoft Customers
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions and Oxford Computer Group, today announced a strategic partnership to offer biometric identity solutions to Microsoft customers....
Crossmatch, FlexEnable and Team Selected as Finalist in Nail to Nail Fingerprint Challenge
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that it is part of a multi-national team selected as a finalist in the Nail-to-Nail Fingerprint Challenge sponsored by the Intelligence...
The National Information Center (NIC) and Public Security have jointly launched a mobile biometrics system for use with smart devices. The system provides many electronic services to security personnel in the field including checking Hajj...
CrossSettles Infringement Suit Against Integrated Biometrics
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, has agreed to settle a complaint filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware in May 2017 against Integrated...
CrossBiometrics Rein in Security Risks for Computer-Rx Pharmacy Customers
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader and innovator of identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that pharmacy management solutions provider, Computer-Rx, has implemented its biometric identity management technology....
Gardens Company Started in a Garage in ‘96; Now Helps Stop Terrorists
company that started in 1996 with a fingerprint scanner in a garage in Palm Beach Gardens has come a long way. Now, it makes fingerprint scanners used to identify terrorists abroad and wanted criminals...
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that Northrop Grumman will upgrade the current criminal booking solution for the Home Office Forensic and Biometric Interim Capability program...
CrossFiles Patent Infringement Suit Against Integrated Biometrics
Crossmatch®, a globally-recognized leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, today announced that it has filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware against Integrated Biometrics.At issue...
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Founded in a garage in 1996, we’ve grown into a world leader in risk-based composite authentication and biometric identity management. Our solutions address a range of concerns in today’s rapidly changing security climate—from preventing data breaches by eliminating the password to ensuring the safety of a country’s citizens by verifying refugees seeking asylum against biometric databases.
Thousands of deployments and millions of users worldwide
We help enterprises and government around the world strengthen their security through our composite authentication and biometric identity solutions with unparalleled innovation, support and reliability.
Headquartered in Palm Beach Gardens, we have offices around the world—from Prague to Silicon Valley, Washington, to Taipei—and employ 275 dedicated professionals. We are owned by Global, an brand, and provider of trusted identities of the world’s people, places and things.
Interested in joining our global team? See our open positions.
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Careers at CrossInterested in joining the team?
Join Crossand work alongside a worldwide team of highly educated, forward-thinking and energetic professionals. As leading innovators, our employees help solve security and identity management challenges around the world.
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Become a provider of industry-leading security and identity management solutions.
Team Up with CrossAs a world leader in biometric identity management and composite authentication solutions for government and enterprise, Crossoffers exciting opportunities for partnership within our three lines of business.
Providing the security and convenience of biometrics for a range of retail and hospitality, financial services and commercial applications.
Certified biometric identity solutions for law enforcement, defense and civil government applications, as well as compliance driven commercial use cases.
Commercial enterprise  and public sector cyber security
Enabling the next wave of secure authentication for commercial and government cyber security protection that goes beyond 2and MFA.
Our partner team is dedicated to the success and further strengthening of partner relationships with prospects and customers. We help partners:
 The hardware and software we develop and offer are recognized brand / category leaders within their markets.
 loyal customer base ensures a solid renewal rate and supports a focus on footprint expansion.
 You own the client relationships from contracting through billing.
We make it easy to do business with us, and our partner and technical teams are prepared to support you behind the scenes as required.
Distribute and resell, delivering Crosstechnology, consulting services, managed services and outsourced solutions.
Build and sell their own offerings based on Crossproducts, solutions and services.
Integrate Crossproducts into solutions for large enterprises, including managed services and outsourced solutions.
Develop and deliver integrated solutions with industry-leading infrastructure and application technology.
Learn more about our Partner Program
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Interested in more info on our solutions or products? Get in touch with our sales team.
> Find or call a location near you
Have a question? Having an issue with hardware or software? We are here to help!
Need to purchase an starter kit, platen cleaner pads, silicone fingerprint membranes or other supplies? Order quickly on our online store.
Fetching directions......
Speak with a CrossSales Expert
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Our support team is ready to help
To request support from our dedicated experts, use the form below to open a ticket.
. Please include company name, software versions and description of the issue.
Contract for Maintenance and Support (if known):
Please describe the Severity of the problem
Workaround implemented, significant impact to operations (Time Sensitive)
Default, daily requests, system is up and running, minimal impact to operations
"The Crossteam is always available and supportive. They go the extra mile for their customers. Crossis my choice for over 9 years."
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Rich is responsible for the overall strategic direction of the company. He brings over 25 years of leadership experience in shaping strategy, driving growth and profitability, and building infrastructure for multi-location global businesses, both public and private.
Jerry is responsible for the Company’s accounting, finance, human resources and IT.
Bill is responsible for identifying emerging technologies, overseeing technology development and engineering programs specifically focused on new product development.
Jeff is responsible for all hardware engineering and manufacturing. He has over 25 years of experience managing high-volume product development in the computer and biometrics industries, most recently at DigitalPersona.
Arun is responsible for Software Engineering. He brings over 20 years of experience in design and development of mission-critical, real-time, mobile and enterprise-level security products.
Nick is responsible for designing and deploying identity solutions worldwide. He draws from 25 years of experience in delivering enterprise class solutions to government and commercial customers addressing a range of identity management challenges.
Lance is responsible for worldwide sales and marketing. He has more than 20 years of leadership experience in sales, marketing and operations in the technology sector.
Vito is responsible for the design, development, sale and support of innovative, cost-effective biometric products. He brings over 20 years of government and enterprise experience in security, authentication, biometrics and identity management.
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
Commercial Fingerprint Biometrics (U.are.U)
DigitalPersona Pro Enterprise 5.5.1 Administrator-Guide
U.are.Platform Guide for Android
U.are.5000 and 4500 Usage and Care Guide
Sign-up for blogs, news and occasional communications
Global®, a worldwide leader in trusted identity solutions, today announced that it has acquired Crossmatch, a leader in biometric identity management and secure authentication solutions, from Francisco Partners. Crossmatch’s portfolio of products includes biometric identity management hardware and software that complement HID’s broad portfolio of trusted identity products and services, making Global one of the world’s major providers of fingerprint biometric technologies.
“Our acquisition of Crossstrengthens Global’s ability to offer innovative biometric identity solutions to hundreds of millions of users worldwide,” said Stefan Widing, President and of Global. “Adding Crossto our company will extend HID’s market leadership in the trusted identity space and allow us to fulfill the promise of biometrics in critical identity applications.”
Founded in 1996 and based in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, Crossemploys over 270 professionals aa global network of development hubs and strategic sales offices. With the acquisition, Global gains industry-leading biometric identity management solutions for civil government, defense and commercial applications, as well as a secure multifactor authentication software solution.
Crossmatch’s public-sector biometrics business enhances HID’s reach into the immigration and border control, law enforcement, and military and defense markets with products and solutions that include criminal booking, rapid mobile identification, background checks, security clearance processing, military base access, counter-terrorism and mobile intelligence gathering, visa processing and citizen services.
The Crosscommercial biometrics business extends HID’s portfolio to include a broad array of single finger readers, modules, sensors and software developer kits (SDKs) for multiple vertical markets including — retail, financial, healthcare and markets. This is a global business supporting a large volume of integrated partners.  Crossis also a leading provider of single fingerprint sensors to point-of-sale (POS) terminal manufacturers and is integrated with the major software applications.
also gains a unique secure authentication solution, DigitalPersona, that goes beyond the traditional multifactor approach to cybersecurity. DigitalPersona adds an array of risk-based factors, including behavioral biometrics, for secure, frictionless access to Windows and cloud, web, mobile and traditional applications.
“am very pleased that Crossis joining the family. Countering today’s advanced security threats requires innovative, comprehensive identity management solutions incorporating both biometric and non-biometric components. Our market-leading biometric identity management solutions and unique composite authentication solution perfectly complement HID’s already robust offerings. This will enable us to provide our global customers with an even broader range of trusted identity solutions, and our employees with increased opportunity for professional growth,” said Richard Agostinelli, of Crossmatch.   
About CrossCrossmatch® solutions solve security and identity management challenges for hundreds of millions of users around the world. Our proven DigitalPersona® composite authentication software is designed to provide the optimal set of authentication factors to meet today’s unique risk requirements and afford complete enterprise authentication coverage. Crossidentity management solutions include trusted biometric identity management hardware and software that deliver the highest quality and performance required for critical identity applications. Our solutions support the financial, retail, commercial, government, law enforcement and military markets in over 80 countries.
Global powers the trusted identities of the world’s people, places and things.  We make it possible for people to transact safely, work productively and travel freely. Our trusted identity solutions give people convenient access to physical and digital places and connect things that can be identified, verified and tracked digitally. Millions of people around the world use products and services to navigate their everyday lives, and over 2 billion things are connected through technology. We work with governments, educational institutions, hospitals, financial institutions, industrial businesses and some of the most innovative companies on the planet. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Global has over 3,000 employees worldwide and operates international offices that support more than 100 countries. Global® is an Group brand. For more information, visit  www.hidglobal.com .
