Innovation and sustainable progress
is a private, non-profit Swiss research and technology organization focused on generating value for a sustainable world.
More about For precise, cost-efficient and high-throughput manufacturing
is pushing the boundaries of industrial femtosecond lasers to cutting-edge intensities.
The world’s first fully autonomous camera that can be deployed like a sticker, opening up new possibilities for surveillance and sensors.
High-density multi electroarray goes 3D: 3Brain and present the groundbreaking Khíron chip
has developed a promising method using inkjprinting - an attractively adaptable but until now challenging option.
Here are just a few of our areas of expertise and the industries in which we operate. To see a full list of expertise or industries, click the explore buttons below.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.
We were keen to work with because of its know-how in optical design, packaging, and automation; but also because of its proximity to our R&center.
We were keen to work with because of its know-how in optical design, packaging, and automation; but also because of its proximity to our R&center, because of our long-term relationship, and because of CSEM's connections to Swiss industry.
Working with is incredibly helpful because they are outsiyour business and yfocused on exactly the same problems.
Working with is incredibly helpful because they are outsiyour business and yfocused on exactly the same problems.
CSEM's R&activities in the area of surface engineering are currently expanding and complement nicely BASF's existing competences in this field.
The collaboration between and the former Ciba legacy (now a part of BASF) in the area of nano- and microtechnology and printed organic electronics was important to building up new competences within the company. Such technology platforms are also of great importance to CSEM's R&activities in the area of surface engineering are currently expanding and complement nicely BASF's existing competences in this field.
Osmotex was able to identify as the ideal partner. We have now launched our first series of micro-pumps on the market, and have relocated to Switzerland to further intensify our successful collaboration with CSEM.
To develop our proprietary electrokinetic micro-pump concept, our Norwegian start-up was looking for a partner with expertise in the fields of microfluidics, electrokinetics, and micro-integration. Thanks to this worldwisearch, Osmotex was able to identify as the ideal partner to proviall these technologies. We have now launched our first series of micro-pumps on the market, and have relocated to Switzerland to further intensify our successful collaboration with CSEM.
CSEM’s know-how in data transmission and treatment of big data were a big gain for the project.
CSEM’s know-how in data transmission and treatment of big data were a big gain for the project.
By working with we will be able to develop an ecosystem that makes the benefits of our best-in-class low-voltage technology widely available to our partners.
It would have been highly unrealistic for us to achieve our 'bet' without CSEM's core technology.
The new Bluetooth chip we have developed with our long-standing partner has exceptional features specially designed for small connected objects and above all, of course, watches.
The new Bluetooth chip we have developed with our long-standing partner has exceptional features specially designed for small connected objects and above all, of course, watches.
For several years, Patek Philippe and have been collaborating on the development of micromechanical parts for watch mechanisms. is an important driving force for innovation within our company.
For several years, Patek Philippe and have been collaborating on the development of micromechanical parts for watch mechanisms. This collaboration provides us with access to state-of-the-art technology and know-how, and enables us to position our company at the technological forefront of watchmaking innovation. Additionally, in the medium term, ensures series production, enabling the rapid integration of technological developments into our watches. is an important driving force for innovation within our company.
This excellent collaboration with has led to an enabling sensing technology platform with potential in a viation and beyond.
It would have been highly unrealistic for us to achieve our 'bet' without CSEM's core technology.
offers us a professional service for both manufacturing and development, which keeps us at the top of this high-tech field. We are very happy with this partnership.
At Sercalo Microtechnology we rely on as a single-source provider for the manufacturing of our optical designs. offers us a professional service for both manufacturing and development, which keeps us at the top of this high-tech field. We are very happy with this partnership.
Cornel Marxer, CEOBy continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
Managing and fostering innovation to convert groundbreaking basic research into advanced processes, leading to innovative products and helping industry and society prepare for the future.
CSEM’s success story began in the early 1980s as a result of the visionary plans of the Swiss Confederation.
Championing industrial innovation and maintaining our role as a cornerstone in the transfer of disruptive microtechnologies.
is a research and technology organization (RTO) and a public–private partnership.
Building alliances and strategic partnerships is vital to coping with the fast pace of technological innovation and product development cycles.
Start-ups or joint-ventures based on technologies contribute to the economic vitality of Switzerland and of established and emerging industries.
has been assessed and is certified as a demonstration of its commitment to best practice, efficiency, and sustainability.
Award for the integration of photovoltaic solar sensors in protected sites in the “Renovation” category
For pioneering contributions to ultra-fast physics and soliton pulse generation in non-linear optical microresonators
The Innovation Award celebrates and honors the most exciting tech developments in the Swiss Additive Manufacturing (AM) world and was presented to and Space during the Night in Lucerne.
new generation of blood-pressure monitors is born. The scientist Josep Solà i Càros is the recipient of the NeoPrize 2017. This award is in recognition of the development – together with his team at – of a new solution for measuring blood pressure continuously and without cuff.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.
practices environmental, economic, and social sustainability: through projects that protect nature and its resources; through partnerships that increase profit and competitive advantage; and as an entrepreneur that enhances and takes care of its human capital.
is recognized as an innovation vector in providing technology platforms that enable significant scientific and creative breakthroughs in today's world. Its products, solutions, and equality policies have been honored in Switzerland and around the world.
The greatest recognition of our work at comes when the technologies we develop are commercialized. CSEM-developed, commercialized technologies are innovation in action. They add value to our industry partners and ensure the competitiveness of the Swiss economy. They prove that we are fulfilling our mission and making concrete our vision of the of the future.
But awards too are important. When is recognized by prestigious international organizations, that recognition is high-profile proof of our standing in the world of international research. It reinforces our position among our peers, which—of course—is crucial to our vision of networked innovation.
Switzerland—the early 1980s. There is a real concern that the country is losing ground to its neighbors when it comes to new technologies. But the federal council has a visionary plan. It creates a private research and development center, and in 1984 the success story begins.
From day one, a number of well-known Swiss companies support the new center. Many become shareholders and maintain links with as it develops.
is committed to both applied and industry-commissioned R&bridge and catalyst for the transfer of technology and know-how between science and the economy, we continually adapt our research focus to meindustry’s needs. And this constant re-adaptation has taken the center beyond its historic ties with watchmaking. Since Beta 1—the world’s first electronic watch (developed by CEH)—first paved the way for the use of microtechnology in domains other than horology, we have moved microtechnology into many new fields. Today, supplies a broad range of markets—including automotive, medical, machine tools, and space exploration—with an even broader range of technological solutions.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.
Start-ups or joint-ventures based on technologies contribute to the economic vitality of Switzerland and of established and emerging industries.
Their creation is a way of valorizing CSEM’s research programs and those of its academic and research partners. It’s also part of CSEM’s mission, figuring in the service contract established between the center and the State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation ( ).
Commercialization of its proprietary cuffless optical Blood Pressure Monitoring technology (oBPM) in order to contribute to the prevention of high blood pressure.
Development of a breakthrough smartphone application and platform to tackle the global hypertension epidemic.
manufactures and commercializes a nanotechnology based film for the use in Photovoltaic modules in order to render them in different surface colors.
In April 2017, Cognex Corporation acquired ViDi Systems SA, a maker of deep learning software for industrial machine vision.
is active in teaching and training for intensive care and anesthesia.
develops innovative medical devices to monitor the lung and heart functions of patients in intensive-care units and those undergoing general anesthesia.
offers autonomous, green, silicon based sensors and solutions for gas and water quality or security.
develops and produces the most advanced pumps for the emerging science and technology of microfluidics.
focuses on the development of miniaturized mechatronical devices for automation in the fields of micro- and nano-technologies, biotechnologies, and medicine.
develops cameras based on the time-of-flight (TOF) principle. This 3camera allows imaging in all three dimensions. Acquisition in 2014 by Heptagon then acquisition of Heptagon by ams in 2016.
produces and markets measuring systems that enable light microscopes to acquire 3images in real-time, thus addressing a very large global market.
is a Swiss venture capital company, founded by together with Absolute Private Equity (a spin-off of Credit Suisse) and Delarive Groupe SA, to support high-tech start-ups initiated by CSEM.
is the innovation-consulting subsidiary of It helps companies and investors to comprehensively evaluate and exploit the full potential of new and emerging technologies.
is a start-up based in Buckenhof (Germany) and offering optical consulting, simulation, and design (with a focus on the design of injection molded optical components.
design and prototyping of new materials, surface functionalization, and bio-electrochemical devices.
develops specific systems in the field of scientific instrumentation for space exploration, especially imaging systems.
develops and manufactures high-performance image sensor and camera technologies for the machine vision industry.
brings innovation to optical sensing solutions from handheld scanners to utility metering systems, and more.
In March 2006, Bookham-Oclaro acquired CSEM's start-up Avalon Photonics, a leading provider of single-moand multi-moVertical Cavity Surface Emitting Laser (VCSEL) chips, arrays, and sub-assemblies for sensing and datacom applications. And in 2013, II-Incorporated acquired this Swiss Business Unit of Oclaro Inc.
was a start-up of and Heptagon Oy with offices in Helsinki and Zurich, offering design, prototyping, and manufacture of diffractive optics and micro-optics. Acquisition of Heptagon by ams in 2016.
develops, produces, and sells advanced mechanical surface testing equipment and related services.
In 2005, Semtech Corp. acquired the start-up Xemics SA, a fabless developer of ultra-low-power analog, radio frequency (RF), and digital integrated circuits (IC). Semtech is a leading supplier of high-quality analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products.
In 1996, Photonics acquired Litomask, CSEM's start-up for photomask manufacturing operations. Photonics is the industry leader in the design, development, and production of reticles and photomasks for semiconductor and microelectronic applications.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.By continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
relay between research and industry, our technologies help the Swiss economy remain competitive. Since its creation by the Swiss federal council in 1984, has enjoyed significant political support. In legal terms, the center is a not-for-profit organization.
is a research and technology organization (RTO) and a public–private partnership. We realize our mission of ensuring the competitiveness of Swiss industry by collaborating with our extended network in academia, research, and the economy. This mirrors how our shareholding is distributed. Around one-quarter of the shares are publicly held, either by the domain (Swiss federal institutes of technology and related research bodies), and therefore by the Swiss confederation, or by either the canton or the town of Neuchâtel. The remaining three-quarters are held by leading actors from across Switzerland’s industries and economy. CSEM’s unique relationship with the Swiss confederation, local authorities, and private companies enables us to combine excellence and innovation by fusing technology leadership with our total commitment to customer satisfaction.
The center is governed by a carefully balanced combination of its Board of Directors, its Executive Board, a matrix of its divisional and functional heads, and its Scientific Advisory Board.
The current Board of Directors embodies how functions as a public–private partnership. Board members inclurepresentatives from the fields of watchmaking, medtech, and energy. Key figures from the political milieu also sit on the board. 
The Executive Board supports the in the management of the company. An extended management board oversees the management of divisions and functions. 
CSEM’s Board of Directors appoints the center’s Scientific Advisory Board. The appointment is approved by the presidency of , one of the two Swiss federal institutes of technology. The board is also presided over by a representative of EPFL, currently by Nico Rooij.
The Scientific Advisory Board helps sgeneral directions for applied research. These maximize CSEM’s relevance and the benefits the center creates for industry, today and tomorrow. The board is maup of visionaries and experts from the worlds of industry and academia. This arrangement ensures a productive balance between market-driven, economic goals and the relative freedom of the academic milieu with its highly constructive peer-review process.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.By continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
Members of our extensive network of academic, research, and industrial partners in Switzerland and aboard make vital contributions to our activities. Alliances and partnerships leverage broad research efforts and developments in applied technology.
From large astrophysics projects to developing specific technologies in collaboration with clients in industry, contributes to Switzerland’s international reputation and raises the country’s profile abroad.
As a designer of low-power ASICs is a design partner of TowerJazz —the global specialty foundry/wafer manufacturer strategically focused on RF, high-performance analog, power and imaging solutions. is also a member of —the Global Semiconductor Alliance.
Since its foundation in 1984, has built close and productive relationships with EC-funded bodies, and with academic institutions, other research and technology organizations, and industry partners across the continent. 
CSEM’s close relationship with / Léti in France, Germany’s Fraunhofer Gesellschaft (Mikroelektronische Allianz), and Finland’s is understandable. Each is a government-funded national technology transfer accelerator. But the four organizations have taken their collaboration to the next level, co-founding the Heterogeneous Technology Alliance ( ), guaranteeing the industry partners of each organization access to an even broader range of technological expertise.
and Luger Research have signed a scientific partnership agreement to exchange information and experiences in the field of and solid state lighting – from research, technology and application of and solid state lighting. 
is active in the European Territorial Cooperation program (formerly the initiative), which provides significant support to cross-border and transnational projects. Further partnerships are developed, at home and abroad, through the Franco–Swiss platform (microelectronics and mechatronics).
is an active contributor to the activities of the European Association of Research and Technology Organizations ( ). is also a member of the Association of European Research Establishments in Aeronautics ( )—other members incluin Germany and Onera in France.
We also contribute to other major European platforms and programs, including:
—Electronic components and systems for European leadership. replaces two joint undertakings  (Advanced Research & Technology for Embedded Intelligence & Systems) and (the European Nanoelectronics Initiative Advisory Council).
—European center for micro- and nanoreliability.
Alliance Partner Network —network of design houses working with the Service to offer prototype and small-volume turnkey solutions.
—Joint program dedicated to SMEs active in R&D, co-funded by the European Community and 33 member countries.
aims to be the privileged partner of the two Swiss federal institutes of technology—Lausanne’s and Zurich’s But our mission—knowledge and technology transfer to industry—also leads us to actively seek partnerships beyond these two bodies and other institutes in the domain. These partnerships increasingly involve combining forces with Swiss universities and universities of applied sciences. In this way, adds value by enhancing the creation and exchange of know-how. These relationships also make possible the accelerated industrialization of ideas and research findings.
maintains privileged relationships with the main Swiss research centers— (materials science and technology research) and the Paul Scherrer Institute (natural and engineering sciences).
also works closely on knowledge and technology transfer projects with other national research bodies, including:
The University of Bern’s (on medical devices).
Geneva’s Wyss (on implantable electronics).
Agroscope —the Confederation’s center of excellence for agricultural research (on agriculture and the environment).
Further collaborative projects are ongoing in the medtech field, where partners University Hospital of Bern  (Inselspital) , Geneva University Hospitals ( ), and Lausanne’s , principally regarding clinical validation. Similar collaborative efforts are currently under negotiation, including with the Center, Bern.
National initiatives and thematic networks to which contributes include:
Alliance —promoting collaboration between industry and academia in western Switzerland.
BaselArea.Swiss —Cleantech, ICT, life sciences, medtech, and nanotechnology in northwestern Switzerland.
BioAlps —healthcare and life sciences.
CleanTechAlps —diverse cleantech initiatives.
Cluster précision  / Präzisionscluster —inter-company networking, technology transfer, and higher-level training.
Creapole —medical, micro-, and information and communications technology in the Jura region.
Inartis Network —national thematic network (NTN) for life sciences.
Innovaud — supporting innovation in the Canton of Vaud.
Microcity Pole of Innovation Neuchâtel—offering education, fundamental and applied research, technology transfer, and industrialization strategies.
Micronarc and the Swiss Network —micro- and nanotechnology.
The Swiss Space Center —federating and promoting space activities.
Swissmem —uniting the Swiss mechanical and electrical engineering industry, and associated technology-oriented sectors; member of the Space (SSIG), Aeronautics (SAIG), and Photonics (SPIG) Industry Groups.
Toolpoint  for Lab Science—a vertical integrated cluster, which combines the knowhow and ability of the lab automation industry in Europe.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.By continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
Like the impressive qualifications and extensive industrial experience of our staff, CSEM's range of certifications is a pledge to our clients and partners. Work with and you gonly the best that the world of applied research has to offer.
Our commitment to strict certification programs is like our commitment to continuous training and professional development for all our employees. It illustrates our intention to remain a top research and technology organization—today, tomorrow, and in the future.
has been certified to 14001. More and more clients are discovering the benefits of our willingness to demonstrate environmental commitment to our customers, shareholders, and partners.
has been certified to 9001. Quality Management System (QMS) certification is a clear necessity—especially when doing business in particularly demanding domains such as aerospace and instrumentation.
The Systems Division has been certified to 13485:2012 Medical Devices – Quality Management Systems since 2014. This certification facilitates our collaboration with companies active in the medical sector by ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.By continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
fosters collaboration and innovation by encouraging a positive, dynamic, and supportive working environment, and committing to honesty and equity. practices environmental, economic, and social sustainability—protecting nature and its resources and fostering our human capital.
strives to create and maintain an exceptional working environment. That environment favors openness and creativity, and fosters excellence, competence, and growth. It is founded on values such as trust, equity, respect, tolerance, diversity, and a commitment to honesty and gender equality. And it helps CSEM’s employees strike the ideal work–life balance.
draws its values together into a charter of ethics based on three principals—equal rights and obligations, fair and correct treatment for all, and nurturing a collaborative working environment. Equal rights means, among other things, the right to be treated with respect and the right to make mistakes as long as you learn from them. It also means the right to be treated equally independent of gender, nationality, age, or function. Equal obligations means, among other things, giving our best, and a dedication to teamwork, flexibility, confidentiality, and improvement. It also means attentiveness to customer needs—the customer is always entitled to our fullest attention and commitment.
CSEM’s support for a workplace that promotes collaboration and innovation means encouraging a positive, dynamic, and supportive working environment. It means a dedication to constructive conflict resolution, and the promotion of tolerance and enthusiasm for the job at hand. To work at you need to be ready both to accept responsibility and to show initiative. The rewards are—we believe—outstanding.
Corporate social responsibility—Milestones in sustainable development
practices environmental, economic, and social sustainability. We do this by working on projects that protect nature and its resources, by developing and maintaining partnerships that increase profits and competitive advantage, and by being an entrepreneur that enhances and takes care of its human capital. The technologies develops add value to its industrial clients, helping make those companies themselves better places to work.
CSEM’s dedication to corporate social responsibility is founded on three pillars:
Limiting our impact on the environment ( swissclimate.ch )
regularly implements infrastructure improvements that reduce energy consumption and its environmental impact. We’ve also put in place systems for optimizing accident prevention, for handling dangerous materials, and for recycling and waste management.
In line with our stated values, we’ve introduced a range of measures to reconcile the world of work with the world of family life. These incluencouraging gender equality, and offering a company crèche, job sharing, the option of part-time work for all functions, and teleworking or telecommuting. good work–life balance is the best way to reduce stress and ensure harmony in the workplace. Achieving that balance and ensuring the well-being of all its employees are high priorities for CSEM.
Acting ethically toward society while driving economic growth
At CSEM, we believe sustainable development is the only responsible approach to economic growth and that its importance will only increase as time passes. Our operating model—based on a unique public–private partnership—gives us the flexibility needed to address a broad range of applied research. This is how we face the challenges of tomorrow, pursue our commitment to innovation, and ensure economic stimulus, even in challenging times.
By integrating elements of sustainability into our innovative processes and business strategies, we help our clients gto solutions faster and access new markets.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.By continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
From a mission to innovate to a strategy that delivers.
Mission—Ensuring competitiveness through technology transfer
is a national innovation accelerator—a catalyst for the transfer of technologies and know-how from fundamental research to industry. This role involves four principal tasks:
we develop and maintain technology platforms,
we integrate and combine technologies into workable systems,
we mature those technologies until using them will add value to our industrial clients,
then we support the process of transferring those technologies to industry.
The development of our highly innovative platforms is supported by the Swiss Confederation, by the Cantons of Neuchâtel, Basel Land, and Graubünden, and by the cantons of central Switzerland (Obwalden, Luzern, Nidwalden, Schwyz, Zug, and Uri).
aims to be one of the world’s top innovation centers. We want working with to be the natural choice for every Swiss company seeking to innovate with microtechnologies. We strive to be the ideal workplace for the world’s best engineers and researchers.
The object of our mission—ensuring the competiveness of Swiss industry—is more than simply a nice-to-have. Competitiveness means a manufacturing industry that stays in Switzerland and doesn’t delocalize abroad. It also means developing—and keeping—powerful R&capabilities and world-class engineering prowess in the country. Our broad field of expertise—microtechnology—is a fundamental ingredient of Swiss industry and of the success of Swiss Maand the added value these strategies so obviously create.
Strategy—Making the difference
We position as the foremost national player in the field of technology transfer. In this way, we explore new means of collaborating with academia and the economy, creating conditions favorable for the technology transfer required by the industries of tomorrow:
Leveraging our excellence in integration and multidisciplinary research in the broad field of microtechnology in order to strengthen our differentiation.
Intensifying our collaboration with Swiss academia and Swiss research and technology organizations (RTOs).
Strengthening our position at the European level, with the Heterogeneous Technology Alliance (HTA) as our preferred tool.
The disruptive microtechnology platforms we develop today—strengthening the "Swissness" of products and processes—will, tomorrow, help Swiss industry maintain its leadership, creating wealth and jobs in the process.
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.By continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use of cookies for user-tracking purposes only; i.e. with no commercial intent. Learn more
Vision systems play an essential role in many fields including automation and quality control, machine vision, agriculture and food safety, non-destructive testing, automotive applications, scientific instrumentation, space, and biomedical applications.
CSEM’s wispectrum of available technologies and expertise encompasses all of the key elements required to build and integrate a complete vision solution, including high-performance imaging sensors (high-speed line and area sensors), optical encoders for metrology, machine learning and classification algorithms, and stand-alone, miniature, smart vision systems.
CSEM’s focus is on developing vision systems that are in line with industrial requirements such as ultra-low power, high speed, high-dynamic range, compact and highly integrated. We are actively working on imagers sensitive not only to visible light, but also X-rays and THz spectra, along with new multi-spectral capabilities. Our metrology systems offer best-in-class performance in terms of precision, speed and robustness to harsh environments. Finally, the classification systems offer high-recognition rates, compactness, along with embedded state-of-the-art algorithms.
Contactless Vision-based Technology for Heart and Respiration Rates Estimation
Classification > Efficient delineation of curvilinear networks from biological images
Classification > Vision system for tracing filamentous networks
ECAM-Image Sensor with Stacked a-Si:Photodiodes
FastEye - 1 High-speed Camera with Multiple running at up to 64'000 fps
Illumination for a Laser Profilometry System Targeting Fast Moving Objects
Imaging > IcyCAM, a system-on-chip for vision applications
Metrology > System-on-chip for nanometric-range, high-speed optical positioning measurement
Real-time Face Detection and Recognition on the Vision-In-Package System
Vision-In-Package: The all-in-one vision system
An Integrated Circuit for Future X-ray Imaging Detectors based on a Ge Pillars Absorption Layer
Classification > Feature selection in support vector machines for cars and pedestrian detection
Classification > Vision system for anti-counterfeiting: Banknotes feature recognition
Compact and Flexible Tracking System for Total Knee Replacement Surgery
imagers - Ultra-low power high dynamic range image sensor
Image Sensor with Stacked PhotodioImaging > QuadLine: ultra high-speed optical sensor
Metrology > HearRestore: Nanotracking for image-guided microsurgery
Metrology > Towards the industrialization of the SunTracker
Thank you for contacting us, we will give you a feedback as soon as possible.
Sorry, there was an error with the contact form.