began in 1958 as a single filter production line developed by Engine Company to meet the high performance requirements of diesel engines. Then known as the Seymour Filter Company, the facility was located in Seymour, near the headquarters in Columbus, Indiana. Production in those early years consisted of two employees sewing together cloth-bag lube-oil filters. In 1963, the company changed its name to Fleetguard, the brand that became the cornerstone for the diesel engine industry. In 2006, the company name was again changed to Filtration, though our products still bear the Fleetguard name to stand strong in the global aftermarket. Nearly sixty years after the first bag filters were sewn, is the technology leader in products for heavy-duty diesel engines with a global presence on six continents and over 4,000 employees.
From the very beginning of our company, has led the industry with innovative products designed to increase vehicle uptime, optimize engine performance, reduce environmental impact and provide longer life for equipment to protect the owner's investment. Today, holds over 200 active global patents for product technology and we continue to push the envelope of design and performance. Through the years, has won industry and customer awards for our product technology, including advancements such as our proprietary NanoNet
 StrataPore® medias, advanced Venturi nozzle design on lube systems, patented Spiratec™ technology which has taken centrifugal efficiency to new levels, and our complete line of open and closed crankcase ventilation systems which have helped major OEMs meet ever-increasingly tough emission regulations.
As a member of the Inc. family of businesses, proudly strives to uphold our corporate Vision and Mission statements while exhibiting the Company's Values in our everyday tasks:
Making people's lives better by unleashing the Power of Cummins.
Exceeding customer expectations by always being first to market with the best products.
Partnering with our customers to make sure that they succeed.
Demanding that everything we do leads to a cleaner, healthier, safer environment.
Creating wealth for all stakeholders.
 Strive to do what is right and do what we say we will do.
 Apply the creative ingenuity necessary to make us better, faster, first.
 Serve and improve the communities in which we live.
. Embrace the diverse perspectives of all people and honor with both dignity and respect.
 Seek a world view and act without boundaries.
Inc. is a wholly owned business unit of Inc. and the world's leading designer and manufacturer of air, fuel, hydraulic and lube filtration, and chemicals technology products for all engine-powered equipment. cares about maintaining a cleaner, healthier, and safer environment. Going beyond compliance, proactively seeks improvements to products and processes and offers environmentally friendlier product choices for all major engine systems.
