CEI, established in 1964, is a globally recognized manufacturer of top quality mica paper capacitors and tailored high-voltage assemblies. Our products are widely used throughout the military, commercial and industrial markets. Our outstanding workmanship and quality standards have made our name synonymous with the terms dependability, reliability and high-performance.
We design, manufacture, and support a wide variety of specialized, reliable, high-quality capacitors and electronic assemblies for the global commercial, medical, and defense markets. We will deliver these products at competitive prices with superior customer service.
is proud that our customers have recognized us as a "Top Manufacturer" on many occasions s1964. We continue to earn this recognition because of our better than expected:
has professionals in a variety of disciplines.
Our engineers assure the best possible designs based upon the latest technological developments in materials, processes, and packaging. They interface with our customer's mechanical and electrical design personnel and produce optimum capacitor designs in minimum response time.
Our quality experts are involved in all stages of new product development to ensure delivery of the industry's finest products. This includes grading mica-paper, initial inspection of all incoming materials, and final inspection of finished parts.
Our testing professionals perform 100% inspection for capacitance, dissipation factor, and dielectric-withstanding voltage on both capacitor sections and finished parts. They also carry out insulation-resistance, and corona, burn-in, life-test, X-ray, and thermal-shock tests, if required.
Our research-and-development technicians constantly strive to develop materials and processes to meet the ever-evolving demands of high-voltage electronics. They continuously evaluate new and old materials, processes, techniques, and equipment, as well as create and evaluate new capacitor designs.
Michael Pentaris (President and Chief Executive Officer)
An accomplished business leader with a proven track record of engineering business turnarounds and improving profitability, Michael is focused on increasing sales and establishing market leadership for CEI.
Michael has earned a reputation of being an effective negotiator with the ability to mobilize private and government investment sources. Upon joining CEI, he reorganized the company and introduced lean manufacturing methodologies, as well as established a business development department to focus on new products to fuel company growth.
He has both a bachelor’s degree in science and a master’s degree from Binghamton University.
Sjoining in 2007, Jonathan has implemented principles, squarely focusing the company’s efforts on specifying value for the customer and streamlining the manufacturing process.
Jonathan’s two decades of work in the field of creative arts production provides him with a solid background for employee management and group wellness within the community. As liaison to CEI’s human resources department, Jonathan strives to ensure quality of workplace while encouraging open communication. He also serves as CEI’s compliance officer for all military exports, and is responsible for ensuring strict compliance to ITAR, and other government agencies.
Fred brings over thirty-five years of progressive leadership, team building and operational planning experience.  With a unique background in multi-national, multi-service, and multi-agency operations he has an unusual, proven and very effective approach to organizational structuring, planning and decision making.  In addition to his extensive experience in multifaceted expeditionary operations, he brings nearly a decade of experience in Consequence Management, Special Operations, Humanitarian Assistance, and Disaster Relief Operations.  It was his vision and entrepreneurial spirit that lead to the inception of V2, the V2 iBMS™ and our unique systems-based solution designs.  Fred is a retired United States Marine having served 22 years as an Infantry Officer.
Fred has a Bachelor’s Degree in English from The Citadel and an Australian Graduate Diploma in Management Studies from the Australian Command and Staff College.
Carol Brower (Vice President of Operations)
Carol has been with for over two decades where she previously held the position of Materials and Logistics Manager. In her role as Vice President, Carol interfaces between senior leadership, business teams, and other stakeholders. She has expertise in planning, coordinating, and leading simultaneous projects to optimize productivity, efficiency, and resources to meet deadlines, budgets, and performance goals.
In 2007, created Ioxus, an Ultracapacitor manufacturer in which she was instrumental in the setup of the new infrastructure including the supply chain, equipment acquisition and transport. Sthen she has directed the acquisition of two additional businesses. Carol led the implementation and conversion to a new system allowing for more streamlined processes focused around improving on-time delivery and material requisitions.  She continues to be instrumental in leading & and business partnerships with both industry and academia.
Michael Schulte (Sales Manager)
Michael has served the sales effort at s1985. During that time, he has been the sales and project leader for nearly all of CEI’s major customer accounts and programs, and he now directs the outside sales representatives program as well.  During his time at CEI, Michael has been instrumental in further extending CEI’s reach in key markets, including military, aviation and oil and gas exploration.
Throughout Michael's career he has been bringing his deep knowledge of needs to customers across various industries to the product development process. He works directly with engineers on design efforts and with manufacturing staff for production efforts.
Michael has a bachelor’s degree in business administration from the State University of New York, Albany.
Sjoining the Company in 2006, Frank’s diverse experience in many facets of organizational functions has helped propel CEI’s growth. In 2008, he was a key player in obtaining the coveted AS9100 Aerospace Quality Management System certification.
Over the past decade, Frank has helped to ensure the successful completion of many projects spanning both the commercial and military industries. With a keen eye for attention to detail, he continues to promote and advocate quality achievement and performance improvements across the company.
Frank has a bachelor’s degree in Nuclear Engineering Technology from Excelsior College.
CEI, established in 1964, is a globally recognized manufacturer of top quality mica paper capacitors and tailored high-voltage assemblies. Our products are widely used throughout the military, commercial and industrial markets. Our outstanding workmanship and quality standards have made our name synonymous with the terms dependability, reliability and high-performance.
We design, manufacture, and support a wide variety of specialized, reliable, high-quality capacitors and electronic assemblies for the global commercial, medical, and defense markets. We will deliver these products at competitive prices with superior customer service.
is proud that our customers have recognized us as a "Top Manufacturer" on many occasions s1964. We continue to earn this recognition because of our better than expected:
has professionals in a variety of disciplines.
Our engineers assure the best possible designs based upon the latest technological developments in materials, processes, and packaging. They interface with our customer's mechanical and electrical design personnel and produce optimum capacitor designs in minimum response time.
Our quality experts are involved in all stages of new product development to ensure delivery of the industry's finest products. This includes grading mica-paper, initial inspection of all incoming materials, and final inspection of finished parts.
Our testing professionals perform 100% inspection for capacitance, dissipation factor, and dielectric-withstanding voltage on both capacitor sections and finished parts. They also carry out insulation-resistance, and corona, burn-in, life-test, X-ray, and thermal-shock tests, if required.
Our research-and-development technicians constantly strive to develop materials and processes to meet the ever-evolving demands of high-voltage electronics. They continuously evaluate new and old materials, processes, techniques, and equipment, as well as create and evaluate new capacitor designs.
Email LoginFred brings over thirty-five years of progressive leadership, team building and operational planning experience.  Fred has a unique background in multi-national, multi-service, and multi-agency operations that provide him with an unusual and very effective approach to organizational structuring, planning and decision-making.  He has extensive experience in multifaceted, expeditionary operations with seven plus years’ experience in Consequence Management, Humanitarian Assistance, and Disaster Relief Operations.  It was his vision and entrepreneurial spirit that lead to the development of the V2 i Fred is a retired United States Marine having served 22 years as an Infantry Officer.
Joe is a former Navy pilot, with extensive operations management and leadership skills spanning over three decades.  He has significant project and contract management experience with the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and Energy (limited to nuclear environmental issues), the State of California, foreign military (Australia, Canada, Israel, India), and major Department of Defense contractors. Joe’s expertise includes, but is not limited to:  public safety, security, surveillance, operations, logistics, maintenance, environmental restoration and compliance.  Joe served in the United States Navy for 24 years.
Daniel's global project expertise includes office facilities, resort and hospitality facilities, government agency facilities, cultural - museum facilities, educational facilities, sustainable improvements to historical restorations, National Register facilities rehabilitation, Landmark facilities rehabilitation, as well as utility infrastructure operational facilities.  Daniel has been active in Green Building for over 20 years, a commitment that includes his current roles as member of USGBC’s Water Efficiency Technical Advisory Group, Waterbuild 2016 Summit presenter and program team member, Greenbuild 2016 Host Committee team, Director and Governance Chair, Las Vegas Valley Collaborative Collaborative Founder and Chair. Additionally, Daniel has served as a Technical Subject Matter Expert to the Department of the Interior s2009.
Over twenty five years of experience in the design, programming, prototyping, testing and repair of microprocessor, logic and linear circuit boards.  He has extensive experience in hardware and software engineering, soldering both through-hole and circuit boards, prototyping enclosures and wiring, layout and drafting of Schematics and Printed Circuit Boards using Eagle, Orcad, and software and mechanical drafting techniques with Auto Ron has developed patented technology for inverters and traction motor designs, built a proprietary 50to inverter, designed and managed the development of a new electric drive system that increases mileage of an electric or hybrid drive vehicle by 50%, and received 3 patents for a Space-Vector Pulse Width Modulation algorithm for this prototype vehicle conversion.
We offer customizable capacitor packages and sub-assemblies with a variety of terminations, mounting and encapsulating options to meet your design requirements.
In response to the growing world-wide demand for efficient power management, has expanded its product offerings to include a full line of metallized film capacitors and customized bus bar solutions.
Our Power Systems Division specializes in the manufacture of insulated bus bars, bus bar assemblies and integrated energy storage solutions.
S1964, Electronics, (CEI) has been your premier source for high-voltage mica capacitors and integrated electronic sub-assemblies. Serving the military, industrial and commercial markets sits inception, Customs’ track record of outstanding workmanship and quality has made their name synonymous with the terms dependability, reliability and high-performance. 
In response to the growing world-wide demand for efficient power management, has expanded its capabilities with the introduction of metallized polypropylene film capacitors and the Power Systems Division. Whether you need a capacitor, bus bar or a combination of both let do what they do best; engineer results!
