We are a world leader in highly-engineered solutions for improving the efficiency, performance, and sustainability of powered vehicles and machinery. We support the passenger vehicle, commercial truck, and off-highway markets, as well as applications for industrial and stationary equipment.
We have been innovating in the electrification space for more than 20 years, acquiring critical expertise, resources, and technologies that allow us to partner with and support our partners throughout their electrification transformation – anywhere in the world.  Today, is the only vehicle supplier with full e-Propulsion design, engineering, and manufacturing capabilities – offering electro-mechanical propulsion solutions to each of its end markets.
We may be known for our advanced engineering capabilities and our commitment to continued excellence, but we know it is all due to the more than 30,000 people that are proud to #WorkAtDana. Do you want to be part of something great? 
Acquires Group, Enhances Electromobility Capabilities and Global Reach. Read more >
is a world leader in highly engineered solutions for improving the efficiency, performance, and sustainability of powered vehicles and machinery.  supports the passenger vehicle, commercial truck, and off-highway markets, as well as industrial and stationary equipment applications.  Our position in the market has been built on some of the strongest product brands in the industry, all working to further Dana’s longstanding legacy in innovation performance, durability, quality, and after-sales service.
For more than a century, the Spicer name has been built on a legacy of success with trusted drivetrain solutions for cars, commercial vehicles, off-highway machines, military vehicles, and those adapted for high-performance applications. Manufactured in facilities around the world, every Spicer part is designed and produced to the same exacting standards as specified by manufacturers, ensuring that vehicles continue to operate at peak performance levels.
Victor Reinz® Sealing Products and Gaskets
Victor Reinz stands in the market today as one of the world’s most trusted and reliable brands for high-performance powertrain sealing systems. As an manufacturer and replacement part supplier for more than 90 years, nearly all the familiar brands and models of automobile manufacturers worldwide are equipped with Victor Reinz brand professional sealing solutions in the areas of engines, transmissions, and exhaust.
Learn more about Victor Reinz sealing products and gaskets.
Long® Thermal-Management Products
Since the birth of the automobile in the late 1800s, the Long brand has represented innovation, quality, and reliability in vehicle thermal-management solutions, optimizing operating temperature in the wide range of liquids and gases that are prevalent in modern vehicle powertrains. Many Long thermal-management products utilize proprietary technologies to capture and use otherwise wasted energy, improving fuel economy and reducing emissions.
Brevini brand products include fluid-power solutions such as axial piston, gear pumps and orbital motors; cetop, proportional, cartridge, and modular valves; hydraulic valves, joysticks and electronic modules; standard and customized mini hydraulic powerpacks; electronics including sensors and load cells; and hydraulic circuits for industrial and mobile applications. Plus, Brevini power-transmission expertise extends to the design and manufacture of high-efficiency technologies with planetary and helical gear units, gear motors, and winches, along with S-Series planetary gearboxes and E-Series power transmissions. Brevini advances support applications including on- and offshore equipment, green technologies, mining, heavy industries, and earthmoving.
VariGlide planetary variator technology – Dana's innovative concept for the light-vehicle market – can revolutionize traditional transmissions. Featuring a unique planetary configuration in concert with conventional gearing, VariGlide technology helps OEMs meet future fuel efficiency targets and emissions regulations in a variety of light vehicles. Incorporated into the existing packaging space of a standard automatic transmission, VariGlide technology is an enhanced alternative to dual clutch transmissions, multi-speed automatics, and conventional belt CVTs.
44 and 60 brand axles are arguably the best known and most trusted axle solutions among off-roading enthusiasts worldwide. The products are used and abused across some of the most hostile terrains known to mankind. Indeed, the name has become so iconic, that it is today used by several sport-utility and other off-road vehicle manufacturers as a key ingredient brand in their own marketing of new vehicles to end customers.
Glaser® Sealing Parts
As an international replacement part brand for engine gaskets, Glaser has produced sealing systems for specific engine repairs for cars, trucks, agricultural and construction machinery, marine and industrial engines for the past 40 years. All parts in this comprehensive product range meet the high standards of quality, making Glaser a highly regarded brand worldwide.
GWB® Driveshafts for Industrial Applications
Since 1946, Dana’s brand driveshafts have been recognized as the global standard for technical innovation, quality, and performance for industrial applications. With manufacturing operations in Germany supported by Dana’s global network of R&D, distribution, and aftermarket operations, driveshafts are built on a deep, long-term understanding of applications in the steel, rail, marine, paper, and recycling industries.
Tru-Cool is a trusted range of after-fit transmission coolers intended to enhance vehicle performance, particularly in harsh environments or duty cycles such as heavy trailer towing.
Albarus Aftermarket Products - Brazil
For more than 70 years the Albarus brand has been a trusted name in the Brazilian aftermarket, combining tradition and reliability for car, truck and bus parts, provided by another brand that can be trusted - Dana. 
Learn more about Albarus products and components.1904
Clarence Spicer starts his company on April 1, based on his patented invention of the encased universal joint, in Plainfield, New Jersey.
The first Spicer "U-joints" are shipped to Corbin Motor Company in Connecticut.
Customer roster grows to include Buick Motor Co., Olds Motor Works, Mack Bros. Motor Co. (later Mack Trucks), Kelly-Springfield Motor Truck Co., and American Motors.
Clarence Spicer's business changes its name to Spicer Manufacturing Company.
Attorney Charles purchases a controlling interest in Spicer Manufacturing Company. Decades later, in 1955, he says, "don't know what would have happened if hadn't gone into the Spicer company. Mr. Spicer had a joint that was really wanted by car and truck manufacturers. If it had gone off the market, sometimes wonder what would have happened to the automotive industry."
With an eye on growth beyond universal joints and propeller shafts, Charles completes three big acquisitions of frame, transmission, and axle manufacturers. One of these companies, Salisbury Axle, later becomes the Spicer Axle Division of Dana.
Profits rise considerably due to increased production of automobiles priced under $1,000 and truck demand by the government.
Spicer relocates its headquarters and most operations to Toledo, Ohio, closer to Detroit, the center of the automotive world.
The Great Depression and lower vehicle production volumes hit Spicer's sales and earnings. The company returns to profitability in 1933.
Clarence Spicer's last of 40 and French patents is issued Dec. 20, less than a year before he dies.
Sales of cars, trucks, and buses hit their lowest point in the Depression era, but Spicer remains profitable.
As the begins war mobilization, the company retools for production of military vehicles and other war materials throughout WWII.
Spicer Manufacturing is renamed in recognition of Charles Dana's 32 years of leadership. Spicer becomes the brand name for the company's driveline products.
New York Times declares Dana's Powr-Lok® differential to be "among the more significant engineering improvements" in automotive history.
Company introduces the first cruise control on 1958 Chrysler models. 
Expands business to the heavy truck, off-highway, and farm equipment markets.
Global operations are now located in Argentina, Mexico, Japan, Sweden, South Africa, and Spain.
"Spicer Search" contest seeks the company's oldest transmission still in operation. 1919 Model 50 Brown-Lipe transmission, still in service on a truck, takes the grand prize.
acquires the Victor Gasket Manufacturing Company.
Charles retires as Chairman and after 53 years of continuous service.
conducts experiments of driveline concepts for electrical vehicles, decades before the production of hybrid and electric cars.
1970 - 1979
Charles is inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame.
rapidly grows in the fields of electronic, mechanical, and fluid power.
1990 - 1999
acquires the Reinz Company and forms the new Victor Reinz brand for its gaskets, sealing products, and heat shields.
Clarence Spicer is inducted into the Automotive Hall of Fame.
has 3,500 employees in Asia; business with Japanese manufacturers alone grows to $240 million.
acquires Plumley Rubber Company in Paris, Tennessee, to bolster its sealing products portfolio.
makes its largest acquisition in company history, buying Clark-Hurth Components from Ingersoll-Rand to create the Off-Highway Components Group.
Spicer Driveshaft Division wins the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award.
receives the Ford Motor Company Citizenship Award in recognition of its minority-development efforts, community support, and environmental initiatives. 
Ford honors with a World Excellence Award as one of the company's top suppliers for 2002.
Volvo honors with the Award of Excellence.
honors as a 2002 Supplier of the Year for its fuel cell technology.
180,000-square-foot engineering center opens in Toledo, Ohio.
extends its leadership position in the commercial vehicle driveline market with a 50-percent stake in Dongfeng Axle Co., Ltd., its joint venture in China
Completes strategic agreement with S.A., making the leading supplier of complete drivelines in South America
introduces Spicer® Pro-40™ tandem drive axles with reduced weight (100 pounds) and improved power density for heavy trucks
Partners with Bosch Rexroth to develop a hydromechanical variable transmission to reduce fuel consumption in off-highway vehicles by as much as 20 percent
Honored with Frost & Sullivan Best Practice Award for Technology Innovation for the proprietary process behind Spicer® Diamond™ Series driveshafts®
and Ford are honored with the Automotive News Innovative Partnership Award for bringing the marketplace a thermal technology that improves fuel efficiency by up to 4 percent
The China Technical Center, a 129,000-square-foot facility in Wuxi, Jiangsu Provence, China, opens.
Named to Forbes' List of America's 100 Most Trustworthy Companies for 2014.
and Audi are awarded a 2015 Automotive news Pace Innovation Partnership Award for developing Victor Reinz partially coated multi-layer steel valve body separator plates
opens its 16th technology center in Cedar Park, Texas and the Spicer Thailand gear manufacturing facility
James Kamsickas named President and CEO
Holding to Change Name to Incorporated
Named to Forbes' List of America's 100 Most Trustworthy Companies for 2016
Completed acquisition of Brevini Group, S.p.power transmission and fluid power businesses for off-highway applications
Breaks Ground on New Gear Manufacturing Facility in Europe
inaugurates new Toledo, Ohio production facility, once home to the original Jeep® Plant
Earns Automotive News Award for Multi-layer Steel Transmission Pump Gasket
opens its 16th Chinese facility in Yancheng, producing thermal-management and new-energy solutions
and Hydro-Quebec announce strategic joint venture, positioning as a leader in power generation and conveyance for electrified vehicles
In 1904, an engineering student named Clarence Spicer left Cornell University to launch a new business in the vacant corner of a New Jersey factory.
While still a student, Spicer had earned a patent for his groundbreaking design of the first practical universal joint to power an automobile.  Spicer’s innovation would quite literally unchain the automobile, which had previously relied on chain-and-sprocket drives to transmit power.  But at its outset, his new venture was a decidedly bold step.
talented engineer and inventor, Spicer had neither business nor manufacturing experience.  And although the automobile was destined to become a global institution, its future was still far from certain at the turn of the 20th century.
It was from these uncertain beginnings that Incorporated emerged as one of the world’s most influential automotive suppliers.  Founded on Spicer’s designs, and fueled by the business acumen of attorney, politician, and financier Charles Dana, the company proceeded to expand its product array, technological expertise, and geographic scope throughout the century.  Along the way, Incorporated also fostered a progressive, people-oriented culture that has added a unique dimension to the products and services the company provides.
Building on these strengths, Incorporated products have helped to drive history’s greatest vehicles – from the Model and the World War II-era Jeep®, to London taxicabs, 18-wheel rigs, giant earth-moving machines, and every car on the NASCAR® racing circuit.
As Incorporated embarks on its second century, it continues to build on this proud heritage.  people continue their passionate pursuit of innovation.  And the company continues to deliver on its commitment to advancing the science of mobility for the benefit of its global customers.Effective Date:  June 23, 2016
Please review our Privacy Notice  here  for details about the information practices associated with this Site.
The Site, including but not limited to text, design, graphics, logos, icons, images, photography, downloads, interfaces, code, software, products, features and tools, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof and all intellectual property associated with the foregoing, but specifically excluding content provided by any third parties (collectively, the “Content”), is the property of or its licensors.  Upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use, grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, revocable license to access, use, copy, download and print the Content for your personal and non-commercial informational use only, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice that appears on the Content.  Any other use of the Site or any Content, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, performance, broadcast, publication, licensing, reverse engineering or resale of, or the creation of derivative works from the Site or any Content, is expressly prohibited, unless you obtain the prior written consent of Dana.  You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the Site as they may be updated from time to time.  may revoke this limited license at any time for any or no reason.  All rights not expressly granted are reserved by and its licensors.   You will not: (i) use any hardware or software intended to damage or interfere with the proper working of the Site; (ii) surreptitiously intercept any system, data or personal information from the Site; or (iii) interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Site in any way.  reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to limit or terminate your access to or use of the Site, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.  Termination of your access or use will not waive or affect any other right or relief to which may be entitled at law or in equity.
The Site may contain links to other websites, some of which may be operated by and others of which may be operated or controlled by third parties (“Third Party Sites”).  These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein.  The inclusion of links to Third Party Sites is not, and should not be viewed, as an endorsement by of the Third Party Site or any content therein.  Different terms and conditions apply to your use of Third Party Sites.  SITES,  SITES,  
SITE, CONTENT,  "IS" "AVAILABLE"    
LAW, KIND, IMPLIED, MATTER, TO:  (I) MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY, PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, DEALING;  (II) DATA, CONTENT, SERVICE, SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, DELIVERABLE, SITE, FOREGOING; (III) TRUE, COMPLETE, ACCURATE, NON-TIMELY; (IV)  FURTHER, REPRESENT, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR- LAW, SITE, RISK, MATERIALS.
LAW, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, (DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, (PROFITS, USE) SITE, IT, SITE, CONTRACT, (NEGLIGENCE), OTHERWISE, (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”).  PROVIDERS, DEFAMATORY,  LAW,  
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Dana, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, service providers,  successors and assigns from and against any claims, judgments, awards, losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, costs, fines, penalties and fees (including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees and court costs) (collectively, “Losses”) arising out of or relating to (i) your use of the Site or its Content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use; or (ii) claims arising from your fraud, intentional misconduct, criminal acts or gross negligence.  If you cause a technical disruption of the Site or the systems transmitting the Site to you or others, you agree to be responsible for any and all Losses arising or resulting from that disruption.  
Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
The laws of the State of [Ohio] govern these Terms of Use and your use of the Site, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.  To the maximum extent permitted by law, you irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of [Ohio] for any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use. 
Although the Site is designed for operation within the U.S., we recognize that it may be possible for you to obtain access to the Site from jurisdictions outside the U.S., and that we may not have the practical ability to prevent such access.  LAW,  U.S., LAWS.
No Exporting
reserves the right in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these Terms of Use, in whole or in part, at any time, by posting revised terms on this Site.  It is your responsibility to check for any changes we make to these Terms of Use each time you use the Site or any portion thereof.  Revised terms will take effect five days after their publication on the Site and will apply only on a going-forward basis.  Your continued use of the Site after that point signifies that you accept the changes.
These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted on the Site constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and with respect to the subject matter thereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between the parties with respect to such subject matter.  
Waiver and Severability
No waiver by of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall constitute a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
At its option, may seek all remedies available to it in these Terms of Use, under law and in equity, including injunctive relief in the form of specific performance to enforce these Terms of Use and any additional instructions, guidelines or policies issued by (including those posted on the Site).  
You also may write to us at:
Incorporated Effective Date:  May 24, 2018
Incorporated (“Dana”) respects your concerns about privacy.  This Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on our website, www.dana.com (the “Site”), how we may use the information and with whom we may share it.  This notice also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information and how users can contact us about our privacy practices.  This Privacy Notice does not apply to the Careers pages of our website, which are subject to their own privacy notice that can be found here .
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
Information We Obtain
Contact information (such as name, telephone number, postal address and email address)
Other personal information contained in content you choose to submit on the Site (such as information submitted in a Contact Us form) 
In addition, when you visit the Site, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons.  The information collected in this manner may include addresses, operating systems type, browser type, domain and other system settings.  
“cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.  “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server.  Through these automated collection methods, we obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website.  As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored.  Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.  Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our website.  Our Site is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Site, such as those of Google Analytics.  These services help us analyze how users use the Site.  The information collected for this purpose (including your address and other information collected by automated means) will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers.  To learn about opting out of Google Analytics, you may visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .  
The providers of other third-party plug-ins on our Sites, such as social sharing tools, may use automated means to collect information regarding your use of the Sites and your interactions with the plug-ins.  This information is subject to the privacy policies or notices of the plug-in providers and is not subject to this Online Privacy Notice.  We are not responsible for these providers’ information practices.   
How We Use The Information We Obtain
Respond to, process and communicate with you about your requests, inquiries and comments
Send you news updates, promotional materials and other communications 
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including enhancing and improving our services; managing our communications; performing data analytics; and performing other internal functions) 
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities 
Comply with applicable legal requirements, industry standards and our own policies and terms.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.  
We may use information obtained online through cookies, web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our visitors’ visits to the Site, (ii) delivering content (including advertising) tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse the Site, and (iii) understanding the manner in which our visitors browse the Site.  We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, to administer the Site, to identify visitors to the Site and to gather demographic information about our visitors.  We use clickstream data to determine how much time visitors spend on web pages of the Site, how visitors navigate through the Site, and how we may tailor the Site to better meet the needs of our visitors.
On the Site, may collect information about your online activities for use in providing you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests.  This section of the Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to exercise your choices.
You may see certain ads on other websites because participates in advertising networks.  Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means.  These networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons.  The networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our ad networks may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites.  This data collection takes place both on the Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks.  This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.  To learn about how to opt out of this ad network interest-based advertising,  click here . 
Sharing of Information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Notice.  We may share your personal information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions.  We also may share the personal information we obtain with our subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures.   
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.  We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).  
Your Options
You may contact us as described in the “How To Contact Us” section of this Privacy Notice to ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists/update your preferences or submit a request.   
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.  
For Residents of the European Economic Area
to access your personal data as well as to collect a copy of such personal data (right of access);
to have inaccurate personal data rectified and, taking into account the purpose of the processing, supplement incomplete Personal Data concerning you (right of rectification); 
to have your personal data erased to the extent permitted by applicable data protection law (right to erasure; "right to be forgotten");
to restrict processing of your personal data to the extent permitted by law (right to restriction of processing); and
to receive personal data which you have provided to in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such personal data to another controller without restriction by and, where technically feasible, to have such data transmitted directly from to another controller to the extent permitted by law (right to data portability).  
Further, according to applicable statutory data protection laws, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data to the extent permitted by law. If your personal data were to be processed by us for direct marketing purposes you can object to the processing for the purpose of such marketing in any case (right to object).
Where you have given your consent for the processing of your personal data you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before it has been withdrawn.
In order to exercise your rights, you may use the contact details set out below under “How to Contact US”. In addition and without prejudice to any other rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.   
We encourage you to contact us at the contact information set forth below to update or correct your personal data if it changes or if the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate.
Please note that we may require additional information from you in order to honor your requests.
If you would like to discuss or exercise any rights you may have under law, please contact us at the contact information set forth below under “How to Contact US”.  We are represented in the by Investment GmbH, Reinzstrasse 3-7, 89233 Neu Ulm, Germany.  
You also may write to us at:
IncorporatedWith the vision of being the global technology leader in efficient power conveyance and energy management solutions, we are looking for talented people. 
We tell our customers and shareholders that Dana’s global network of manufacturing, engineering, office, and distribution facilities is a competitive advantage.  The “bricks and mortar” means we are close to our customers and ready to support their needs.  What makes those facilities perform and keep customers satisfied, though, are the talented people we employ.  
We appreciate your interest in employment at Dana.  We have a lot to offer in many different types of careers around the world.  offers a competitive and comprehensive benefits package to our employees globally and will vary based on location and responsibilities. 
Diversity and Inclusion 
Part of what makes unique is our global footprint. 
We are a global leader.
Here at Dana, through our graduate and paid Intern/Co-op programs 
Note: The safety and security of your personal information is very important to us. Because of this, applications for open positions are only accepted through Dana.com and our and International career portals. Our hiring policy requires an in-person interview and we never ask for any personal banking information as part of the interview process.leader in efficient power conveyance
and energy-management solutions that
sustainability objectives.
is a leading supplier of traditional and electrified light-vehicle driveline technologies, including complete drivetrain systems and components for passenger cars, crossovers, SUVs, vans, and light trucks, works collaboratively with original-equipment manufacturers and the aftermarket to deliver axles, Spicer® propshafts, and other driveline components with best-in-class efficiency.
Commercial Vehicle Driveline Technologies
is one of the world's premier providers of drivetrain and tire-pressure management systems as well as genuine service parts, for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles. Our cutting-edge Spicer® innovations increase fuel efficiency and decreases weight while reducing maintenance and total cost of ownership.
delivers fully optimized Spicer® drivetrain systems and individual product solutions to mobile off-highway customers in construction, agriculture, material-handling, and underground mining markets, as well as Brevini® motion systems for associated machine working functions and stationary industry equipment. We bring our global expertise to the local level with technologies customized to individual requirements through a network of strategically located technology centers, manufacturing locations and distribution facilities.
Power TechnologiesStandards of Business Conduct – an obligation and a mission.
All employees at Incorporated – from our officers and directors to every individual at any of our operations around the world – hold themselves to the highest standards of business conduct.  We are both obligated and committed to always conducting business in a legal, ethical, and responsible manner, with a respect for human rights, just as we expect our employees to work together with mutual respect and in a spirit of collaboration.
We simply don’t compromise when it comes to conducting business with integrity and honesty.  Thereby we can ensure that all our dealings are in compliance with all applicable legal requirements.
As a global company, we’ve translated versions of Dana’s Standards of Business Conduct into many languages, which is a required reading for all employees.  These standards are the fundamental principles that guide all of us at Dana.Suppliers
Doing Business with Supplier Diversity
 is Dana’s internal network for managing existing and sourcing potential suppliers. It also serves as the communication line for procurement and suppliers.
In order for your company to be considered as a prospective supplier to Dana, you must register through this portal.
Please note: Registration in Dana1Source does not certify a supplier as an approved, qualified or authorized supplier; guarantee award of a contract; obligate to solicit a request for quotation; or indicate that your company will be considered to bid on procurement opportunities.
Commercial Vehicles
Aftermarket
