Antimicrobials and Fermentates
Our Deep Application Knowledge and Bio-based Portfolio makes Food Delicious, Nutritious, Safe and Accessible 
With our Industry-Leading Probiotics and Microbiome Science Capabilities: We Can Revolutionize Health & Wellness
Combining Strengths and Expanding Solutions Together to Create one of the Broadest Oral Dosage Excipient Portfolios  
Backed by strong consumer and market insights, deep knowledge and science, and one of the broadest portfolios in the industry, we passionately solve any challenge for our customers.
We are a community of solvers collaborating with customers to turn
We stay on top of evolving tastes and trends with consumer research
We apply our knowledge of our customers and market-driven science and
  innovation to enable solutions for the food & beverage, dietary
New Study Findings Show Mixture of DuPont Probiotic Strains and Lactoferrin Reduces Common Cause of Vaginal Discomfort
Research Shows Potential Impact of Betaine on Fat Metabolism
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
Antimicrobials and Fermentates
  Products Division, combines in-depth knowledge with current research
  and expert science to deliver unmatched value to the food and health
Find addresses and contact details for our sites.
Backed by strong consumer and market insights, deep knowledge and
  science, and one of the broadest portfolios in the industry, we
  passionately solve any challenge for our customers. 
DuPont has been bringing world-class science
    and engineering to the global marketplace in the form of innovative
    Health and see our event calendar, to stay up to date with the
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
Contact Loading....DuPont Nutrition & Health, a business unit of DowDuPont Specialty Products Division, combines in-depth knowledge with current research and expert science to deliver unmatched value to the food and health industries. We are a market leader in the food and beverage, dietary supplements and pharma excipients segments.
With more than 8000 employees working at locations around the world, we combine a global approach with local market capabilities and knowledge, creating market-specific solutions for all types of customers.
We are an innovation leader, drawing on a strong science foundation, deep consumer insights and one of the broadest product portfolios in the market to help our customers turn challenges into high-value business opportunities.
In 2017, we reported a revenue of $4.4
Yes, would like to receive email communication from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
DuPont cares about your privacy. Your personal information (name, email, phone number and other contact data) will be stored in chosen customer systems primarily hosted in the United States. This information will be used by DuPont, its affiliates, partners, and selected third parties in other countries to provide you with the product or service information requested. To learn more, please visit www.privacy.dupont.com . By providing your personal information, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement.
You’re now a member of our list of awesome people. Now check your email inbox.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
Antimicrobials and Fermentates
Backed by strong consumer and market insights, deep knowledge and science, and one of the broadest portfolios in the industry, we passionately solve any challenge for our customers. 
We are a community of solvers collaborating
    with customers to turn challenges into opportunities for competitive advantage.
We stay on top of evolving tastes and trends
    with consumer research and close customer collaboration.
We apply our knowledge of our customers and
    market-driven science and innovation to enable
We have a unique portfolio offering a wide
    range of ingredients and blends for the food and beverage, dietary
    supplements and pharma excipients segments. Together with our
    customers we develop customized solutions that no other company can match.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
Antimicrobials and Fermentates
New Study Findings Show Mixture of DuPont Probiotic Strains and Lactoferrin Reduces Common Cause of Vaginal Discomfort
Research Shows Potential Impact of Betaine on Fat Metabolism
DuPont Nutrition & Health Advancements in Novel Excipients Recognized by Pharmaceutical Journal
DuPont Nutrition & Health Commits to Driving “Healthy China 2030” with Probiotics
DuPont Nutrition & Health Helps to Reduce Health Risks for Overweight Consumers
DuPont Offers Patient-Centric Solutions for Advanced Gut Health and Pharmaceutical Care at CPhIndia
DuPont Nutrition & Health Unveils New Research on Plant-Based Eating
AAPS: PharmSci360 - DuPont Shares Award-Winning Insights and Showcases Integrated Pharma Portfolio
DuPont Nutrition & Health to Showcase Inventive Ingredient Solutions at SupplySide West
DuPont Nutrition & Health Introduces a Robust Combination of Strains for Fermented Milk in South America
DuPont Nutrition & Health survey reveals the key to senior nutrition
DuPont Nutrition & Health Debuts Pea Protein for Beverages at SupplySide West
DuPont Introduces Alternative to Ascorbic Acid for Bakery Products
New Hire Expands DuPont Nutrition & Health’s Expertise and Knowledge Base in Sustainable Sourcing
DuPont Showcases Fully Integrated Pharmaceutical and Health Care Portfolios at CPhWorldwide
DuPont Nutrition & Health Research Study Demonstrates a Role for Nasal Microbiota in the Host Response to Viral...
Celebrating 20 Years in Food Protection, DuPont™ Danisco® HOLDBAC® Product Range Still Stands Above the Competition
DuPont Nutrition & Health Recognized for Clean Label Innovation in Brazil
DuPont Nutrition & Health to Showcase YO-MIX® M11 at the Food Ingredients Asia 2018
DuPont Nutrition & Health to Host Ahmedabad’s First Ice Cream Carnival
DuPont Nutrition & Health Announces Opening of Innovation & Application Center in Japan
DuPont Nutrition & Health and Eurofins Bring Higher Level of Transparency to Probiotic Industry Through Genetic Identification
DuPont Nutrition & Health to Showcase Innovative Ingredient Solutions at IFT18 Annual Event and Food Expo
DuPont Unveils New Generation of DuPont™ Danisco® Enzymes for the Bakery Industry in South America
DuPont Nutrition & Health Research Study Demonstrates Protein is Critical to Successful Weight Loss and Maintenance
DuPont Nutrition & Health Ready to Help Narrow the Gap in Infant Nutrition
DuPont Nutrition & Health Highlights Innovative Solutions to Help the Food, Beverage and Dietary Supplement Customers Add Health Benefits to their Products Vitafoods Europe 2018 - booth J10
DuPont Nutrition & Health Moves to rBST-free Sources for Dairy Culture Production
Danisco® Cultures: The Broadest Cultures Offer for Plant-Based Food & Beverages
DuPont Nutrition & Health Advances Global Leadership Role in Sustainability
DuPont and Inbiose Celebrate Regulatory Approval of Their First Human Milk Oligosaccharide Ingredient for Infant Formula
DuPont Nutrition & Health Presents Latest Fermentation Technique and Solutions for Functional Foods and Beverages in FIC2018
DuPont Nutrition & Health Lays the Foundation for New Deep-Freeze Warehouse
DuPont Nutrition & Health Identifies Gaps to Fill through Gluten-free Consumer Survey
DuPont Engages in Investigation of the Role of Plant-based Sources on Cardiometabolic Health
DuPont Launches Digestive Health Campaign at CPhIndia 2017
DuPont Scientist Philippe Horvath Receives Franklin Institute Science Prize 2018 Bower Award for Groundbreaking Research on CRISPR-Cas
DuPont Nutrition & Health Debuts Plant-based, 90 Percent Protein Nuggets at SupplySide West
Major investment by DuPont in making its Grindsted plant carbon-neutral
The Great Indian Ice Cream & Frozen Dessert Contest is back with an Ethnic Zing
Enhancements to DuPont Probiotic Production Suite Increase Capabilities
DuPont Nutrition & Health Dishes Up New Concepts to Address Regional Nutrition Concerns
Expansion of Probiotics Facility Strengthens DuPont’s Position as Leader in Probiotics Production
DuPont to Offer Three Newly Approved Food Enzymes in Japan
DuPont Nutrition & Health Increases the Appeal of Dairy-Free Drinks
DuPont Scientist to Speak at AgriVision on Microbiome’s Potential to Fight Antimicrobial Resistance
DuPont & University of Virginia Study Demonstrates Probiotics Support Respiratory Immune Function
DuPont commits to nutrition and health advancement in Southeast Asia
DuPont Nutrition & Health and Healthspan Partner to Bring Billions of Healthy Bacteria to Consumers
DuPont Brings More Valuable Innovations in Food Ingredients China 2017 by Probiotics and Fermentation Technology
DuPont Study Proves Effect of Probiotics on Immune Function in Healthy Elderly Subjects
DuPont Nutrition & Health Finds Sweet Bakery Promise in Growth Market Survey
DuPont Will Introduce Better Baking Solutions for Enhanced Cake and Bread Freshness
DuPont Nutrition & Health Leads Development of NutritioHospital Snacks
DuPont Nutrition & Health to Increase Cultures Manufacturing Capacity in Europe
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
Antimicrobials and Fermentates
– India Conference On “Role Of Probiotics In Promoting Healthy Microbiome For Health And Immunity”
- Annual Meeting of the Latin American Industrial Millers Association
Chicago Section Annual Suppliers' Night
– Associated Illinois Milk, Food and Environmental Sanitarians
Webinar: HMOs: New Frontier in Early Life Nutrition
10th Conference of the European Pediatric Formulation Initiative "Formulating better Medicines for Children"
The 24th Annual Meeting of China Dairy Industry Association & The 18th Dairy Technology & Equipment Exhibition (CDIA2018)
Seminar on “Entrepreneurship Development in Soy Food Processing”
National Seminar on Fermented Dairy Foods and Their Health Benefits
American Oil Chemists' Society Annual Meeting 2018 (AOCS)
The Association for Dressings & Sauces 2018 Technical Meeting
Professional Manufacturing Confectioner Association (PMCA) Annual Conference
 Marriott at Penn Square and Lancaster County Convention Center in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, USA.
11th World Meeting on Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics and Pharmaceutical Technology
Refrigerated Foods Association 38th Annual Conference
Discover the Whitespace: Plant-Based Fermented Beverages
Annual Meeting of the Latin American Industrial Millers Association (ALIM)
2017 The British Society of Baking Autumn Conference
Leamington Spa,United Kingdom
Innovation in Non-Alcoholic Beverages Congress 2017
19th Gums & Stabilisers for the Food Industry Conference: Hydrocolloid multifunctionality
International Meeting on Fats and Oils processing recent advances in trans fat alternatives
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
Antimicrobials and Fermentates
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Sign Up to hear more from DuPont Nutrition & Health.
Contact about anything related to our company or services.
