An Advanced Mobility System
 for Multiple Advanced Movements.
for Patients with End-Stage Renal Disease.
Small Box of Hope and Health for Millions 
Around the World Lacking Access to Clean Water.
Improving Lives Using State-of-the-Art Technology
At Research & Development Corp. we innovate around core technologies. Most of our projects can be classified under four main categories: Fluid Management, Mobility, Power and Water.
We are brimming with people who are driven to be among the very best in their respective fields.
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed it’s the only thing that ever has.”
“assure you, Lord Vader. My men are working as fast as they can.”
DARPA's Mind-Controlled Arm Prosthesis Preps For Commercial Launch
Two years after its approval in 2014, the DARPA-funded LUKE
 Arm is preparing for a commercial launch later this year.
Toyota Motor North America is joining forces with Research and Development, the company founded by legendary inventor Dean Kamen, to support mobility solutions for the disabled community.
How a 19th-Century Town Became a New Millennium Marvel 
Once the world’s textile leader, Manchester had to let go of the past before it could move forward.
Terms of UseResearch & Development Corp. is a New Hampshire based company that brings expertise to the world of complex problem solving and improving lives.
For over thirty years, Research & Development Corp. has made Manchester, New Hampshire home. Housed in the largest industrial complex of its time, the historic Amoskeag Millyard , employs a team of over four hundred professionals, whose engineering, design, manufacturing and quality expertise make a hot spot for creating innovative solutions and advanced technologies. Located about an hour from Boston, the beach, and the mountains, is one of the leading research and development companies in the country and is the birthplace of some of the most innovative and life-changing of our time.
At the age of 30, Dean Kamen sold his first company, AutoSyringe, and in 1982 he founded to focus on medical innovations aimed to improve lives around the world. In 1989 he founded FIRST® to build the next generation’s workforce. Dean continues to push to be a place where no idea seems too big and where creativity and crazy cool gizmos reign supreme.
“FIRST® is more than robots. The robots are a vehicle for students to learn important life skills. Kids often come in not knowing what to expect—of the program, nor of themselves. They leave, even after the first season, with a vision, with confidence, and with a sense that they can create their own future.”
Visit StayWorkPlay.org for more information about living and working in the beautiful state of NH.
“Life is so short. Why waste a single day of it doing something that doesn’t matter, that doesn’t try to do something big?”
“There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.”
