Essential Cookies: Certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. These are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. They’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. However, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. For a list of essential cookies we use, Click Here
Non-essential Cookies: These cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. We also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
Because we are driven on so many levels.
Every company says it’s different. At Technologies, we don’t say it. We demonstrate it – every day – to our customers, employees, investors, suppliers and the places we call home. You’ll find it in our products, processes and people. You’ll see it in the way we solve problems, using a real-world lens that’s aimed at discovering unexpected, yet welcome, outcomes.
You’ll recognize it in our commitment to the planet, embracing the responsibility we have to foster a strong, sustainable business that makes the world a better place. You’ll witness it, as we actively support our local communities, giving back, paying it forward, making it last. And you can believe it, as evidenced by how we’re altering the trajectory of vehicle propulsion and aftermarket solutions through one simple promise: We are driven to make a difference.
We know cars. We study them; we’re reinventing them with the clear understanding that every driver has their own needs, from fun, comfort, and freedom to identity and prestige. We see it as our job to power that journey – whatever the reason; whatever the destination – converting energy into motion. Better, transforming the functional into the unforgettable.
We know that people don’t just drive; they want to drive better.
That’s why we’re technologists, committed to reimagining the fuel delivery, power management and vehicle service needs of the drivers of today and tomorrow. Our tight focus on advancing propulsion and aftermarket solutions leads to cleaner, longer-lasting vehicles that always thrill and touch the heart. 
Our automotive roots are deep – more than 100 years in the making. And our ability to ensure a successful enterprise for all is grounded in our proven track-record of ingenuity. Our legacy dates back to 1888 and manufacturing the first electric door bell. We quickly progressed from there to a vast collection of “firsts” that include:
Common rail systems for medium- and heavy-duty applications.
Convertible, PC-based diagnostic tools with access to faster, more affordable on-board diagnostics, tech support and service information.
Ammonia sensors for nitrogen oxide emission control.
Beyond our innovations , we’re a company that has persevered. And, it’s this enduring spirit that we carry with us as we move into a new future of firsts.
Map data ©2019 Google, INEGIThis website uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. Full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you manage them can be found in our Cookie Policy
Essential Cookies: Certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. These are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. They’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. However, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. For a list of essential cookies we use, Click Here
Non-essential Cookies: These cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. We also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
Because our vision and values anchor to a single promise: Driven to make a difference.
It’s really very simple. has one goal: Driven to make a difference. Under this charge, we are striving to be the focused partner our customers need to overcome the demands of today and thrive in the unknown challenges of tomorrow. For our people, we are working to cultivate an open, dynamic environment that brings to life what’s possible, what’s meaningful. And, for us all, we are undertaking a journey that won't be complete unless we create vehicles that people want to drive.
Our technologists are pioneers in propulsion systems and aftermarket solutions, working with customers all over the world to make combustion, hybrid and electric vehicles more efficient and better to drive.
Innovation is only as good as its value to our customers.
The future is made clear through collaboration.
Agility and responsiveness set us apart.
Essential Cookies: Certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. These are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. They’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. However, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. For a list of essential cookies we use, Click Here
Non-essential Cookies: These cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. We also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
Get there with us. See what's new about Technologies.
The New Technologies: Delivering today to put you ahead of tomorrow.
The automotive world is going through incredible change. The pressures of increased safety and total connectivity have never been greater. Stricter government regulations and increasing demands for fuel efficiencies, emissions reductions and electrification have created tremendous expectations to deliver on multiple, complicated fronts.
The tectonic shifts you face as part of the global auto industry demand that you have partners that can move faster than the pace of change. That can navigate the complexities and are willing to take leaps into the unknown, because that’s where success – and the greatest rewards – often reside.
At Technologies, we know we are that partner.
new beginning that’s focused on you.
Our automotive heritage is deep – more than 100 years in the making. The enduring entrepreneurial spirit that sparked many of the innovations, products and services you’ve relied upon over the years will continue. But with this new company will come a new beginning. New adventures. New breakthroughs.
So, as we write this next chapter in our history, you’ll see only the very best parts of the old coupled with the new. And all of it will be focused on one thing – you, our customers. This means you’ll get a team that moves faster than the pace of change in automotive powertrain management, software and controls, system integration and the aftermarket. You’ll get a global collective that masters complexity and welcomes the challenges you face every day because we don’t see them as obstacles – they are opportunities. More importantly, you get a true partner – one that believes anything is possible – when we do it together.
Welcome to the new Technologies.
From today, you can expect:
Leadership in value-based, real-world innovation in vehicle electrification and power electronics, from mild hybrids to electric vehicles.
Advanced internal combustion engine solutions to meet the widest needs for all vehicle and fuel types.
Software, hardware and component development expertise aimed at improving data speeds, capacity, power, durability and thermal output.
Fully integrated aftermarket operations for end-to-end solutions – from the first repair to the last.
Experienced leadership through a tenured and cohesive board and senior management team committed to creating sustained value and guiding our people with confidence and energy.
Global capabilities, with operations in 24 countries. Our multinational teams can provide you with global and local insights and solutions.
passion for people; a hunger for brilliance. Our vision and values – from diversity, sustainability, community engagement and more – remind us every day that it’s simply not enough to do what’s required. We need to go beyond and to do what’s right; what’s needed.
Technologies. Get there with us.