You might think that vehicle technologies have nothing to do with you.
nine-quick overview to know Philosophy & Vision 
Our Philosophy, Mission and Long-term Policy to 2030
The brand page explains the future society aims to realize, and the value we strive to deliver to the world.
Corporate details such as revenue and number of employees 
The unique strengths that make what it is today
Our various business fields from automotive and beyond
DENSO's production facilities and sales companies worldwide
Milestones in history from our establishment until today
Our downloadable corporate brochure in format
Links to our official pages on leading worldwide 
has developed a robot arm that writes answers found by artificial intelligence (AI) on the Todai Robot Project, which asks the question: Can get into the University of Tokyo?, led by the National Institute of Informatics.
We aim to harmoniously coexist with society by striving to engage in corporate citizenship activities in all areas where we conduct business.
To Bring Smiles to Those Close to Us
The first step to creating a better society lies in the feelings we have for those close to us.
The more that people who share the same ambitions work together, the closer we get to realizing such a society.
If we see someone in trouble, or someone putting forth their best effort, will raise its voice in support.
wishes to form connections with people and society at large so that a peaceful coexistence can be realized.
understands that the simple action of caring for other people can become the driving force for significant social change.
also believes that, to understand the greater world community, it must first turn its eyes to local communities.
As a good corporate citizen, is working to contribute to the sustainable development of society.
To this end, is actively promoting corporate citizenship activities that are deeply rooted in local communities as it aims to become a company that is trusted and understood by society as a whole.
In fiscal 2006, we formulated the Group Basic Policy for Corporate Citizenship Activities. Guided by this policy, we are promoting activities in the three priority areas of “harmony with the environment,” “ensuring security and safety in communities,” and “Hitozukuri ” (developing youth and supporting differently abled persons), all of which represent areas in which we can leverage our unique strengths. As we pursue these activities, we take into account the social circumstances of each individual region.
We have set up an employee volunteer support program to help employees who wish to participate in volunteer activities find opportunities to do so. At the same time, we are working to create a corporate culture that encourages employees to get involved in corporate citizenship activities on their own initiative.
DENSO’s corporate citizenship activities Collaboration with Local Communities and Group Companies
Turning our eyes to the social issues faced by Japan and communities all over the world, we are collaborating with Group companies and local communities to pursue corporate citizenship activities that cater to the social circumstances in each country and region of operation. Particularly, in terms of assisting disaster-stricken areas, we are continuing efforts to support the recovery from the Great East Japan Earthquake over a 10-year period.has updated its cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
practices highly transparent management in order to maintain healthy growth.
We introduce the basic policies, promotion structure, principal bodies and auditing functions of the Group's corporate governance structure.
We introduce the basic stance, promotion structure, education/enlightenment, the internal whistle-blowing system and other aspects of compliance.
We introduce the basic stance, promotion structure and disaster risk response measures for the Group's risk management.
We introduce initiatives for our promotion structure, audits and other areas based on the Group Basic Principles of Information Security.
has developed a robot arm that writes answers found by artificial intelligence (AI) on the Todai Robot Project, which asks the question: Can get into the University of Tokyo?, led by the National Institute of Informatics.
The agreement allowed us to expand our technical expertise from outside the company to achieve world-class engineering.
By establishing service plants in respective regions, the Assigned Service Station System is started.
Today, a global service network of around 4,600 bases is in place to enhance services for end users in different regions (e.g. repair and replacement of our products).
Our Technical Training Center is established.
The principles of "Monozukuri is Hitozukuri (our performance relies on our people)" and "engineering and technique, hand in hand" are still being practiced today.
The Injection Pump Preparation Section is established.
We began to expand our business fields beyond the development and production of electrical components we established at the time of our founding. Today, we operate in various product areas such as powertrain, thermal systems, electronics, and driving control & safety systems. We have a competitive edge in being able to deliver entire systems instead of single products.
The Deming Prize, the most prestigious award for quality control, is received.
Efforts made by all employees to win the prize laid the foundations for the concept and our culture of "Quality First."
The start of operations at Ikeda Plant (in Aichi Prefecture) and Hiroshima Plant are celebrated.
production base separate from our headquarters was established for the first time. At present, we manufacture our products at more than 140 group companies around the world.
In the United States, a sales office in Chicago and branch offices in Los Angeles and Detroit are established.
The first sales office outside Japan was established in anticipation of global trends, including trade liberalization.
Our Research Center is established.
In-house R&of integrated circuit (IC) was launched at an early stage in anticipation of electronic control for automotive components. Today, electronic components constitute some of the main products that we sell.
Our Philosophy, Mission and Long-term Policy to 2030
is a world leader in innovation. In our quest to provide products that solve customer problems, we continuously develop new technologies. 
offers exciting career opportunities for employees in more than 30  countries and regions around the world.
Learn about our basic procurement philosophy.
Learn about our organization and main procurement items.
Learn about the procedures until starting a collaboration with DENSO.
quick introduction to DENSO's key technologies and strengths, as well as environmental initiatives.
As a global manufacturer of automotive parts, is expanding its business operations around the world. Our employees are working in many countries and regions and working to supply products that meet the needs of customers worldwide.
supplies a wide range of products and systems as a Tier 1* supplier trusted by the world’s automobile manufacturers.
primary supplier that supplies products directly to an automobile manufacturer.
uses its global network of research, production and sales sites to supply products to customers throughout the world.
Continuing a legacy dating back to the company’s founding, the of has driven us to embrace change without fear, to confront and overcome every challenge, and to create new products and technologies. This proud heritage lives on in the passionate commitment of our employees to create products which embody this passion.
Innovation at is driven by our passion for development.
puts great effort into the training of the skilled workers who bring our technology to life in our products.
Idea Competition Approx.80,000idea entries
DENSO’s consists of a passion for manufacturing and advanced technology.
The automobile industry is undergoing its biggest transformation in a century as a result of rapid evolution in many fields of technology. In this period of seismic change, DENSO's main goal is to enhance the lives of people worldwide by working to meet the future needs of society in four major areas of technology.
DENSO’s corporate philosophy centers on a mission to contribute to a better world by actively working to solve the environmental problems affecting our global population. Through its business activities, aims to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society by reaching this goal and help to achieve harmonious coexistence with the natural environment.
We are helping to build a sustainable society through our efforts to minimize our environmental footprint.
Click here to visit websites for individual countries and regions.
will prepare a brighter future for generations to come through our commitment to protecting lives and preserving the planet. We believe the unique strengths of our research, production and people make anything possible.
produces world-first technologies and products that increase security and safety while lowering environmental impact through our commitment to groundbreaking research and development.
supplies technologies and products to all major automakers. Our experience in developing state-of-the-art technologies in wide-ranging fields helps us find unique solutions to end users’ needs.
The pursuit of world firsts
is committed to creating technologies that contribute to a better quality of life for all people. Our world-first advances range from common rail systems that dramatically improve diesel engine performance to night view technology that detects pedestrians at night.
has short-term (five year), mid-term (10 year) and long-term (20 year) roadmaps for technological research. At our institute for long-term research, we use our state-of-the-art facilities and technologies to research everything from semiconductor materials to microalgae that produce oil.
At DENSO’s technical centers around the world (Japan, U.S., Germany, Brazil, India, China and Thailand), we collaborate with automakers, research institutes and universities to develop leading technologies and products that meet local needs.
supplies technologies and products to all major automakers. Our experience in developing state-of-the-art technologies in wide-ranging fields helps us find unique solutions to end users’ needs.
The pursuit of world firsts
is committed to creating technologies that contribute to a better quality of life for all people. Our world-first advances range from common rail systems that dramatically improve diesel engine performance to night view technology that detects pedestrians at night.
Innovative products and components can only be realized if they can be manufactured. At DENSO, our technicians and engineers painstakingly refine every detail of our manufacturing systems to enable the creation of the best technologies and products. 
Our commitment to the production of world-class components requires constant refinement of our evaluation equipment and processing methods. This is where highly skilled technicians play a vital role. Recognizing the importance of both technologies and skills, we built our skill development center in 1954, only five years after our establishment. Today, has earned 63 WorldSkills Competition medals, and the medalist partner with our engineers to bring our products from prototype to production.
focuses on safety because cars carry people. We were one of the first parts manufacturers to build our own test courses to evaluate our products, ensuring that people could confidently drive cars using our components. Our advanced test facilities are comparable with those of major carmakers and include such advances as high-low temperature wind tunnel laboratories and anechoic chambers that simulate the diverse conditions drivers encounter every day.
When existing materials don’t provide the properties we need, we create new materials. This is what makes monozukuri — the art of making things — so unique. Our material engineers collaborate with material makers to develop new materials that contribute to the creation of world-first products offering leading performance.
Where world firsts take shape
is an innovator in highly precise processing and assembly. We develop our own facilities, machines and production lines that bring world-first products and unparalleled performance and quality to market.
Our commitment to the production of world-class components requires constant refinement of our evaluation equipment and processing methods. This is where highly skilled technicians play a vital role. Recognizing the importance of both technologies and skills, we built our skill development center in 1954, only five years after our establishment. Today, has earned 63 WorldSkills Competition medals, and the medalist partner with our engineers to bring our products from prototype to production.
focuses on safety because cars carry people. We were one of the first parts manufacturers to build our own test courses to evaluate our products, ensuring that people could confidently drive cars using our components. Our advanced test facilities are comparable with those of major carmakers and include such advances as high-low temperature wind tunnel laboratories and anechoic chambers that simulate the diverse conditions drivers encounter every day.
It takes people to conceive innovative ideas and products. So it's people that puts first in all of its management policies. 
encourages employees to assist local communities by donating their time and talent. On Community Service Day, more than 40,000 employees around the world volunteer for activities such as planting trees and helping to clean the local environment, donating wheelchairs and providing students with technical training.
Bringing fresh perspectives to the table
employees come from a variety of backgrounds, and we view this diversity as one of our strengths. That's why we provide opportunities for employees to exchange ideas, through a variety of activities such as our annual global leadership conference, expatriate experiences or our annual quality circle competitions.
DENSO’s values and principles are known as the Spirit. Cultivated for 65 years, Spirit is a common bond that brings together our 170,000 employees around the world. Driven by these values, every one of us strives to provide the best possible products and services in all areas of the business.
believes that people come first, and "monozukuri is hitozukuri" (our performance relies on our people). Our corporate culture promotes the professional growth of employees, provides extensive training programs and offers a rewarding working environment with stable long-term employment.
encourages employees to assist local communities by donating their time and talent. On Community Service Day, more than 40,000 employees around the world volunteer for activities such as planting trees and helping to clean the local environment, donating wheelchairs and providing students with technical training.
Bringing fresh perspectives to the table
employees come from a variety of backgrounds, and we view this diversity as one of our strengths. That's why we provide opportunities for employees to exchange ideas, through a variety of activities such as our annual global leadership conference, expatriate experiences or our annual quality circle competitions.has updated its cookie policy. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the website. However, you can change your cookie settings at any time.
continues to accelerate the globalization of its management, human resources, research and development, and monozukuri (the art of making things) in order to maximize our collaborative strength and meet local needs to win the trust of our customers and partners around the world.
Data is as of March 31, 2018.
dollar amounts have been translated, for convenience only, at the rate of 106.24 yen = US$1, the approximate exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2018. Billion is used in the American sense of one thousand million.
You will find global Group technologies and products throughout many industries, from automotive to robotics and Home Energy Management Systems. Please note that some technologies or products might not be available in every country.
delivers a wide variety of automotive products and technologies that minimize environmental impact and traffic accidents while also increasing comfort and convenience.
Development and manufacture of products for hybrid and electric vehicles, gasoline and diesel engine management systems and components, powertrain control systems, starters and power-generation systems such as alternators.
Development and manufacture of semiconductor sensors, micro electronic devices such as ICs, and electronics products such as engine electronic control units (ECUs).
Development and manufacture of car and bus air conditioning systems, cooling systems and components such as radiators and cooling fans.
Development and manufacture of (Intelligent Transport System) products such as car navigation and (Electronic Toll Collection) systems; telematics products; driving control and safety products (airbags sensors and ECUs); body electronics and meters.
Development and manufacture of motors for windshield wiper systems, power windows, power seats, power sliding doors, power steering, engine control systems and other automotive systems.
is helping to make smart homes a reality with product and technology offerings from charging stations to hot water supply systems. 
Development and manufacture of products such as CO2 refrigerant heat-pump water heaters, central air conditioners and Home Energy Management Systems (HEMS).
Our industrial products and technologies support factories, shops and offices in a wide variety of industries. You will find innovation in robots, and bar-code readers and mobile air conditioning units. 
(Developed and manufactured by INCORPORATED)
Our research and development efforts continue to drive us into new areas of business, solving problems and benefiting society beyond the automotive industry. 
We are helping to realize a low-carbon society through micro-grid products and technologies including Home Energy Management Systems (HEMS), storage batteries, V2(vehicle-to-home) power supply systems, and other products that create, store, and conserve energy in the age of connected cars and homes.
Through energy-saving cooling and freezing technology, as well as technology to preserve freshness, we are contributing to safety and assurance in food transport and supply from production to consumption.
Our sensing technologies are contributing to safer and more secure living.
We support information distribution within communities to help enhance security, safety and convenience in daily lives.
Our biosensor system and surgical-support robot help in disease prevention, early detection and recovery, improving the quality of life.
We aim to contribute to environmental quality by utilizing an efficient algae cultivation process for CO2 absorption and by producing biofuel as an alternative to fossil fuels.
is one of the largest global automotive suppliers of advanced technology, systems and components, heading toward an automotive society where cars have less impact on the environment and drivers have fewer worries about traffic accidents.
dollar amounts have been translated, for convenience only, at the rate of 106.24 yen = US$1, the approximate exchange rate prevailing on March 31, 2018. Billion is used in the American sense of one thousand million.
*4 Also holds the position of Member of the Board
Yasuhiko Yamazaki
The Philosophy guides our corporate actions, ensuring that we will continue to be trusted by people around the world. Our vision is for a safer and more eco-friendly future with fewer accidents.
Everything we do is based on our philosophy: "Contributing to a better world by creating value together with a vision for the future." 
The slogan that describes our Long-term Policy 2030 is "Bringing hope for the future for our planet, society and all people" 
DENSO's values and principles are known as the Spirit. It is a guiding principles for all employees around the world. 
1. Our Goal for 2030
company that continuously generates value to enrich mobility that achieves sustainability, happiness and peace of mind for everyone
Contribute to sustainability by increasing efficiency and reducing environmental impact
Providing a sense of well-being
Contribute to future mobility that is safer, more comfortable and convenient for everyone
While pursuing user-friendly comfort, We also would like the next generation to inherit a rich natural environment. We will continue to think about what we can do.
Whether at night or during the day, no matter where in the world they are or where they’re going, we want to enable people to get around safely. That’s our job.
