Technology-Rich Innovative System Engineering
and Solutions Focused Company Supporting the
Learn about our External Referral Incentive Program
Director of Cyber Electromagnetic Activity  Elected to New International Board of Director’s Position
Director of Moderates Army Panel on Capitol Hill
 solutionand Solutions Focused Company Supporting the
To be the preferred provider of Engineering Solutions and Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance support to the Government.
Through our talented, dedicated workforce, will provide best value solutions and support by growing and leveraging our core competencies and expertise across customer domains while maintaining our small business culture.
is committed to continual improvement in their services offered, the technical domains supported and the efficiency of programs and contracts managed. Collaboratively, management and staff work toward streamlining DHPC’s processes. Engineering teams often work together to obtain diversity in thoughts and innovation in solutions. Support personnel continually strive to provide and implement current, state-of-the-art tools and processes necessary to move the organization forward in response to our customers’ demands.
Since our founding in 1992, has been devoted to supporting our national security with multi-discipline engineering solutions, technology assessment, modeling & simulation, software development and systems engineering expertise. With sustained growth over the past 20 years, we now have office locations in Woodbridge NJ, Aberdeen MD, and Huntsville, We have a highly qualified, diverse staff working in a dynamic and challenging environment, and we offer a highly competitive salary and benefits package.
To review our current openings for your career at click here . All candidates must be able to obtain and maintain a Government Security Clearance, which must be applied for and granted as a condition of continued employment. Some requirements for a Security Clearance include (but are not limited to) sole Citizenship, no recent convictions for any type of illegal substance abuse or distribution, and an absence of any felony convictions or criminal record. If you have any questions or concerns, contact our Recruiting department for assistance.
In our desire to attract and hire the best candidates to join our team, is proud to announce an External Referral Incentive Program which provides a $3,000.00 incentive to external referrers for the successful hire of qualified candidates.
Referral incentive is paid in two portions – after the new hire’s first 90 days of active employment with and then after the new hire’s 180 days of active employment. Your referral must remain actively employed with for 90 days to receive half of the incentive ($1,500.00) and then for 180 days to receive the remaining balance ($1,500.00).
An external referrer is someone who is not an employee of Should an external referrer become a employee after the referral/application is submitted, the referrer continues to be eligible under these same terms.
Incentives are paid for each candidate that is referred and successfully hired pursuant to the terms of this program.
If a candidate applies more than once, the referrer listed on the first application will receive the incentive, regardless of the position filled.
Referrers must be named at the time of application. Referrers identified after the application is submitted are not eligible.
Applicants who applied to prior to 03/15/2016 are not eligible.
After selecting the open position and clicking “APPLY”, the applicant is prompted to upload a resume. After this step, in the “Your Information” screen, advise the applicant to enter the referring individual’s name in the “Referred by” box immediately before “Work Experience”.
If the applicant is successfully hired, he/she will provide with the referrer’s contact information for notification purposes.
At the end of the new hire’s first 90 calendar days of employment, will provide the referrer an Form W-9 to complete and return. Within 15 business days of receipt of a completed Form W-9, will issue a check in the amount of $1,500.00. When the new hire completes 180 calendar days of employment, will issue a check for the remaining balance.
will not withhold Federal taxes, however, the incentive payment is taxable. You will receive a Form 1099 for tax reporting purposes.
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.
Technology-Rich Innovative System Engineering
and Solutions Focused Company Supporting the
 solutionand Solutions Focused Company Supporting the
Mr. Pollock founded David Pollock Consultants, Inc., which is now Technologies, Inc., in January 1992 in order to support the decision process of the warfighter through the collection, integration, and dissemination of information, intelligence, and data. Since the time of DHPC’s founding, he diligently worked to build a company that provides valued consulting support to the Army and other Doentities in the areas of warning and countermeasure systems by conducting technology and risk assessments and performance analyses. He conceived and implemented the development of several advanced government laboratories and programs, and provided countless risk assessments, test plans, design evaluations and verifications. After serving as President/for eighteen years, Mr. Pollock took on the role of Chairman of the Board in January 2011– a position he held until his death.
Prior to founding Technologies, Mr. Pollock was employed with Technologies, where he was department manager responsible for the development of a variety of sensor developments and countermeasures. Mr. Pollock is widely regarded as a pioneer in the area of sensor technology and authored over 25 publications in the field. He served as editor of the Countermeasures Volume of the EO/Systems Design Handbook and was a chief concept designer of one of the first broad beam, incoherent arc lamp-based infra-red countermeasures. In 1967, he was awarded a patent for a cesium arc source, the design of which is still the basis for lamps currently in production.
Mr. Pollock received a Bachelor of Art in Physics from the University of California at Los Angeles, and a Master of Science in Physics from California State University.
Since our founding in 1992, has provided significant services and innovative solutions to our Government customers. The late Dave Pollock, the founder of DHPC, was a renowned engineer and scientist in the field of InfraRed Countermeasures. We retain that identity, continuing to provide survivability and countermeasure solutions in support of both air and ground weapon platforms across the military services. also provides services and solutions across other technology domains and service areas. delivers the breadth of expertise and specialized skills necessary to ensure responsive, high-quality support. Through years of experience, we have attained and maintain a thorough understanding of our customers’ mission and technology focus, needs and requirements. In response to these demands, provides the requisite engineering, technical services, and program management skills to deliver best value services and solutions. Regardless of the technology or specific science, we are committed to providing innovative and enduring solutions.
Spanning a Wide-Range of Technology and Science, We Remain Focused on Providing Innovative Technology Centric Solutions
DHPC’s team is largely comprised of industry leaders in engineering solutions for laser design and application, electronics and technology forensics, countermeasure system testing and verification, specialized Counter-techniques and systems, and high-tech laboratory design and operation. The efforts we undertake are in pursuit of achieving solutions for challenges that have never before been realized.
Our business is driven by our talented team – through inventive, creative and collaborative thought – they derive practical solutions. It is because of DHPC’s values, our corporate culture and our staff’s commitment to excellence that our customers turn to when searching for solutions to challenging technical problems.
leans forward. We have built the business by cultivating ideas, refining an approach, and then presenting the concepts and designs to customers who are open to innovative and novel slants and methods. Mr. Pollock’s belief was that DHPC’s customers, teammates, and staff will be successful as long as remains true to its technological roots and continues to evolve its expertise to meet the challenges that lie ahead.
To be the preferred provider of Engineering Solutions and Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance support to the Government.
Through our talented, dedicated workforce, will provide best value solutions and support by growing and leveraging our core competencies and expertise across customer domains while maintaining our small business culture.
is committed to continual improvement in their services offered, the technical domains supported and the efficiency of programs and contracts managed. Collaboratively, management and staff work toward streamlining DHPC’s processes. Engineering teams often work together to obtain diversity in thoughts and innovation in solutions. Support personnel continually strive to provide and implement current, state-of-the-art tools and processes necessary to move the organization forward in response to our customers’ demands.
