Ready-to-Press Powders
Engineered and tailored components for specialized applications for critical wear and corrosive conditions
Technical expertise, state-of-the-art research & development, application laboratories, carbide recycling program, and global presence.
We provide solutions for your engineering needs that improve performance, streamline production, and grow your business.
If you need a standard product, a tailor-made solution, or technical consultation to help solve your manufacturing difficulties, we are delighted to work with you.
We are over 1,600 people dedicated to creating solutions for your hard and super-hard material needs through partnership, innovation, and invention. Our exclusive cemented carbide (tungsten carbide (WC)), (mono- and polycrystalline (PCD)), and cubic boron nitride (CBN) materials are the base for more than 50,000 products in our portfolio.
Our extensive knowledge about hard and super-hard materials gained through more than 6 decades of experience and total control of our vertically integrated supply chain give us the unique ability to partner with our customers in the development of effective solutions specific for each need.  Hyperion is born out of GE, Innovations, and Sandvik Hard Materials. Heavy investment in pioneering research & development is our foundation, and partnership with our customers to create innovative technologies and material solutions are the building blocks for our continued growth.
Hyperion's customers cut diapers and create drill bits. They polish optical materials and draw wires.  They roll cans and cut metal. Each customer is unique, but they all have something in common - they need hard or super-hard materials.  We partner with companies across a wide spectrum of markets including but not limited to
We fulfill and also try to exceed existing environment requirements and always strive to fully address any concerns regarding the impact of our activities. At the same time as we pursue a long-term strategy for profitable growth, we are also committed to conducting business in an ethical way.
