What Does It Mean To Be Electable?
Yes, You Do Need That Comma: Why We Love The Serial Comma
Don't Let These Commonly Confused Words Mess You Up
The Looooongest Words in English
When a Cat is so Cute You Want to Bite its Face? There's a Word for That.
These Words Are Good and Bad at the Same Time.
 How is Pansexuality Different from Bisexuality?
You've Heard of the Glass Ceiling, But What About the Glass Cliff?
Dictionary.com is the world’s leading online source for English definitions, synonyms, word origins, audio pronunciations, example sentences, slang phrases, idioms, word games, legal and medical terms, Word of the Day and more. For over 20 years, Dictionary.com has been helping millions of people improve their use of the English language with its free digital services.
Dictionary.com is the world’s leading digital dictionary. We provide millions of English definitions, spellings, audio pronunciations, example sentences, and word origins. Dictionary.com’s main, proprietary source is the Random House Unabridged Dictionary, which is continually updated by our team of experienced lexicographers and supplemented with trusted, established sources including American Heritage and Harper Collins to support a range of language needs. Dictionary.com also offers a translation service, a Word of the Day, a crossword solver, and a wealth of editorial content that benefit the advanced word lover and the English language student alike.
As the premier thesaurus on the web Thesaurus.com provides users with over 550,000 synonyms and a suite of tools that simplify the writing process. Thesaurus.com’s proprietary relevance, complexity, and length filters, introduced in the first update to any thesaurus in over 160 years, help anyone quickly find the perfect word.
Dictionary.com apps have been installed over 100 million times on the seven major platforms. These award-winning mobile apps are the most trusted, comprehensive tools for language success. Our native apps are more than portable counterparts to our browser-based products; they work offline, provide deeper personalization and interactivity, and include premium features to extend beyond definitions. Explore our suite of apps .
just love Dictionary.com. It is extraordinarily useful to me as write my novel. Thank you so much
Sign up for our Newsletter!
Start your day with weird words, fun quizzes, and language stories.
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
