Discovery Biomed
Human Cell Based Drug Discovery
Welcome to Discovery Biomed
DBM’s mission is to fill a critical niche within the modern drug discovery industry by specializing in custom human cell engineering and human cell-based drug discovery.
Our R&infrastructure and know-how are leveraged as a service to support the commercial and academic drug discovery community by integrating human cell research platforms at any and all points within the drug discovery critical path from HTS cell assay development and optimization to lead prioritization and progression, with the end product being ‘high value’ clinical candidates.
Increases Engagement with Scientists, Researchers, and Entrepreneurs
Going through the threshold from 2017 to 2018, endeavored to increase its engagement and by extension its visibility within the larger biotechnology community. Now entering Q4 of 2018, we…
An Extra Large “Thank You” to our Contract Research Organization (CRO) Services Clients
The period of 2017 and 2018 has realized a significant uptick in our services business focused on diseased and normal human cell platform technology creation and in the use…
Human Cell Cultures, Cell Lines and Specialty Media and Methods
DiscoveryBioMed, Inc
Discovery Biomed
"The microbiomarker profile in your primary human cells matched perfectly with human kidney tissue in our hands and we are very pleased."
-Principal Scientist from Regulus Therapeutics, San Diego, CA
var sv_wc_payment_gateway_payment_form_params = {"card_number_missing":"Card number is missing","card_number_invalid":"Card number is invalid","card_number_digits_invalid":"Card number is invalid (only digits allowed)","card_number_length_invalid":"Card number is invalid (wrong length)","cvv_missing":"Card security code is missing","cvv_digits_invalid":"Card security code is invalid (only digits are allowed)","cvv_length_invalid":"Card security code is invalid (must be 3 or 4 digits)","card_exp_date_invalid":"Card expiration date is invalid","check_number_digits_invalid":"Check Number is invalid (only digits are allowed)","check_number_missing":"Check Number is missing","drivers_license_state_missing":"Drivers license state is missing","drivers_license_number_missing":"Drivers license number is missing","drivers_license_number_invalid":"Drivers license number is invalid","account_number_missing":"Account Number is missing","account_number_invalid":"Account Number is invalid (only digits are allowed)","account_number_length_invalid":"Account number is invalid (must be between 5 and 17 digits)","routing_number_missing":"Routing Number is missing","routing_number_digits_invalid":"Routing Number is invalid (only digits are allowed)","routing_number_length_invalid":"Routing number is invalid (must be 9 digits)"};
Erik Schwiebert, Ph.D., and Chief Scientific Officer
As Founder and Director, Erik focuses on overall leadership of DiscoveryBioMed, As CSO, he serves as the principal science consultant in client work and in managing the company’s research and development. He brings several years of experience as a researcher in cell physiology and pathophysiology. He has focused on receptors and ion channels in human epithelial cells that regulate ion transport and that are pertinent to therapeutics for cystic fibrosis, polycystic kidney disease, and diabetes mellitus. He currently focuses his scientific efforts as an applied discovery scientist, applying his cell physiology and pathophysiology training to programs. He was previously an Associate Professor with tenure at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. Prior to that, Erik was a postdoctoral fellow at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. His education includes a Ph.in Physiology from Dartmouth College and a in Biology from Grinnell College. Erik is originally from Princeton, NJ.
John Streiff, Ph.D., Chief Chemoinformatics Officer
As Chief Chemoinformatics Officer, John serves as the company’s specialist in pharmacology, molecular structure modeling, pharmacophore analysis, life science modeling, bioinformatics and cheminformatics. Not only is Dr. Streiff adept at finding ‘commonality in structure’ among DBM’s validated hit compounds but he is also facile at conversion of bioassays into automated and robotic formats. His previous experience includes research on molecular pharmacology of anesthetic drugs at the University of Alabama at Birmingham and at Mayo Clinic where John was an Assistant Professor. Dr. Streiff’s education includes a in Chemistry from the University of Northern Iowa and a Ph.in Chemistry from the University of Idaho. John is originally from Rochester. MN
Deborah Mai, Ph.D., Chief Biological Officer
As principal scientist, Deborah engages in both internal R&and on-going service contract programs at  She received her Ph.and postdoctoral training under Dr. Adrie Steyn at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, where she studied Mycobacterium tuberculosis and developed a novel system to identify small molecule inhibitors of protein-protein interactions in mycobacterial cells.  Dr. Mai utilizes her training to develop, optimize, and perform cell-based drug screening platforms at  Her expertise and knowledge in bacterial pathogenesis enables to expand in its R&and drug discovery services to include anti-infective programs.  Deborah received her in Microbiology from Auburn University.  She is originally from Tuscaloosa, AL.
Matthew Redmann, Ph.D., Head of Business Development and Senior Scientist
As Head of Business Development and a Senior Scientist, Matthew performs a dual role at performing bench science when needed, but principally serves as the company’s primary point of contact for services clients. Scientifically, he embraces humanized drug discovery principles and brings his tissue culture experience from working with murine primary neuronal cultures to Dr. Redmann received his Ph.from the University of Alabama at Birmingham, where his dissertation work focused on the interplay between mitochondrial dysfunction, protein aggregation, and autophagic failure in a primary neuronal model of Parkinson’s Disease. Matt received his in Cellular Physiology from the University of Wisconsin at Whitewater. He is originally from Appleton, Wisconsin.
Lawrence Greer, Jr., J.D., LLM, Chief Financial Officer
As Chief Financial Officer, Lawrence oversees all financial and legal functions for Discovery BioMed. He prepares and maintains DBM’s financial statements and works closely with the to create and execute the financial goals of the company. He serves as the interface with DBM’s outside accountants and legal counsel. Previously, Lawrence served as Managing Partner/Chief Compliance Officer for Greer Capital Advisors in Birmingham where he was involved in the creation, investment, and execution of numerous start-up companies. His education includes a Bachelor of Arts in Managerial Economics from Hampden-Sydney College, and a Juris Doctor and in Business Transactions from the University of Alabama School of Law.
Dr. John Dixon, Ph.has over 30 years of experience in medicinal chemistry, recently retired from AstraZeneca. He lives and works from England. He is currently principal of Consulting International as a medicinal chemistry consultant. Prior to that, John was of the medicinal chemistry division for AstraZeneca in the Dr. Dixon evaluates lead chemical classes for that emerge from the many on-going disease-driven and intact human cell-based drug discovery efforts.
Dr. Matthew Gonda, Ph.has over 30 years of experience in biotechnology leadership. He is an independent Board member and key advisor to Dr. Schwiebert. Matt is a serial entrepreneur that has led multiple biotechnology companies and who serves on the boards of several companies and entrepreneurship committees across the and worldwide. Matt may take an expanded role with in the near future.
Board of Directors
is privileged to have a supportive Board of Directors.
Dr. Lawrence ‘Larry’ Greer, DDS, is the senior managing partner at Greer Capital Advisors, a firm located in Birmingham, and charged with managing multiple investment funds including the Birmingham Technology Fund, the Scout Healthcare Fund, and multiple funds of the Alabama CapCo program. Larry was originally trained as a dentist; Larry had his own dental practice for over 10 years before deciding to learn more about the business and financial industries. After garnering an at Emory and after working with Dunn Investments for several years, Larry founded Greer Capital Advisors, specializing in early-stage capital investment in life sciences and biotech.
Lawrence Greer, is a managing partner at Greer Capital Advisors and specializes in the legal considerations of deals being managed or considered by Greer Cap. Lawrence was a classmate of Dr. Schwiebert in the 2007 Entrepreneurial Accelerator Program sponsored by the Birmingham Venture Club. As of 2017, Lawrence now acts as the Chief Financial Officer for DBM.
Dr. Matthew ‘Matt’ Gonda, Ph.is the independent Board member for Matt is a ‘been there, done that’ of multiple life science and biotechnology companies, most notably TransMolecular, Inc., where he raised over $30 million for the company while he was at the helm. Matt has been a key advisor to Dr. Schwiebert throughout DBM’s history from its inception to the present.
Dr. Douglas Hay, Ph.has over 20 years of experience in BioPharma. He hails from Strafford, outside of Philadelphia. Douglas is currently principal of Hay Drug Discovery Consulting, Prior to that, he was a in the Respiratory Discovery Performance Unit at GlaxoSmithKline focusing on and other chronic lung diseases. Dr. Hay consults in scripting its Drug Discovery Critical Path for the numerous on-going diseased human cell-based drug discovery bioassays and programs.
Dr. Erik Schwiebert, Ph.is the Chair of the Board.
Have a question or want to leave a comment? Fill out the form below or call us at 205-918-8138 , ext 1.
DiscoveryBioMed, (DBM) is a life sciences and biotechnology company, located in Birmingham, AL, formed with the ultimate goal of integrating human cell physiology with the drug discovery critical path. DBM’s founder, Erik Schwiebert, Ph.D., a physiologist by trade, launched the company in October 2007 and closed on seed capital investment with Greer Capital Advisors in November of 2007 (Birmingham Technology Fund). Sthen has continued to grow and gain recognition both locally and nationally.
DiscoveryBioMed’s mission is to fill a critical niche within the drug discovery industry by specializing in custom human cell engineering and human cell-based drug discovery. Our R&infrastructure and know-how are leveraged as a service to support the commercial and academic drug discovery community by integrating human cell platforms at any and all points within the drug discovery critical path, from assay development and optimization to lead prioritization and progression, with the end product being ‘high value’ clinical candidates.
Academic labs and small biotechs have been adopters of our human cell platforms early in the drug discovery process, whereas large BioPharmas have been more interested in DBM’s capacity to design, develop and implement primary human cell systems for lead prioritization and progression. As an example of our services, routinely performs targeted and phenotypic assay development and primary HTS, custom primary cell culture and/or immortal cell line creation and secondary/tertiary validation and mechanism of action analysis with primary human cell systems.
refers to our novel scientific approach and niche within this marketplace as Humanized Drug Discovery.
If the end goal is to give a drug to a human patient, why not discover new drugs with relevant human cell platforms? The approach to drug discovery is designed to improve the attrition rate and yield high value clinical candidates by introducing disease relevant and physiologically relevant human cell platforms as early as possible in the drug discovery process.
Discovery BioMed’s scientific expertise has developed over many years of human cell physiology research.
Our laboratory is equipped with a state-of-the-art cell culture and engineering facility. Coupled to that, we have high-throughput molecular screening (HTS) capability with all types of luminescence, fluorescence, and absorbance detection. These facilities provide the means to perform many different high-throughput bioassays on human and mammalian cell-based platforms.
Our compound libraries come from diverse synthetic and natural-product sources. The selection of these libraries is guided by our company’s expertise in physiology and biochemistry. has more than 75,000 small molecules as well as phytochemical extracts available to test on each endpoint, target, pathway or system.
DBM’s philosophy is that the best molecular screening approach to drug discovery is to utilize in vitro cell lines or primary cultures (preferably, human) that are as close to in vivo conditions as possible. Its diseased and wild-type cell lines are engineered to retain phenotypes through many cycles of cell division, leading to reliable results from cell screening assays. refers to this innovative approach as Humanized Drug Discovery.
In its own discovery work using the same infrastructure as its services business, brings the same expertise, tools, and philosophy to bear on identifying compounds with promise as therapeutics for respiratory, metabolic, and hyperproliferative (renal, urologic, oncologic) human diseases.
Statement Regarding Financial Conflict of Interest for Research Funded Under Grants
DiscoveryBioMed, Inc takes seriously each potential Conflict of Interest that could affect the integrity of any Public Health Service (PHS)-funded Research performed by its employees and Subrecipients. As a result and in compliance with federal law and regulations, an Investigator shall not participate in any PHS-funded Research if he or she has a Financial Interest that could influence the design, conduct or reporting of such Research activity. will take immediate action under this policy to manage, reduce or eliminate any such Conflict of Interest. As set forth herein, all PHS-funded Research undertaken at shall be conducted in full compliance with this policy and with all applicable federal and state laws pertaining to financial conflicts of interest, including, without limitation, Title 42 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 50 Subpart for grants and cooperative agreements and Title 45 Part 94 for Research contracts (collectively, Regulations). Investigators failing to comply with all Regulations shall be subject to sanctions, up to and including termination of employment. All underlined terms shall have the meanings as set forth herein.
Going through the threshold from 2017 to 2018, endeavored to increase its engagement and by extension its visibility within the larger biotechnology community. Now entering Q4 of 2018, we… Read More »
Routinely, we read stories in the Birmingham Business Journal, the Magazine, the Economic Development Partnership of Alabama news flashes and news releases and elsewhere about innovation and entrepreneurship. It… Read More »
"The microbiomarker profile in your primary human cells matched perfectly with human kidney tissue in our hands and we are very pleased."
-Principal Scientist from Regulus Therapeutics, San Diego, CA
