is now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Pharmacochaperone Assays
Using Bioactivity Profiling to Support the Progression of Phenotypic Hits
Cookie Noticeis now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Pharmacochaperone Assays
Eurofins is an innovative company that develops, manufactures, and commercializes reagents, complete cell-based assay kits, profiling and screening services as well as other turnkey solutions for the drug discovery, screening, and life science markets. Our biochemical and cell-based assays enable customers to improve research productivity and effectiveness of their screening, lead optimization and campaigns, thus accelerating the discovery and development of new drugs. Plus, with the addition of the BioMAP® platform of human primary cell systems for phenotypic profiling, Eurofins offers a powerful tool to deliver physiologically relevant insights and integrated solutions for all stages of discovery from target and lead discovery to preclinical and beyond.
Acquired by Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services in 2017, Eurofins is dedicated to the development and commercialization of innovative solutions for discovery research.
The Company pioneered the use of β-galactosidase enzyme fragment complementation (EFC) for discovery research. technology is a proven, established screening platform in most major pharmaceutical companies and our EFC-based HitHunter
 cassays are the market leader in screening applications. PathHunter
 and InHunter™ technology platforms, an adaptation of technology, are an innovative and comprehensive assay system that enables live cell-based assays for pathway profiling and compound screening.
In addition to the platform, Eurofins also holds extensive intellectual property for its second core technology, an
. Through our core technologies, Eurofins is able to offer assay solutions for every major class of drug target, including GPCRs, kinases, bromodomains, methyltranseferases, proteases, nuclear hormone receptors, cytokines, transcription factors and secreted proteins.
Eurofins remains committed to fully exploit the commercial potential of its as well as KINOME
 technology either solely or with its corporate partners.  Eurofins values such partnerships and is actively seeking additional collaborative alliances to commercialize and provide early access to new technology platforms in the drug discovery and development markets.
Cookie Noticeis now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Pharmacochaperone Assays
Eurofins is the leading supplier of innovative cell-based assays and services for drug discovery and development.  Strong leadership fosters an environment of innovation and encourages a commitment towards integrity and success. We are very proud of the unique culture in our company that gives each employee the exciting opportunity to make a difference.
Currently, Eurofins is enjoying rapid expansion. We offer great opportunities for talented, qualified candidates where your contributions will be recognized.
Business Developoment Manager for the Pacific Northwest
In Vitro Services Inside Sales Specialist
Eurofins is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce.
Cookie Noticeis now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Pharmacochaperone Assays
Eurofins Expands its Offering and Footprint in Drug Discovery Services with the Acquisition of Eurofins Acquires 4/10/2017
Partners with B’Gmbto Expand SAFETYscan In Vitro Pharmacological Profiling Services
Announcing the partnership with B'Gmbto expand SAFETY
Rapidly Screen Molecules for Novel Immuno-Oncology Therapeutics with Checkpoint Receptor Screening and Profiling Services
Launches Cell-Based Assays for Confirmation of Compound-Target Engagement in Drug Discovery
Announcing the launch of the KILR™ Retropartices
and the Partner to Make an Annotated Collection of >600 Kinase Inhibitors Freely Available
partners with the Structural Genomics Consortium (SGC)
Displaying results  1-10 (of 42)
Cookie Noticeis now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Pharmacochaperone Assays
The 77th Annual Meeting of the Japanese Cancer Association
The 45th Annual Meeting of the Japanese Society of Toxicology 
The 37th Annual Meeting of the Japanese Association of Forensic Toxicology
The 18th World Congress of Basic and Clinical Pharmacology (WCP2018)
Structure and Function: Taking Drug Development and Discovery to the Next Level (B8) 2018
Well Characterized Biologics & Biological Assays 2017
Drug Repositioning, Repurposing and Rescue Conference 2017
Society for Laboratory Automation & Screening 2017
29th Annual North American Cystic Fibrosis Conference
Advances in Cell Based Screening in Drug Discovery - Sweden 
2015 Annual Meeting and ToxExpo
Research & Innovation - London
KINOMEscan—一种高效的蛋白激酶抑制剂研发平台
Extracting Maximum Value from KINOMEscan: Study Report Interpretation
2014 Annual Meeting and ToxExpo
Webinar: Internalization & Receptor Recycling - Essential Tools for Biology
BioMAP® Webinar: Phenotypic Drug Discovery Using Primary Human Cells and Co-Cultures - Lessons Learned
American Association for Cancer Research
GTC: 2nd Inflammatory and Immunological BioMarkers Meeting
The 1st International Congress on Controversies in Personalized Oncology
Cookie Noticeis now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Eurofins Acquires Eurofins Scientific (EUFI.PA), a world leader in providing analytical support to the global pharmaceutical industry, announces that it has signed an agreement to acquire DiscoverX, a leader in drug discovery products and services across all stages of discovery from target identification and lead discovery to preclinical and beyond. The transaction is expected to close in the coming weeks, upon fulfillment of customary closing conditions.
is an innovative company that develops, manufactures, and commercializes reagents, complete cell-based assay kits, profiling and screening services as well as other disruptive solutions for the drug discovery, screening, and life science markets. The company has over 15 years’ experience in drug discovery and development leveraging on the Enzyme Fragment Complementation (EFC) technology and has become a reputable market leader in screening applications. technology is a proven, established screening platform in most major pharmaceutical companies. With over 900 stable cell lines, 4500 drug discovery assays and kits, and both custom and off-the shelf services, is one of the most trusted and utilized drug discovery portfolios in the world. The company employs 137 staff in four locations in Fremont, San Diego, San Francisco (California) and Birmingham (England).
The combination of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services and provides the pharmaceutical and biotech industries with a partner of choice for end-to-end drug discovery services, enabling customers to improve research productivity and effectiveness of their screening, lead optimization and structure-activity relationships (SAR) campaigns, thus accelerating the discovery and development of new drugs. In addition, DiscoverX’s KINOMEscan platform and epigenetics services, combined with Eurofins Pharma Discovery’s kinase profiling services would result in the largest available portfolio of kinase products and services in the market. Furthermore, it provides researchers with a comprehensive technology platform for assessment of drugs to kinases, the most widely evaluated drug target.
DiscoverX’s expertise complements Eurofins discovery pharmacology capabilities following the previous acquisitions of Panlabs, Cerep, Millipore Discovery and Development Solutions and Villapharma. The company is well-positioned to capitalize on the growing R&outsourcing market in the and provides a gateway to the Asia-Pacific region.
Comment from Dr. Gilles Martin, Eurofins’ CEO: “adds another spectrum of new advanced services that Eurofins can now offer to its clients. This transaction is another demonstration of Eurofins’ commitment to provide the most comprehensive portfolio of laboratory services in the discovery pharmacology field which enjoys a strong outsourcing growth trend.”
Eurofins – a global leader in bio-analysis
Eurofins Scientific through its subsidiaries (hereinafter sometimes “Eurofins” or “the Group”) believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and that it is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for agroscience, genomics, discovery pharmacology and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the With over 30,000 staff in 375 laboratories across 41 countries, Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 130,000 analytical methods for evaluating the safety, identity, composition, authenticity, origin and purity of biological substances and products, as well as for innovative clinical diagnostic. The Group objective is to provide its customers with high-quality services, accurate results on time and expert advice by its highly qualified staff.
Eurofins is committed to pursuing its dynamic growth strategy by expanding both its technology portfolio and its geographic reach. Through R&and acquisitions, the Group draws on the latest developments in the field of biotechnology and analytical chemistry to offer its clients unique analytical solutions and the most comprehensive range of testing methods.
As one of the most innovative and quality oriented international players in its industry, Eurofins is ideally positioned to support its clients’ increasingly stringent quality and safety standards and the expanding demands of regulatory authorities around the world.
Important disclaimer:is now a part of Eurofins Pharma Discovery Services
Pharmacochaperone Assays
Driving Directions to KINOMEscan
