Consumer Goods
Paints and Coatings
View Consumer
Industrial & Infrastructure
Industrial Water Treatment
Paints And Coatings
View Industrial & Infrastructure
Agriculture and Silage Films
Consumer Goods & Retail
Cosmetics and Personal Care
Food and Beverage
Healthcare & Pharmaceuticals
Insights & Innovation
Discover Insights & Innovation
Learn More About Insights & Innovation
Resource Finder
Middle East & Africa
United States
Benelux
Benelux
Česká republika
Ελλάδα
Ελληνικά
Pусский
Россия
Русский
Slovenija
Україна
Українська
Middle East & Africa
Algeria, Egypt, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Morocco, Nigeria, South Africa
Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates
المملكة العربية السعودية
עברית
Materials Science Solutions for Your Products and Our Planet
Through partnerships and collaboration, our solutions help extend the shelf life of food, bring color to buildings, and pave safer roads. Read on to learn how.
provides a world-class portfolio of advanced, sustainable and leading-edge products that enable us to deliver solutions designed to meet almost any performance and business need.
Looking for a specific product?  
We deliver a broad range of innovative and technology-based products and solutions in the packaging, industrial and infrastructure, and consumer care industries.
From prescription medications and vitamins, to body and dishwashing soaps, to lotions and laundry detergent and more, our solutions play an important role in the products people use every day. Whether the goal is to feel better, eat healthier, or be and live cleaner, our advanced and unique formulations help enable better products that beautify, protect and enhance. 
We are your go-to solution provider for the home, institutional and personal care markets. Our technology offerings create value by being the point of differentiation that sets your products apart and enhances the consumer experience. 
Infrastructure is essential to daily life. It’s roads, bridges, buildings, and mega-structures like stadiums. It’s also the power grid that lights homes and connects people to the Internet. 
With the world’s largest and broadest supply of raw materials across all categories, we live by a steadfast commitment to constant R&that ultimately develops robust and dependable infrastructure that stands the test of time.  
market trends like increasing populations, rising middle class incomes, and on-the-go lifestyles continue to drive demand for high-performance plastic packaging that extends food freshness, improves product safety, is lighter and brighter, and provides user-friendly functionality. 
We are a leading innovator of and collaborator on packaging and solutions that address the world’s packaging needs at all points of the farm-to-table value chain. Our product portfolio of resins, films and adhesives is the broadest in the industry and can deliver a “total package” that is more sustainable and cost-efficient, and which meets consumer preferences around the world. 
Stretches Pallet Load Stability – Thinner but Tougher
Wins Sustainability Product of the Year Award for Second Year Running
Innovative 3printing technology by enables ECCO’s advanced customized footwear
3Printing Filament for Sustainability
Partner to Tackle Plastic Waste
to Expand Methyl Cellulose Capacity to Meet Growing Construction Chemical Demand
Discover what makes exceptional. Learn about our history and sustainability efforts, find career opportunities and stay up to date on news and investor information. 
Search and access Safety Data sheets, Product Safety and Product Information sheets and additional resources.  
We use cookies to give you the best browsing experience. By clicking the button below, you agree to receive and store cookies on our site. You can allow, block or delete cookies installed on your computer by configuring your browser options installed on your computer. For more information about the use of cookies, please see our 
Industrial & Infrastructure
Insights & Innovation
Resource Finder
Science & Sustainability
California Transparency Act
®™ Trademark of The Chemical Company ("Dow") or an affiliated company of DowCORPORATE
Initiatives & Partnerships
Issues & Challenges
Science & Sustainability
See the Possibilities in Science & Sustainability
2025 Sustainability Goals
Areas of Expertise
Learn More About Science & Sustainability
Careers at Search Jobs & Apply
Working at Learn More About Careers at Contact Us
We use cookies to give you the best browsing experience. By clicking the button below, you agree to receive and store cookies on our site. You can allow, block or delete cookies installed on your computer by configuring your browser options installed on your computer. For more information about the use of cookies, please see our 
Have a question or need more information about Corporate? 
We have multiple ways to help you get the answers you need.
Work with History
Initiatives & Partnerships
Issues & Challenges
Science & Sustainability
2025 Sustainability Goals
Areas of Expertise
Working at Contact Us
Insights & Innovations
California Transparency Act
®™ Trademark of The Chemical Company ("Dow") or an affiliated company of Dow