Our partners count on us for technical capability. Our knowledge goes beyond science. We understand our customers’ markets, and we speak your language.
The industry leaders in innovation and expertise for over 50 years. Every application has specific needs—and every film we make has distinct advantages that meet those needs.
We listen in order to develop innovative solutions, and in doing so, have developed an extensive portfolio of products that customers know they can trust.
Our long tenure as the leading manufacturer of high performance polyester is the result of our collaborative relationships with our customers. Together, we will succeed, now and in the future.
MYLAR® Harvest Fresh lidding positively affects the entire packaging process for our customers, making it a smart and efficient solution.
Melinex® polyester are customer coated for all digital technology media, where superior image quality, lay flat and durability are required.
is a global leader in the production of polyester films. Since its development by in 1952, polyester film has become a part of our lives. We have built on this heritage through research, expertise - and true collaboration with our customers. Through this spirit of teamwork, we’ve pushed the boundaries of science and helped our partners achieve remarkable success.
Presenting and Exhibiting at the 2019...
February 2019- Scott Gordon, New Business Development Manager and Flexible Electronics Segment Manager, will be speaking at the 2019 Conference to be held on February 18–21 2019 at Hyatt Regency in Monterey,  S...
November 14-15, 2018, (DTF) will be exhibiting at the annual Printed Electronics 2018 Conference November 14-15, 2018 in Santa Clara, (www.idtechex.com/printed-electronics-usa/show/en/). The Exhibit Booth w...
On October, 29, 2018 Asima Chakravorty will be presenting "Innovations in Polyester Film substrates for the Flexible Electronics Industry" at the R2Conference 2018 in Phoenix, Arizona at 3:30pm.
New flame retardant from promise to help design engineers in the electronics, transportation, construction and label industries deliver high performance at low cost.
Site designed and built by COLABThe Brands the World Trusts for Performance and Quality
is the world’s leading differentiated producer of and polyester and is able to meet the global and regional needs of those customers that value innovative and high quality films. is a 50:50 global joint venture between and Teijin. Only manufactures Mylar® brand, Melinex® brand, and Teonex® brand films.
For innovation, performance, quality and value, the brands of are the industry standard and the world’s first choice. Our brands comprise the broadest portfolio of any supplier in the industry, and have earned the trust of customers and consumers across the globe.
For more than 50 years, Mylar® polyester have been prized for their range of performance capabilities
Melinex® polyester are used in hundreds of products that touch our lives every day
Teonex® are designed to withstand extreme heat, harsh chemicals and rigorous processing
Welcome to the world of Films, global leader in the production of polyester films. Since its development by in 1952, polyester film has become part of our lives. We have built on this heritage through research, expertise—and true collaboration with our customers. Here you’ll learn how, through this spirit of teamwork, we’ve pushed the boundaries of science and helped our partners achieve remarkable success.
Site designed and built by COLABelectronics2
At Films, our values are the principles and ideals that drive everything we do. They are our pledge to ourselves, to one another—and to you.
Safety must be at the forefront of our minds in every task and situation,at all times. There is no job or activity worth doing if not done safely.
Inherent in our commitment to provide superior service to our customers is our commitment to provide them with the highest quality products.
Everyone must be treated respectfully and feel safe and supported in our work environment.
We will perform and behave ethically in all that we do.
We are here to help you. Reach out to us with any questions you might have and we can work on finding solutions for your needs.
The area surrounding the global headquarters is known as Bermuda Hundred, a peninsula located at the confluence of the James and Appomattox rivers. Bermuda Hundred was settled in 1613, but archeological findings suggest it was populated for thousands of years by Native Americans. Stone tools, pottery and remains of houses have been unearthed, evidence of prehistoric camps all along the peninsula.Bermuda Hundred became a primary settlement of the Virginia colony. It was the first town in America to be incorporated, and the first to offer private land ownership. By the late 1600s, Bermuda Hundred was an important trade center boasting private homes, churches, taverns and warehouses. During the 1700s, Bermuda Hundred housed one of Virginia’s largest plantations, Presquile, within which was the family home of colonist John Archer. The Archer family cemetery is located in the northeast corner of our property, and protects and maintains it to this day.
After the Civil War, during which Union troops used the area as an encampment, Bermuda Hundred prospered as a rail terminal, and steamships stopped here while providing passenger service along the East Coast. In 1914, built a dynamite factory in an area called Hopewell Farm. The town was incorporated as the city of Hopewell in 1916. In 1969, Imperial Chemical Industries purchased the land on which the Hopewell plant sits today. acquired the site in 1998, two years before that company and established Films. In 2008, global oversight of was consolidated here in Hopewell—the latest distinction for an area rich in historic significance.
Site designed and built by COLABelectronics2
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
The Products that am mostly interested in are:
Teonex® Polyethylene Naphthalate Film
The Markets that am mostly interested in are:
We are here to help you. Reach out to us with any questions you might have and we can work on finding solutions for your needs.
All job postings and career information can be found at 
We are here to help you. Reach out to us with any questions you might have and we can work on finding solutions for your needs.
