This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy .
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
When you fill out a form on our website.
The information you provide, including personal data such as name and job title, may be stored in our customer database if required to maintain further contact with you as it relates to the inquiry you’ve submitted.  When we gather this information, it is to better understand your needs and properly service your inquiry.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.  If you select a box on the form indicating your desire to be added to our mailing list, we may periodically send promotional emails via the email address you provided about new products or other information we think you may find interesting.  You will always be provided an option to opt-out of these communications.
If we enter a business relationship with you because of your inquiry, you may also receive periodic promotional emails tailored to your areas of interest. You will always be provided an option to opt-out of these communications.
We may also use your information to contact you by email, telephone, or mail for market research purposes.
We may use the data to help us assess the effectiveness of marketing campaigns.
We may use the data to help us improve the design of our website and make it more usable for you.
Stay Up-to-Date on our Latest Products & News
Join our email list and be the first to know about new products, white papers, studies, and more
Save Up to 50% Off Select Clearance Items
Take advantage of our newly discounted curing and dispensing systems. All clearance items are sold on a first come, first serve basis so make sure to get your order in today.
Light-Cure Solutions for Catheter & Needle Assembly
Watch this video to see a demonstration of adhesives being used in catheter and needle manufacturing and learn how light-curable adhesives are speeding up the assembly process and helping build safeguards into the manufacturing process.
Consistent, High-Intensity Curing in a Light Bar Design
With the new BlueWave® MX-275 flood curing system, light energy is delivered in a line pattern to allow for better batch curing.
SpeedMask® 731-REV-maskant is yellow in color, making it ideal for use on darker colored substrates where other color maskants might be difficult to see.
9 Keys to Successful Use of Radiometers
Make sure you are using your radiometer to the best of it's ability by following these 9 key tips.
New dual-cure 9483 conformal coating provides excellent thermal shock performance as well as excellent resistance to salt spray and sulfur corrosion
is a leading manufacturer of advanced light-curable adhesives, coatings, oligomers, light-curing equipment, and fluid dispense systems that work together to optimize assembly processes. The products manufactured by provide design engineers with tools to dramatically improve manufacturing efficiency and lower their costs. also offers customers comprehensive technical assistance with their product applications. The company serves the needs of the medical, electronic, optical, aerospace, automotive, appliance, metal finishing, and alternative energy markets worldwide.
Our Technology. Your Advantage
Learn about all the ways that can help manufacturers reduce costs, increase throughput, and improve their manufacturing processes with light-curing technology
Find the right solution for your company
Find a solution to fit your needs with our easy to use Product Finder
Introduces BlueWave® MX-Series Multichannel Controller
is proud to introduce the BlueWave® MX-Series Multichannel Controller, an controller that allows manufacturers to power up to four emitter workstations at once, independently or in any combination to provide flood and light bar patterns. The marked controller also features an touchscreen interface, separate admin and production modes, and footswitch or activation for easy ininto automated systems.
7 Reasons Why Light-Curable Adhesives are Best for Medical Device Assembly
Light-curable adhesives have several properties that make them ideal for use in medical device assembly. Learn the top seven reasons why in this infographic
