 This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The service requires full cookie support in order to view the website. 
This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The service requires full JavaScript support in order to view the website.
The intersection of film, art and analog culture
The intersection of film, art and analog culture
 Are you ready for the future of print?
Free e-book outlines six important trends in commercial print and how you can capitalize on them. 
Multiple film formats helped deliver a nostalgic quality and inherent texture
Learn more about the opportunity to charge a premium for sustainability
is a technology focused on imaging.
We provide - directly and through partnerships with other innovative companies - hardware, software, consumables and services to customers in graphic arts, commercial print, publishing, packaging, electronic displays, entertainment and commercial films, and consumer products markets. 
With our world-class R&capabilities, innovative solutions portfolio, and highly trusted brand, is helping customers around the globe to sustainably grow their businesses and enjoy their lives.
Though has mostly been known for its historic role in photography, the has served imaging needs of numerous industries since the early 1900s. Kodak's current portfolio is based on deep technological expertise developed over the years in materials science, deposition and digital imaging science. 
Using this expertise, the that delivered the first roll film and the first digital camera is now delivering leading solutions for today's business customers.
Today we are building new growth businesses based on our technology and the value of the brand. 
Motion picture and commercial films
1,200 acre innovation hub and manufacturing center
16 million square feet of manufacturing, distribution, lab and office space
68 companies with more than 6,600 employees working in the Park
Tremendous access to water, waste management, electricity, steam and chilled water
500 miles from 30% of the population of the and Canada
Doing Business with We work with many suppliers and vendors as a customer, a supplier and sometimes, as both. We also develop strategic relationships with government agencies, small business start-ups and universities.
 The technology that sets the standard and stands the test of time in the production, postproduction, distribution, exhibition and archiving of motion pictures worldwide.
Addresses and contact information for sales offices near you
Get help with a consumer product, such as a digital camera, inkjet printer, video monitor, or other consumer product questions.
Motion Picture Film from 16mm to 70mm, service and technical support, requests for collaboration, and support information.
Offset plates, computer-to-plate devices, electrophotographic printing solutions, Systems, Systems, Print on Demand Solutions (PODS), System, Touch sensor solutions, Software and other graphic
 Leverage Kodak's base manufacturing expertise and capabilities in specialty chemicals, coating & testing services, solvent recovery, gravure services, films, printed circuit boards and aerial imaging.
 Your trusted source for integrated document lifecycle services. We work with you to create the transformation solutions that will empower your business workflow.
 Land and buildings area available for lease or purchase while office/labs/manufacturing space for lease or services are available.
We bring the excitement of a start-up coupled with a brand that is recognized and respected in virtually every country around the world. 
Why not get in on the action?
Positions are currently available in:
We value our talent.
 In today's Kodak, we leverage each person's strengths and creativity. The expertise and talents of our employees run deep throughout the company, and we are looking for additional talented people –
                    both experienced and straight from college – who want an exciting opportunity to be part of our emerging business. 
Offering more than just a paycheck
We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits package that helps you plan for the future and enables you to balance work and life.
Our values are based on an unwavering commitment to diversity, ethical behavior and social responsibility.
We work intently on growing a diverse, inclusive and engaged workforce, essential to successful relationships with partners and customers around the world.
is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants are free to apply without regard to race, color, religion, sex/gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, citizenship
is an Equal Opportunity Employer and complies with the laws and regulations: 
is the Law - Spanish (PDF)
is the Law Supplement - English (PDF)
is the Law Supplement - Spanish (PDF)
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
In support of individuals with disabilities, has established alternative methods to complete the application process. Those in need of an accommodation, please contact 
With the slogan "you press the button, we do the rest," George put the first simple camera into the hands of a world of consumers in 1888. In so doing, he made a cumbersome and complicated process easy to use and accessible to nearly everyone.
Just as had a goal to make photography "as convenient as the pencil," continues to expand the ways images touch people's daily lives. Read on to Learn More.
				In 1880, George Eastman, a young hobbyist photographer and school dropout, became one of the first to successfully manufacture dry plates commercially in the United States. One year later and Henry Strong formed a partnership called the Dry Plate Company.
Our founder, George Eastman, devoted his life to making photography “as convenient as the pencil.”   His has been at the center of most milestones in photography and digital imaging ever since.
When George marketed the first commercial transparent roll film in 1889, it enabled Thomas Edison to develop the first motion picture camera.  Since then, has earned nine Oscar® statuettes – more than any other non-studio – for its technical contributions to the movie industry.
first sold materials designed for the printing industry in 1912.  During the 1950’s and 60’s we helped fuel the color revolution in books and magazines.  Today, we are part of a new revolution – to bring sustainable, as well as digital, solutions to commercial printers and publishers.
Given young George Eastman’s experience as a bank clerk, it’s not surprising created a variety of technologies to preserve, copy and manage documents.   One descendant of Kodak’s document technologies is the fastest commercial inkjet print engine in today’s printing industry.
From John Glenn’s first orbit to his historic return to space more than 35 years later… from man’s first walk on the moon, to the Mars Rover’s exploration of that planet’s rough terrain.  Our technology has enabled many Moments from space.
Kodak’s role in health imaging began less than a year after Wilhelm Roentgen discovered the x-ray.  In the decades that followed, technology helped medical professionals get an inside look at their patients’ health. 
The name is recognized around the world for its long heritage of delivering imaging innovations. The is now writing its next chapter as a technology focused on imaging.
Since 1884,  has been the brand customers associate with high-quality imaging  products. Kodak’s long history in photography has made it one of the most  widely recognized and trusted brands in the world. Today, is applying its  materials science expertise, which has its roots in film manufacturing, to new  applications ranging from touch sensors to 3printing and beyond.
is looking to  partner with technology and lifestyle businesses to expand the iconic brand’s  global consumer footprint. If you are interested in licensing the brand,  please 
President, Motion Picture and Entertainment
Vice President and General Manager, Unified Workflow Solutions
For profiles of our board of directors, please visit the 
Real Estate at  Find your new home in a property!  In downtown Rochester,  Tower Commons provides the amenities of a global corporation with plenty of parking.  Business Park is home to almost one hundred companies engaged in research, manufacturing and distribution and we have room for more. And our offices in Israel provide a convenient home for innovation. Join us! Learn more today about real estate.
Our space, your business. Complete corporate amenities for businesses of any size in a desirable downtown location.
Take advantage of 2.5 million square feet of facility space of virtually all types, available for immediate occupancy, for sale and/or lease.
Offering affordable office and lab space at Kodak’s Israel location. 
is committed to meeting the needs of an ever-changing world. Our tradition of social and environmental responsibility, combined with our innovative customer solutions, make the right partner for those pursuing sustainable business growth in today's marketplace. This long-standing commitment has been an unwavering constant throughout our history and continues to drive the company's efforts and progress into the future.
has a rich history of leadership in sustainable products and operations, and today we’re innovating new ways to raise the bar of environmental performance even higher.
is focused on operating its facilities in an environmentally responsible manner and creating products that offer market-leading environmental characteristics. Across all global operations, teams are committed to implementing new ways to reduce waste, lower energy consumption, conserve water and reduce harmful emissions. Kodak’s market-leading products help our customers operate in an environmentally sustainable manner.
At today’s Kodak, we recognize that if we are to build a bright future for our company, our employees must be engaged and fulfilled in their work, our workplaces must be safe, and we must do our part to support the communities around the world in which
    we operate. That’s why we are committed to a diverse, inclusive and engaging workplace dedicated to attracting, developing and retaining highly skilled individuals with a variety of perspectives from all cultures and every segment of the population.
takes great pride in our long tradition of supporting charitable and philanthropic entities.
 is an opportunity for employees to nominate their colleagues based on volunteer work in their communities. Each awardee receives a grant for their organization in recognition of their service.
 enables employees to take one day of paid leave per year to volunteer in their communities. 
 focusses on developing sustainable printing technologies and solutions, while employees help drive and support local literacy initiatives.
consulting and outsourcing business process organization within a technology focused on imaging. 
From Business Process Outsourcing to Scanning & Data Capture to Document Lifecycle Management, we are making changes daily to ensure the best opportunities to save organizations time and valuable resources.
About Rich with history, has been an international influence for more than a century. Bringing technology forward through inventive design and innovative solutions.
We’ve helped many companies update their processes to further success. From banking solutions to government applications, Solutions for Business has delivered time and time again for international organizations looking to modernize.
George was an American entrepreneur whose passion for his was matched by his devotion to the community and commitment to numerous philanthropic organizations and academic institutions. takes great pride in our long tradition of supporting charitable and philanthropic entities. 
Cares: Partners in the Community
The Cares Partners in the Community program encourages volunteerism and recognizes employees for their service in their local communities.
is focused on charitable giving and philanthropic leadership in communities we call home. Our employees around the globe contribute their time and talents to local organizations and causes. 
is focused on developing sustainable printing technologies and solutions, while employees are helping to drive and support local literacy initiatives.
All community sponsorship or donation requests can be emailed to the Community Affairs Team at 
. The team is not considering requests for grants or monetary donations at this time. We encourage you to check back for up-to-date information on new programs and initiatives.
The first commercial transparent roll film, perfected by and his research chemist, was put on the market. The availability of this flexible film made possible the development of Thomas Edison's motion picture camera in 1891. new corporation - The - was formed, taking over the assets of the Dry Plate and Film Company.
First public announcement of Safety Acetate Support based on successful burning test results vs. Nitrate Support.
In 1912 George was one of the first American industrialists to organize a research laboratory. This picture was taken at Research Laboratories in Rochester, New York, in 1920.
provides Cellulose Acetate Base film to Thomas Edison, Inc., Orange, for use in Home Kinescopes
Supplied 22mm wide film containing 3 linear rows of pictures with perforations between the rows.
made amateur motion pictures practical with the introduction of 16 mm reversal film on cellulose acetate (safety) base, the first 16 mm CINE-Motion Picture Camera, and the Projector. The immediate popularity of 16 mm movies resulted in a network of processing laboratories throughout the world.
Kodacolor, a lenticular additive color film introduced for 16mm movies. Motion pictures in color became a reality for amateur cinematographers with the introduction of 16 mm Film.
The introduced its first motion picture film designed especially for making the then-new sound motion pictures.
First 3-color Technicolor film stocks introduced.
Awarded Oscar® -- (5th Academy Year) Class Scientific or Technical Award for the Type 2-Sensitometer
The first 8 mm amateur motion-picture film, cameras, and projectors were introduced.
Awarded Oscar® -- (8th Academy Year) Class Scientific or Technical Award for the development of the Pola-Screen
Film was introduced and became the first commercially successful amateur color film initially in 16 mm for motion pictures. Then 35 mm slides and 8 mm home movies followed in 1936.
new home movie camera was announced which used film in magazines instead of rolls - the 16 mm Magazine CINE-Camera. year later, introduced its first 16 mm sound-on-film projector, the Sound Special Projector.
George used this long table to manufacture rolls of flexible film in 200-foot lengths. Thomas Edison was one of the first customers. Edison needed the film to complete his invention of a motion picture camera and projector.
Duplicating film, 5262 (16mm). Also used as a camera film. Replaced by 5265 in 1940.
Fine Grain Sound Recording Film, 1360 (Nitrate Base). For variable area sound recording.
Fine Grain Sound Recording Film, 1366 (Nitrate Base). For variable density sound recording.
Oscar® Awarded to Emery Huse and Ralph Atkinson of -- (12th Academy Year) Class for their specifications for chemical analysis of photographic developers and fixing baths.is committed to operating in an environmentally, ethically and socially responsible manner. This commitment includes maintaining safe facilities and operations and providing goods that are safe and minimize environmental                 burdens throughout their life cycle. Our suppliers play a key role in this commitment.
Kodak's Supplier Standard sets expectations for supplier health, safety, environmental, labor and ethical performance, and formalizes expectations that we have always asked our suppliers to commit to. regards the Standard as a total                 supply chain initiative, and thus, we expect our suppliers to pass these expectations down to their suppliers to ensure conformance throughout the supply chain.
(Kodak) expects that products supplied to will meet all applicable legal requirements during manufacture, distribution, and sale. Supplier products must also meet additional requirements that go beyond compliance                 to reduce the environmental impact of products.
The purpose of EKSP-2285, Health, Safety, and Environmental (HSE) Specifications for Products, Parts and Packaging is to communicate product requirements to suppliers. This document is revised periodically and suppliers are expected                 to meet the most current specifications.
The Supplier is expected to complete Kodak's Declaration Form (DF) in order to document product conformance for all Supplier sites that supply products to Kodak. Send completed Declaration Forms to: WW-MCD@kodak.com .
As a requirement under the Federal Hazard Communication standard, the chemical supplier shall provide a material safety data sheet (MSDS) that meets all the requirements of the standard for each chemical product purchased.
Each MSDS, or its cover sheet, shall have the Purchase Order Number referenced on it.
(“Kodak”) believes that doing business on a global basis means acting right by customers, employees, and its neighbors in every location it operates. The operation of facilities, as well as those operated by our                 suppliers, should increase value by developing the individual, supporting the well-being of the community, and promoting respect for the environment.
expects its suppliers to contribute to these goals. Accordingly, suppliers are required to act according to Kodak’s Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Supplier Performance Standard. They must also comply with the Code of Conduct of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and Kodak’s Corporate Responsibility Principles. standards outline practices expressly geared toward upholding the dignity and respect of workers and prohibiting the use of forced, bonded,                 indentured labor or involuntary prison labor. The has developed processes to review its supply chain to identify potential risk areas, require adherence with the principles stated in the above documents as part of its contractual                 relations with suppliers, require Suppliers to certify that they will comply with applicable laws and regulations in any country in which they operate, and directly evaluate compliance as a basis for their continued association with Kodak.                 Suppliers may be subject to audit, with reasonable notice, by a third party under the Validated Audit Program and/or by directly. Within Kodak, employees responsible for procurement receive training on both member requirements                 and expectations outlined in the Supplier Performance Standard and Corporate Responsibility Principles.