Be Ready for GxAudits.
With Xterity, determine the fixed monthly cost of any cloud environment in minutes.
What Our Customers Say
FitPro has realized a cumulative 30% savings year-over-year by using Xterity for cloud services rather than continuing to add, refresh and maintain our internal servers exclusively.
Senior Vice President Operations and Chief Compliance and Security Officer
“Leveraging the Xterity Cloud allows Scerto focus on our core business mission of providing outstanding services and solutions to our clients.  We are helped in that mission by a team of dedicated professionals with the same customer service passion making it easy to expand services without any worry or sleepless nights.”
We looked closely at both Azure and Xterity and decided to base our cloud offering on Xterity after considering both ‘hard’ and ‘soft’ factors. First, its drag and drop interface makes it extremely easy to use and we found its performance to be top-notch. We also liked the fact that we could get wholesale, predictable pricing and billing and there was no barrier to entry.
“cannot praise the quality of Egenera’s pre- and post sales enough. No problem is too small and there is a genuine feeling that the team is always listening to customer feedback and evolving.  I’ve been in this industry for over 25 years and know the difference between bad, good and truly excellent support and Egenera’s technical support team is firmly excellent."
Xterity offered us the cloud services we were looking for with higher margins, a simple to use portal that allowed us to make configuration changes with a few clicks, and a better partnering experience than the bigger players.
The one thing that completely set Xterity apart from the competition was its partner experience. We get fantastic pre- and post-sales support along with an extremely high level of technical support from experienced cloud engineers that are readily available to us at no extra cost. We would never get that level of support from any of the big players.
Egenera’s pay as you go model, worldwide footprint and worldwide 24/7/365 support made Xterity the obvious choice for us to base our new Gxoffering on.
FitPro has realized a cumulative 30% savings year-over-year by using Xterity for cloud services rather than continuing to add, refresh and maintain our internal servers exclusively.
Senior Vice President Operations and Chief Compliance and Security Officer
“Leveraging the Xterity Cloud allows Scerto focus on our core business mission of providing outstanding services and solutions to our clients.  We are helped in that mission by a team of dedicated professionals with the same customer service passion making it easy to expand services without any worry or sleepless nights.”
We looked closely at both Azure and Xterity and decided to base our cloud offering on Xterity after considering both ‘hard’ and ‘soft’ factors. First, its drag and drop interface makes it extremely easy to use and we found its performance to be top-notch. We also liked the fact that we could get wholesale, predictable pricing and billing and there was no barrier to entry.
“cannot praise the quality of Egenera’s pre- and post sales enough. No problem is too small and there is a genuine feeling that the team is always listening to customer feedback and evolving.  I’ve been in this industry for over 25 years and know the difference between bad, good and truly excellent support and Egenera’s technical support team is firmly excellent."
nextKevin Kerrigan has over two decades of financial and operational leadership experience in both public and private companies. As CEO, Kerrigan oversees Egenera’s global operations.
Prior to Egenera, Kerrigan served as Vice President at First Marblehead, a financial services company that provides outsourcing services for private, non-governmental, education lending in the United States. During his tenure, he was a key member of the leadership that managed the company through significant growth as a new public company. Prior to First Marblehead, Kerrigan was the principal financial and accounting officer at Diacrin (acquired by GenVec), a publicly traded biotechnology company. He has also held positions in the audit divisions of Ernst & Young and Price Waterhouse LLP.
Kerrigan has been a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts since 1996. He is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Massachusetts Society of Certified Public Accountants. He received a Bachelors of Science degree in Business Administration from Merrimack College and a Masters in Taxation degree from Northeastern University.
As Chief Technology Officer and Executive Vice President of Engineering, Scott Geng has more than 20 years’ experience managing and designing software for mission-critical environments. He has deep experience in operating systems, distributed computing, clustering, high availability and middleware technologies. Geng has been instrumental in the design and development of Egenera’s Manager architecture and has led the software team in delivering each release since the Company was founded.
Prior to joining Egenera, Geng managed the development of leading-edge operating systems and middleware products for Hitachi Computer Products, including development of the operating system for the world’s then-fastest commercial supercomputer and the first industry-compliant Enterprise JavaBeans Server. Geng has also held senior technical positions at IBM, where he served as advisory programmer and team leader in bringing to the mainframe; The Open Software Foundation, where he served as consulting engineer for the OSF/1 1.3 micro-kernel release; and Wang Laboratories, as principle engineer for the base kernel and member of the architectural review board.
Geng holds bachelor of arts and master of science degrees in computer science from Boston University.
Dan Busby, Vice President, Product Management
Dan Busby was one of Egenera’s first employees, leading the conceptual definition and development for the company’s inaugural product, Bladeframe, and a principle in many of the resulting patents. He is relied upon as an expert in Intel architecture based server technologies, datacenter facility technologies, regulatory compliance standards and user experience disciplines.
Since 2006, Busby has been responsible for product management and technical alliances that tracks target markets, industry trends and competitiveness, ensuring Egenera’s products meet market demands and customer expectations.
Prior to Egenera, Busby held engineering management positions at Apollo Computer, Hewlett Packard, Stratus Computer and Lucent technologies where he developed and released dozens of server and workstation products for use in offices and datacenters worldwide.
Scott Harris is Vice President of Services at Egenera, and is responsible for all field engineering and support around the globe. With over 15 years of experience in managing service based environments, he has been an instrumental part of supporting Egenera’s Cloud Suite solutions in a vast array of customer environments.
In his career, Scott has held leadership roles in both consulting and for a variety of organizations and he attended Northeastern School of Industrial Engineering.
Rick Carbone, Vice President of Sales
With more than 36 years of enterprise computing and professional services sales leadership experience, Rick Carbone leads both the Direct and Indirect sales channels.
Prior to Egenera, Carbone served as Vice President, Sales for Unisys Northeast Region. During his tenure at Unisys, Carbone held key leadership positions in sales, sales operations, marketing, product management and channel development. In his most recent position, Carbone lead a team of Account Executives who consulted with clients to solve Mission Critical business issues through the implementation of enterprise computing technologies and professional services solutions.
Carbone holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Management Science from Kean University and has participated in several Executive Management Forums at Columbia University and The Wharton School of Business.
As President of K.K, Minoru Ohki brings over 30 years’ experience in industries. He is responsible for oversight of Egenera’s Japanese market, including product sales and services, achieving 20 times the service revenue on behalf of for the past 5 years.
Ohki has previously held positions as a Sales Manager for DEC; President of Octel Japan; Sales Director at Lucent Technologies; President of Telemedia Japan; and Vice President of Sales for NCR.
Ohki holds a bachelor of law degree from Komazawa University.
Joe L’Italien, Vice President Channel Sales
Joe L’Italien has over two decades of sales management experience in technology startups and re-starts. Joe serves as the Vice President of Channel Sales helping partners drive better margins and revenue for their cloud businesses.
Prior to Egenera, L’Italien served security Saacompanies such as Avecto and BeyondTrust as well as Management companies DesktopStandard and NetManage. During his tenure at DesktopStandard, he was the of Worldwide Sales and a key member of the leadership team that grew revenue into an acquisition by Microsoft. As of Sales at both Avecto and BeyondTrust, L’Italien’s teams drove revenue significantly to a point where these companies were acquired.
L’Italien has been building and managing direct and channel sales teams domestically and globally since 1992. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from Merrimack College.
Share this:Xterity Cloud Services are available globally and are sold exclusively through our channel partners
If you would like to become an Xterity Partner or find out more about the process, please complete the form here. One of our channel account managers will contact you shortly to discuss our partner programs in more detail.
was founded in 2000 to deliver “tomorrow’s datacenter – today.” Since then we’ve been providing highly reliable, advanced server virtualization/converged infrastructure solutions. Building on this experience, we developed Xterity Cloud Services specifically for the channel. Xterity Cloud Services provides an intuitive, drag-and-drop cloud management solution that simplifies all cloud workflow processes including customized design, deployment, scalability, management, pricing, margin analysis, and billing.Without the inherent complexities found in other cloud services, Xterity partners are liberated to focus on providing higher value, higher margin services to their clients. Xterity Cloud Services combine the security and reliability of Tier 3 datacenters with enterprise-class hardware and software to deliver wholesale managed private and public cloud Iaaservices including bare metal, disaster recovery, backup, and migration. 24x7x365 partner support and assigned account management is included at no additional cost to help ensure success for our partners and their clients.
ContactTeams Up with Brigantia Partners for Xterity Cloud Services Distribution in the UK
Boxborough, Mass. – December 5, 2017 –  , a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the channel today announced that it has signed a strategic partnership with Brigantia Partners, the largest subscription community of independent technology resellers and MSPs in the United Kingdom. Under the agreement, Brigantia is offering Egenera’s Xterity Cloud Services to its extensive network of UK-based partners.
“We’re seeing demand for cloud ramping up significantly among MSPs and solution providers,” said Iain Shaw, commercial director, Brigantia. “End users are asking for cloud and the channel is actively looking for competitively priced, high quality services with top notch support and management. Brigantia can now deliver with Xterity.”
Egenera’s Xterity Cloud Services deliver a full range of dedicated, managed, private and public cloud services, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS), Backup as a Service (BaaS), and cloud migration exclusively through the channel.
With Xterity, resellers can quickly enter the cloud services market with no up-front capital or ongoing maintenance costs. Unlike reselling cloud services from large, commodity cloud vendors, Xterity delivers the margins resellers need to develop a profitable and sustainable cloud services business.
“Brigantia delivers tremendous value to its MSPs and solutions providers in the and we’re looking forward to partnering with such a significant force in the market,” said Till Brennan, vice president, Sales, Egenera.
Brigantia Partners Limited was a management buyout from Techgate plc in January 2016. Originally founded in 1996, as a sales aid business leasing brokerage, over the past twenty years Brigantia has evolved into the largest subscription partner services community in the with hundreds of technology channel partners. Brigantia exists to add value to its partners’ businesses either by reducing costs or by increasing sales. Beyond increasing profits, Brigantia aims to add capital value to its partners’ businesses. Brigantia is headquartered in Northern England but also has a London office. For more information, visit  www.brigantia.com  or call 44-20-3358-0078.
About is a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the channel. Xterity, Egenera’s cloud service, offers Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Backup as a Service (BaaS), Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS) and cloud migration to partners seeking to deliver monthly recurring revenue cloud services with no upfront costs, and compelling margins. Headquartered in Boxborough, Mass., hosts Xterity in Tier 3 and Tier 3+ datacenters in Boston, MA, Ashburn, VA, San Jose, CA, London, Newcastle, Dublin(2) and Tokyo. For more information on the company, please visit egenera.com. Follow on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Professional Services provides consulting engagements designed to quickly help customers get the most out of any of our platforms, products and solutions. Whether you need assistance managing and reselling Xterity Cloud Services, help with adopting a converged infrastructure for the first time, or a new domain provisioned, can help you do it in record time and with minimal risk. For customers with more unique needs, including providing temporary administrative or architectural help, also provides customized consulting engagements.
For additional information on how Professional Services can help you, contact your reseller or the account team at 
Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS)
The Cloud is transforming how services are delivered, by giving users an easy way to request and consume computing infrastructure. In fact, a recent survey found that data center managers expect to allocate nearly 50% of their budgets to cloud services (public and private) in 2013. With this increase in the use of cloud is the need for cloud management software.
For service providers, cloud services are a revenue-generating opportunity that clients need and will pay for. For enterprise organizations, an internal cloud is a way to enable user self-service and cost-effectively provide resources on demand, while allocating expenses with increased granularity.
The Cloud Director management software platform makes it simple for both organizations and service providers to design, request, provision, protect and manage as a service.
has an intuitive easy-to-use interface that provides drag and drop functionality
has unique capabilities for service providers to enable multi-tier channel sales including real-time costing and margin management, billing, self-service provisioning and service level agreement integration
in combination with Manager, is the only product in the market that provides lifecycle management for both physical and virtual resources – enabling clouds consisting of a mix of both bare metal and virtual resources. This enables users to secure the resources that best match their application needs and budget requirements.
Self-service solution designed to enable users to:
Create request-based resource catalogs
Customize the user interface for company/user brands
Provisioning of end-to-end server resource solution
Auto-deploy server environments, activate billing linkage, present licensing authorizations, present server environment status
Deploy on physical and virtual server environments
Track, monitor and manage resources for quality and optimization
Get detailed status of client/user experience; performance monitoring (CPU, network etc.)
Update, adapt and customize client solutions to meet demand
Charge for services delivered with a real time pricing and billing engine
Datacenter operator and distributor/reseller use the same tool for billing
Export data to business billing systemsLaunches New Xterity Partner Program Designed for MSPs and Solutions Providers
Boxborough, Mass. – January 9, 2018 – , a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the channel today announced the launch of the Xterity Partner Program (XPP), a new program designed to empower the company’s fast-growing network of resellers to capitalize on the exploding demand for cloud services in the and mid-market.
Egenera’s Xterity Cloud Services are sold 100 percent through the channel and deliver a full range of dedicated, managed, private and public cloud services, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS), Backup as a Service (BaaS), and cloud migration.
Egenera’s channel partners already benefit from a wholesale pricing structure that delivers the margins resellers need to develop a profitable and sustainable cloud services business.
offers partners a complete set of tools and incentives for MSPs, ISVs and solution providers to quickly build and grow cloud revenue while reducing their service delivery costs, including:
“recognizes the importance of its partner community and is investing heavily to give partners the incentives, tools, and training to help drive revenue and increase opportunities, “said John Nelson., senior vice president of operations and chief compliance and security officer (CCSO) at ScerIS, an and solutions resource provider located in Sudbury, Mass. “The Xterity Partner Program will improve the way we onboard our sales and technical staff and will make them more productive faster, allowing us to improve our reach to current and future clients as our business grows.”
Andrew Worthington, manager, iTechnologies Limited, an service provider in Macclesfield, Cheshire, England, commented, “The new Xterity Partner Program reflects Egenera’s commitment to the channel. True partnerships require an investment from both the vendor and the service provider. The new program builds upon the good relationship we already have with and delivers the tools, training and incentives to help partners like itake our cloud business to new levels.”
“Our partners are in the business of serving their clients, not selling technology products. Because of this, we designed to be simple and straightforward, with tools that make it easy for partners to add Xterity Cloud Services to their portfolio and offer them to their clients,” said Pete Manca, president and of Egenera. “Our network of 250+ partners worldwide will see immediate value in and we’re looking forward to welcoming new partners seeking to deliver enterprise-class cloud services in the coming months and years. At Egenera, we know our path to success requires us to first enable our partners to be successful.”
About is a leading provider of wholesale cloud services to the channel. Xterity, Egenera’s cloud service, offers Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Backup-as-a-Service (BaaS), Disaster-Recovery-as-a-Service (DRaaS) and cloud migration to partners seeking to deliver monthly recurring revenue cloud services with no upfront costs, and compelling margins. Headquartered in Boxborough, Mass., hosts Xterity in Tier 3 and Tier 3+ datacenters in Boston, MA, Ashburn, VA, San Jose, CA, London, Newcastle, Dublin(2) and Tokyo. For more information on the company, please visit egenera.com. Follow on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
For rapid deployment of on premise clouds
 to deliver a best in class cloud management software platform that makes it simple to design, deploy, manage and protect as a cloud service. In combination, these software components deliver the most comprehensive cloud management and data center management software solution in the market today. Cloud Suite may be deployed as a comprehensive package, or each of the data center and cloud management software products may be licensed separately.
Watch the Cloud Suite video to learn more
Contactwas founded in 2000 to deliver “tomorrow’s datacenter – today.” Since then we’ve been providing highly reliable, advanced server virtualization/converged infrastructure solutions. Building on this experience, we developed our Xterity Cloud Services platform.
Our Xterity Cloud platform provides an intuitive, drag-and-drop cloud management solution that simplifies all cloud workflow processes including customized server/solution design, deployment, bi-directional scalability, management, pricing, margin analysis, and billing.
Without the inherent complexities found in other cloud services, Xterity users are liberated to focus on providing higher value, higher margin services. Xterity Cloud Services combine the security and reliability of Tier 3 datacenters with enterprise-class hardware and software to deliver highly reliable private and public cloud Iaaservices including bare metal, disaster recovery, backup, and migration. 24x7x365 support and assigned account management is included at no additional cost to help ensure success for our customers.
To learn more about our Xterity Cloud platform, please contact us at your convenience.
Manager was designed to bring business agility and continuity to key applications such as databases, application servers, and transaction processing. Our customers are able to lower the cost of delivering and operating core services by using Manager to drive improvements.
As such, Manager an ideal platform for both emerging and existing applications, such as those that are already established with and implementations.
By combining the NetWeaver platform with Egenera’s datacenter infrastructure management solutions, companies can simplify administration of their environments and cut costs.
Use cases specific to environments include:
Cloning an system: You can clone an entire system in minimal time without requiring physical configuration, duplicating the production environment and maintaining all network associations among components automatically
Adding new applications: The server definition need only be specified once and then used to migrate the new application into production within minutes
has been an global technology partner since 2005.  In addition, has received the Adaptive Computing certificate of conformity for integration with NetWeaver on the Microsoft Windows operating system.
is part of the “Citrix Ready” program and as such integrates with both XenServer and XenDesktop. With XenServer, the Xen hypervisor is embedded as the Egenera® vBlade™ software – an extension to Egenera® Manager™ software – providing enterprise customers with the industry’s most integrated, available and manageable virtualized environment. The combination enables customers to better utilize today’s ultra fast processors and manage virtual machines more simply and effectively, provide to both physical and virtual environments, drive server consolidation and decreasing costs and administration time.
XenDesktop lets you deliver  on-demand virtual desktop  and applications anywhere and to any type of device – bringing unprecedented flexibility and mobility to your workforce. As this “virtualized copy” of the desktop is hosted as a virtual machine on a hypervisor (Like XenServer), instead of on the local PC, Manger can be and is used extensively with the Citrix XenDesktop product to provide resiliency and continuity for the infrastructure supporting thousands of virtual desktops.
delivers converged infrastructure and cloud management solutions to solve some of today’s most pressing data center challenges. Our products have also been adapted to specific applications and industries.
See how Egenera’s cloud services and infrastructure solutions can help you and your business reach new levels of performance and reliability through unified computing:
Datacenter consolidation is an important strategy for organizations today to reduce costs and eliminate unneeded infrastructure. Learn more about how software solutions can help you do both. 
The Cloud is transforming how services are delivered both by enterprises and service providers. Egenera’s Cloud Suite is a premier cloud management solution that makes it easy to design, request, provision, protect and manage as a service. Explore our solutions for 
Today’s workplace is fast becoming a mobile enterprise. Employees, customers and partners need access to enterprise applications from anywhere at anytime, and increasingly want to use their own mobile devices to do so. Find out how Cloud Suite can help you set up a mobile cloud service. 
Enterprises are implementing internal and hybrid cloud services in order to gain flexibility and agility, and provide self-service computing resources to their users. Find out how technology can help. 
Manager was designed to bring business continuity and agility to key applications such as databases, application servers, and transaction processing. Our customers are able to lower the cost of delivering and operating core services by using Manager uptime software to drive improvements. 
Manager Software is installed in over 1,600 sites worldwide, representing a wide range of industries and business applications. In organizations where agility, resilience and business continuity are crucial, manager’s unique capabilities are critically acclaimed. 
Disaster Recovery as a Service (DRaaS)
