Monitors & Rooms
hand·made (hănd′mād´)
Made or prepared by hand rather than by machine.
made by hand, not by machine.
Monitors & Rooms
FOLD! made it into the short-list
Monitors in Motion - Made by the Inventor - Made by Made for you ...
Silent. Svelte. Light. Precise. Integrated Stepper Motors & elegant Aluminum Design
Show me ...
Made for Consulting, Bank, Service Center & more: & ROTATIS
Matching Solution ...
Motorized Solution, adjustable Monitor angle, countless motions, beautiful design, timeless materials, durable mechanics
Make your choice ...
Smart engineering and integrated solutions are often not obvious: TCP/remote, stepper motor, smooth connections, plug'n'play-design
Discover the Invisible ...
Screen always visible
Retractable Monitor & Tray
we serve your demands ...
Conference Room Landwehr Akademy
The big conference room of the meeting and seminar center Akademy in Wietmarschen-Lohne in Lower Saxony is representative and ergonomically equipped with ....
FOLD! became Inavation Award Technology Finalist 2019 …
FOLD! motorized floating Monitor – enjoy the video …
FOLD! – Breathtaking – Unique
Compact Preview Monitors in the County Council Waldshut
Retractable Monitors for the Town Hall Untereisesheim
New SOCKET-desktop connection panel
Savings Bank branch with Integrated Monitors – University Kassel …
DATE! – APRIL
Series – vertically retractable Monitors  …
Board Room Mid-Brandenburgian Savings Bank
“INVISIBLE” – Retractable Monitors on 2018 …
Aluminum & Leather – Integrated Monitors in the Center of Paris …
Customized black – Retractable Monitors in the heart of Moscow
and Retractable Monitors in the Etihad Towers …
is Finalist at Awards 2018 …
Conference Hall County Osnabrück
We´ve got two new great sales colleagues!
8 mm is the Benchmark!
Conference Room Landwehr Akademy
First Impressions count – Customized Monitor Surface on demand
in the Monitor housing – This little useful thing
City of Guetersloh, Council Chamber
2017 – Year of the Blade
Meet us on 22nd of July at SMARTMETALS
Retractable Monitors & Rooms – Part IV
Retractable Monitors & Rooms – Part III
Retractable Monitors & Rooms – Part II
Retractable Monitors & Rooms Part I
InfoComm Show – 08.-10. June, Las Vegas
lean+ vision – Conference Solution perfectly integrated
22TS10 – Awarded!
wünscht Frohe Ostern!
Ce2016 – and “New Work”
Integrated Systems Europe 2016 – Review
Merry Christmas!!
Retractable Monitors in the New National Defense Center of Russia …
is Finalist for 2016 …
Senat Angola inaugurated …
of Stencils available …
„How Consulting becomes an Experience“ – Monitor & Projection
Explained in 60 seconds: Integration
10x synchronized Retractable Monitors in a Board Room
2x Integrated Sockets as standard
infoComm 2015 Orlando – 17.-19. June
at Dubai, 18.-21. May
– How we combine Design Monitor with two Microphones
See, touch and interact with the latest innovations in technologies at Westbury’s Technology Showcase.
Stencils for your Table design
Integrated Systems Europe 2015
Quiet as can be…
Retail Application…
Want to know more?
Monitors & Rooms
© Registered in Germany - 362850 Mannheim.
 Web design by Isobarmade by hand, not by machine.
– The Team behind Innovations
The Team knows how to manufacture high-end monitor solutions and Equipment. “Made in Germany” really means “Best skills and years of experience”. The development and manufacturing of integrated monitor systems for real multimedia furniture and environment requires not only creative ideas, but also an innovative – team – spirit and the diligence of precise knowledge about the concrete application scenarios. Product development at does not occur in a vacuum – it is based on a broad foundation of project experience, knowledge about equipment, its current and long-term market developments and a feel for the needs of our partners and customers.
The close-knit network of control points that guarantee the constantly high quality standard at in manufacturing Monitors & Equipment to being part of full functional Multimedia Furniture begins right with the incoming goods. This includes well conceived reports, a precise test of all production parts and a 100% check of the visible parts. Until final acceptance, a device passes through four testing stations and is also subject to a picture test programme and power and friction measurements. Mechanical components such as pinching protection and the velocity of the retraction mechanism are electronically adjusted in a precise way here by the Tech Team. After approval and final cleaning, the devices are subject to another visual inspectio nand packaged in special cartons – completeness with an exact package list and a final photo report of the content is guaranteed.
Web design by Isobarmade by hand, not by machine.
… formed the company in 2001, we have been concentrating on the flexible integration of high-quality retractable monitor technology in furniture and systems.
In our own factory…
… at the headquarters in Baden-Württemberg Kuppenheim, we continually work on the optimization of the innovative, patented mechanisms for the seamless embedding of monitors in the surfaces of tables and conference furniture. Selected components, precise, durable mechanics and an elegant design go hand in hand. We are also increasingly dedicating ourselves to the development and manufacturing of digital information signs and display solutions for presentation and sales rooms – and intelligent lifts for conference technology.
Monitors & Rooms
hand·made (hănd′mād´)
Made or prepared by hand rather than by machine.
made by hand, not by machine.
Monitors & Rooms
We´ve got two new great sales colleagues!
Who is it?
How do they look like?
Stay tuned until next week …
FOLD! ist “InAVation Award Technology Finalist 2019” …
				Bitte geben Sie uns Ihre Stimme! Die Wahl ist ab sofort möglich, zu den InAVate InAVation Awards 2019. Bitte...			
FOLD! became Inavation Award Technology Finalist 2019 …
				NOW! Voting is now open for the Inavate InAVation Awards 2019. Please vote for our FOLD! Retractable TouchMonitor...			
Want to know more?
Monitors & Rooms
© Registered in Germany - 362850 Mannheim.
