The Lower Klallam Tribe is a sovereign, federally recognized Indian Nation, with its own constitution and 
. Not only does the Tribe govern itself, but many Tribal administrative 
 oversee the everyday function of the reservation and provide for Tribal members.
The Lower Klallam Tribe resides in the Lower River Valley and adjacent bluffs on the north coast of the Olympic Peninsula just west of Port Angeles, Washington. As recognized by the United States in 1855’s 
The Tribe’s current landbase was initially acquired by the United States in trust for the Tribe in 1935-36 and these lands were proclaimed as the Lower Reservation in 1968. Today tribal lands include about 1,000 acres on and near the 
To ensure that the Lower Klallam people can pass on their way of life to their children.
To build a strong and healthy sovereign nation where Tribal members live their 
This means enhancing the lives of our people both physically and spiritually through social well being and economic independence while preserving and enhancing our natural resources and cultural heritage.
The artifacts found at the č̕ixʷícən village site document trading links from around the world. There were blue glass beads found that were probably obtained during trading in the late 1700’s.
The Chinese coins that were found bear the reign date of Qian Long or Chi’en Lung (1736-1796) on one side, and the mint mark of Yunnan province on the other side. These coins were found buried with a medicine man. They will someday be reburied, for all of the artifacts that were found buried with an ancestor belongs to them.
Many arrow heads made with different types of rock were found at the site. Some of the rock material found was from Oregon and Western Washington. Nephrite, a dense, heavy stone available in Canada, was a prized trade item sought by woodworkers at č̕ixʷícən.
Sadly, trading also brought exposure to diseases to which the Native peoples had no resistance. At the č̕ixʷícən village site, a massive burial was uncovered with evidence of a huge smallpox epidemic. In all of Klallam history since contact, this has been the single most devastating event that has impacted the Klallam people.​
The Deconstruction of the Pysht Village
The Old Lady at the Dance
The Klallam lived off the land and the water given to them by the creator.  They traveled mainly by cedar dugout canoes, but also had many trails.  They had runners that delivered messages from village to village.  The messengers would literally run the trails between villages to pass along news and announcements to other bands of Klallam.
common misperception is that the Klallam did not travel into the mountains. Klallam families traveled up and over the Olympic Mountains to gather medicinal plants, berries, bear grass, and cattails, as well as to hunt for bear, deer, and elk.  Villages were on the shores of the Straits, as well as upriver.  Some areas were occupied on a seasonal basis, and some places year-round.  The River was a natural byway for subsistence activities, and also for social gatherings.
One Klallam mother hiked up the and over to Taholah at the mouth of the Quinault River every summer with her five children to visit relatives.  The Klallam considered the Olympic Mountains sacred, and revered the mountains’ glory.​
​​The oldest known ancestor from the Klallam who lived on the was Hunter John. He lived in a village where Indian Creek spills into the Elwha. This village was called titiʔə́ɬ.
He also homesteaded. He was famous for his ability to hunt. Whenever he went out to hunt, he always brought something back to the village. To become a hunter was very prestigious during this time.
Hunter John was born in 1782 and died in 1912. He lived to be 130 years old! He lived during the time of early explorers and up until when the lower dam was first being built.
The people who lived down river were known as fishermen; the people who lived up river were known as hunters. The fishermen knew when the hunters were coming down to trade and visit because you could hear the clacking of deer hooves tied to their knees as they ran down the trails.​
In August of 2003, artifacts and human remains were found at the village site called č̕ixʷícən, located at the base of Ediz Hook in Port Angeles, Washington. The site is the largest pre-European contact village site excavated in Washington State.
Nestled in the crook of what is now Port Angeles Harbor, the village of Tse-whit-zen (pronounced ch-WHEET-son) flourished for over 2,700 years. The ancient village was one of many in the Klallam territory, which stretched from the Hoko River on the Strait of Juan de Fuca into the Hood Canal. The earliest confirmed settlement at the village site dates back to 750 — approximately the same time Rome was founded.
The site was found after being buried for 100 years, while construction took place to build parts for the Hood Canal Bridge. During this time construction stopped and the Department of Transportation met with the Lower Klallam Tribe. Together they came up with a plan to remove the artifacts and human remains so that construction could continue. In March of 2004 an agreement and plan was signed.
Construction and the removal of artifacts and human remains began in April of 2004. Eight months later, in December of 2004, all construction stopped. Although there were over 100 archeologists and tribal members working together, there were still numerous human remains and artifacts to be recovered. There were a total of 335 human remains and over 100,000 artifacts recovered.
It is well recorded in historic documents that this area was a Klallam village site. Over a period of 60 years there were many mills built that desecrated the village site, but also preserved the site because when the mills were built, they covered the ground with 15 to 30 feet of back fill.
​​Klallam man named Boston Charlie used to hunt elk in the mountains. He was born in 1828 and died in 1928. He spent his summers in the mountains and had a favorite camping spot where he camped every year. Today it’s called Boston Charlie’s Camp, and it’s located at the base of Cat Peak. Boston Charlie was the last medicine man of the Klallam People.
​​He also helped the early settlers. He would go up to the hot springs to fast, pray and cleanse himself every year. The last time he traveled up into the mountains, he had a very close call. He must have fallen and hurt himself, for he was immobile.
He was weak and didn’t have anything to eat for several days. He told how the sun was going down and a huge being came up from a cliff. He thought to himself, now this is the day am going to die. This being, called by the Klallams čičay̕íkʷtən (bigfoot), had great big leaves with blueberries and thimbleberries, wet with dew. He put it in Boston’s mouth and then disappeared down the cliff.
Boston survived that ordeal; he was rescued and that was the last time he went up into the mountains.​​
Currently, the artifacts are being stored at the Burke Museum. As a result of a legal settlement, the Tribe received $2.5 million to construct a cemetery and curation facility on the site. To date, this money has been used to construct a cemetery and reinter 344 Klallam ancestors. As of 2011 of the $2.5 million settlement, $2.1 million has been spent solely for restoration of the archeological site, leaving a balance of $400,000 dollars.
For the Tribe to reacquire the artifacts that have been recovered from Tse-whit-zen, a curation facility that can hold at least 904 cubic feet of artifacts must be built that will honor the 2006 agreement with the Washington State Department of Transportation, City of Port Angeles, and Port of Port Angeles for a cultural center that will promote educational and research opportunities. This curation facility must be built so that it meets the Secretary of Interior standards for a museum 36 Part 79.​
​​​The Klallam Language is the language of the people of the Lower Klallam Tribe, the Port Gamble S’Klallam Tribe, and the Jamestown S’Klallam Tribe.
There are different dialects in the different areas, and wereso between the different villages.
The Klallam Language Program has been in effect since 1992.
The Klallam language has always been spoken on the north shore of Washington’s Olympic Peninsula from the Strait of Juan de Fuca inland into the mountains. It has also been spoken in some other areas such as Beacher Bay on the south of Vancouver Island and on some nearby smaller islands. It is one language in a large family of Native American languages called Salishan or Salish languages that have been spoken in what is now Washington, British Columbia, Oregon, Idaho, and Montana.
Although Klallam is a separate language, it is very closely related to the dialects called Northern Straits: Saanich, Lummi, Samish, Songish, and Sooke. Saanich, Songish, and Sooke have been spoken on southern Vancouver Island and neighboring small islands. Lummi and Samish have been spoken near Bellinghamn on the side of the border. Most of the words in Klallam are the same or very similar to words in the Northern Straits dialects. speaker of Lummi, for example, could learn Klallam very easily, and vice versa.
The Klallam language, itself, has several dialects. Klallam, Becher Bay Klallam, Jamestown Klallam, and Little Boston Klallam are all very, very slightly different from one another in the pronunciation and usage of some words.
The Klallam alphabet is based on a standard set of symbols used in writing many of the Native American languages of the Northwest. Since the Klallam language has several sounds not found in European languages like English, some specific symbols must be used to represent these sounds.
The Klallam words below and the alphabet are from Dr. Timothy Montler’s www.klallam.montler.net . Dr. Montler is the University of North Texas linguistics professor who has worked with the Tribe to preserve the language through writings and recordings.
The site contains more than 2,000 Klallam words, which are accompanied by sound files so that you can hear the pronunciation. The site also contains several stories told in Klallam and interviews with Klallam speakers (Montler).
The Language and the Tribe Today
The Klallam Tribe was fortunate to have so many Elders recorded as early as 1953. Over 21 Elders were recorded between 1953 and the present by linguists. By the time Congress passed the Native American Language Act in 1990, there were only eight people who could speak the language. Determined to keep the language alive as a spoken language, the Klallam Language Program was developed by the Klallam Tribe in 1992 to document and preserve the Klallam language by recording and transcribing tapes with tribal elders who spoke the language (Pierre 2003). However, more than just preserving the language, the Tribe wanted the language to come alive again.
Jamie Valdez, who teaches Klallam at the high school, explains the importance of language:
“You have to learn your language; it’s the backbone of your culture. If you don’t learn your language, you can’t truly practice your culture. If you are just practicing without any language, you are just … touching the surface. You have to go deeper and learn the language, you have to use the language. If you want to pray and talk to your ancestors, you have to do it in the language, because that is what they speak and that is what they are going to hear–and not enough people are doing that.”
In 1999, the Klallam language began to be taught at the Port Angeles High School. Over the last 8 years over 200 students have taken two years of Klallam Language. The Klallam Language Program also offers Inter-Tribal aduly language classes, with Jamestown and Port Gamble. Linguist Timothy Montler created Klallam video games and CD-language lessons (Pierre 2003).
Our important elders, our important friends and relatives,
and we traveled here in the spirit of Elwha.
We are very happy to have arrived here
to sing and dance with our relatives.
More people in the Tribe today are familiar with the Klallam language, and tribal members are beginning to use Klallam once again in speeches at community events (Cultural Advisory Committee 2003). For example, the speech above was written and delivered by Harmony Arakawa at a canoe journey.​​
​When was a child lived at Pysht, Washington with my great-grandfather, Tim Pysht. In the evenings we would sit by the fire. My younger brother, Ernie and would sit at our great-grandfather’s feet. There was a box of kindling nearby. He had his pocket knife and he would be carving shavings that would curl up like a flower.
He’d carve both ends like this and then break it in half. They looked like flowers. My brother and would take turn handling him the kindling and putting the flowers back in the kindling box. They were used to start a fire in the morning. This was the time of day that he would teach us traditional Klallam values in which to live by.
He would also tell us stories and sing us songs.
I’m going to share with you some of the values remember great grandpa Tim Pysht taught me as a young girl.
Honor your m​other and father. (Don’t talk back to them.)
Never fear death. (You were born to die.)
If a child offered you something you take it with much praise. Because you’re teaching that child to be a giving person and not to be stingy.
If someone made you angry, just turn around and walk away. Don’t answer back because you can’t swallow those bad words back.
Never choose the biggest fruit, because you will always be hungry if you pick the biggest one. (Don’t be selfish, teach moderation.)
Take care of and respect mother earth – take only what you need.​
Top 12 Values by Elders & Adults of the Lower Klallam Tribe
Take care of and respect Mother Earth – take only what you need.
Walk your path with good morals: specially in front of children and Elders.
If a child offered you something, take it with much praise, because you are teaching that child to be a giving person and not to be stingy.
Live in honesty and truth.
Every part of this earth is sacred. 
People will see the good that you do: you don’t have to brag about it.​​​
Top 5 Values selected by the youth of the Lower Klallam Tribe
Love, prepare for and welcome family home.
Always walk with your held held high; be proud of who you are – show ​pride.
The first rule of the chief is to feed people and all else will follow.
During a potlatch there is a lot of food and many speeches are made.
Witnesses are called upon during the potlatch. It is the witnesses responsibility to remember all that took place at the potlatch. This is a very important job, and was designated to witnesses back in a time when there was no written language, cameras, or video recorders. It is a witnesses job to remember at any time that you ask them about the potlatch what occurred at that potlatch.
The guests sing and dance from other families and Tribes. Traditionally the Tribe/Band from the farthest away has the floor at a potlatch first, and it goes in that order. Today, at modern day potlatches, the host will create a schedule of when Tribes/Bands will have the The host is not allowed to perform until the end of the potlatch.
Potlatches also include a giveaway to thank the guests for being witnesses at the event.
Traditionally, potlatches were held in a long house. Long houses were made of cedar with cedar house posts all around and were foremost a home. Because the potlatch was such an important event people wore special clothing, such as button blankets. The same family design found on the entrance poles was stitched into that family’s button blankets. Regalia like button blankets are only found in tribes of the Northwest and Canada, all the way up to Alaska.
There were possibly eight house structures found at the č̕ixʷícən village site. Erna Gunther, the anthropologist who wrote extensively about the Klallams in her publication, Klallam Ethnography, describes the house structures.
The homes were built in a single row, and with the door facing the water. potlatch house may be 50 by 200 feet in size. The family dwellings were 20 by 30 feet. All the houses had gabled roofs, with the exception of the potlatch house.
The houses are made of wooden planks. The edges of the planks are grooved so that they overlap when placed side by side. When the planks are set in the ground, the side walls are about twelve feet high.
On the inside, a few planks are always left loose so as to be moved to leave smoke holes. There are benches that run along the majority of the house walls, leaving one wall for piled firewood. The benches are five feet wide and about two and one-half feet high. Underneath them are stored baskets with dried foods, paddles, boxes of clothing and household effects. The benches are covered with rush mats which serve as beds.
The walls are also covered with rush mats. These reach from the roof to the floor, passing behind the benches.
When there is a severe storm, mats are hung at both sides of the door to keep the wind from blowing into the house. The floor is just the hard trodden ground which is occasionally sprinkled with sand.
The fires may be anywhere in the house. If there are only two, they are likely to be along the center under the ridgepole. Sometimes they are in the corners near the benches, especially when there are two or more families living in the house.
The house is owned by the person who builds it and is inherited by the eldest son of the owner. When the house is owned by two or more people, their parts are inherited in the same manner in which the whole house would be passed on.
The land on which a house stands belongs to the owner of the house only as long as his house remains standing.
Since villages situated on the beach are open to attack, stockades were frequently used in this area. The village was generally compact enough so that not a very large area needed to be surrounded.
​Articles of agreement and convention made and concluded at Hahdskus, or Point no Point, Suquamiah Head, in the Territory of Washington, this twenty-sixth day of January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, by Isaac Stevens, governor and superintendent of Indian affairs for the said Territory, on the part of the United States, and the undersigned chiefs, headmen, and delegates of the different villages of the S’Klallams, viz: Kah-tai, Squah-quaihtl, Tch-queen, Ste-tehtlum, Tsohkw, Yennis, Elh-wa, Pishtst, Hunnint, Klat-la-wash, and Oke-ho, and also of the Sko-ko-mish, To-an-hooch, and Chem-a-kum tribes, occupying certain lands on the Straits of Fuca and Hood’s Canal, in the Territory of Washington, on behalf of said tribes, and duly authorized by them.
The said tribes and bands of Indians hereby cede, relinquish, and convey to the United States all their right, title, and interest in and to the lands and country occupied by them, bounded and described as follows, viz: Commencing at the mouth of the Okeho River, on the Straits of Fuca; thence southeastwardly along the westerly line of territory claimed by the Makah tribe of Indians to the summit of the Cascade Range; thence still southeastwardly and southerly along said summit to the head of the west branch of the Satsop River, down that branch to the main fork; thence eastwardly and following the line of lands heretofore ceded to the the United States by the Nisqually and other tribes and bands of Indians, to the summit of the Black Hills, and northeastwardly to the portage known as Wilkes’ Portage; thence northeastwardly, and following the line of lands heretofore ceded to the United States by the Dwamish, Suquamish, and other tribes and bands of Indians, to Suquamish Head; thence northerly through Admiralty Inlet to the Straits of Fuca; thence westwardly through said straits to the place of beginning; including all the right, title, and interest of the said tribes and bands to any land in the Territory of Washington.
There is, however, reserved for the present use and occupation of the said tribes and bands the following tract of land, viz: The amount of six sections, or three thousand eight hundred and forty acres, situated at the head of Hood’s Canal, to be hereafter set apart, and so far as necessary, surveyed and marked out for their exclusive use; nor shall any white man be permitted to reside upon the same without permission of the said tribes and bands, and of the superintendent or agent; but, if necessary for the public convenience, roads may be run through the said reservation, the Indians being compensated for any damage thereby done them. It is, however, understood that should the President of the United States hereafter see fit to place upon the said reservation any other friendly tribe or band, to occupy the same in common with those above mentioned, he shall be at liberty to do so.
The said tribes and bands agree to remove to and settle upon the said reservation within one year after the ratification of this treaty, or sooner if the means are furnished them. In the mean time, it shall be lawful for them to reside upon any lands not in the actual claim or occupation of citizens of the United States, and upon any land claimed or occupied, if with the permission of the owner.
The right of taking fish at usual and accustomed grounds and stations is further secured to said Indians, in common with all citizens of the United States; and of erecting temporary houses for the purpose of curing; together with the privilege of hunting and gathering roots and berries on open and unclaimed lands. Provided, however, That they shall not take shell-fish from any beds staked or cultivated by citizens.
In consideration of the above cession the United States agree to pay to the said tribes and bands the sum of sixty thousand dollars, in the following manner, that is to say: during the first year after the ratification hereof, six thousand dollars; for the next two years, five thousand dollars each year; for the next three years, four thousand dollars each year; for the next four years, three thousand dollars each year; for the next five years, two thousand four hundred dollars each year; and for the next five years, one thousand six hundred dollars each year. All which said sums of money shall be applied to the use and benefit of the said Indians under the direction of the President of the United States, who may from time to time determine at his discretion upon what beneficial objects to expend the same. And the superintendent of Indian affairs, or other proper officer, shall each year inform the President of the wishes of said Indians in respect thereto.
To enable the said Indians to remove to and settle upon their aforesaid reservations, and to clear, fence, and break up a sufficient quantity of land for cultivation, the United States further agree to pay the sum of six thousand dollars, to be laid out and expended under the direction of the President, and in such manner as he shall approve.
The President may hereafter, when in his opinion the interests of the Territory shall require, and the welfare of said Indians be promoted, remove them from said reservation to such other suitable place or places within said Territory as he may deem fit, on remunerating them for their improvements and the expenses of their removal; or may consolidate them with other friendly tribes or bands. And he may further, at his discretion, cause the whole or any portion of the lands hereby reserved, or of such other lands as may be selected in lieu thereof, to be surveyed into lots, and assign the same to such individuals or families as are willing to avail themselves of the privilege, and will locate thereon as a permanent home, on the same terms and subject to the same regulations as are provided in the sixth article of the treaty with the Omahas, so far as the same may be applicable. Any substantial improvements heretofore made by any Indians, and which he shall be compelled to abandon in consequence of this treaty, shall be valued under the direction of the President, and payment made therefor accordingly.
The annuities of the aforesaid tribes and bands shall not be taken to pay the debts of individuals.
The said tribes and bands acknowledge their dependence on the Government of the United States, and promise to be friendly with all citizens thereof; and they pledge themselves to commit no depredations on the property of such citizens. And should any one or more of them violate this pledge, and the fact be satisfactorily proven before the agent, the property taken shall be returned, or in default thereof, or if injured or destroyed, compensation may be made by the Government out of their annuities. Nor will they make war on any other tribe, except in self-defence, but will submit all matters of difference between them and other Indians to the Government of the United States, or its agent, for decision, and abide thereby. And if any of the said Indians commit any depredations on any other Indians within the Territory, the same rule shall prevail as that prescribed in this article in cases of depredations against citizens. And the said tribes agree not to shelter or conceal offenders against the United States, but to deliver them up for trial by the authorities.
The above tribes and bands are desirous to exclude from their reservation the use of ardent spirits, and to prevent their people from drinking the same, and therefore it is provided that any Indian belonging thereto who shall be guilty of bringing liquor into said reservation, or who drinks liquor, may have his or her proportion of the annuities withheld from him or her for such time as the President may determine.
The United States further agree to establish at the general agency for the district of Puget’s Sound, within one year from the ratification hereof, and to support for the period of twenty years, an agricultural and industrial school, to be free to children of the said tribes and bands in common with those of the other tribes of said district, and to provide a smithy and carpenter’s shop, and furnish them with the necessary tools, and employ a blacksmith, carpenter, and farmer for the term of twenty years, to instruct the Indians in their respective occupations. And the United States further agree to employ a physician to reside at the said central agency, who shall furnish medicine and advice to the sick, and shall vaccinate them; the expenses of the said school, shops, persons employed, and medical attendance to be defrayed by the United States, and not deducted from the annuities.
The said tribes and bands agree to free all slaves now held by them, and not to purchase or acquire others hereafter.
The said tribes and bands finally agree not to trade at Vancouver’s Island, or elsewhere out of the dominions of the United States, nor shall foreign Indians be permitted to reside in their reservations without consent of the superintendent or agent.
This treaty shall be obligatory on the contracting parties as soon as the same shall be ratified by the President of the United States. In testimony whereof, the said Isaac Stevens, governor and superintendent of Indian affairs, and the undersigned chiefs, headmen, and delegates of the aforesaid tribes and bands of Indians have hereunto set their hands and seals at the place and on the day and year herebefore written.
Chits-a-mah-han, the Duke of York, Chief of the S’klallams, his x mark. (L.S.)
He-atl, Duke of Clarence, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
Tchotest, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
To-totesh, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
He-ach-kate, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
Paitl, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
Wen-a-hap, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
Se-att-home-tau, S’klallam sub-chief, his x mark. (L.S.)
Pe-an-ho, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
Ti-itch-stan, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
Soo-yahntch, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
Ttseh-a-take, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
He-ats-at-soot, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
Hai-ahts, John, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
Yai-tst, or George, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
He-pait, or John, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
How-a-owl, S’klallam tribe, his x mark. (L.S.)
Executed in the presence of us – –
With the rediscovery of this Klallam village site č̕ixʷícən, which means inner harbor, comes an opportunity to learn more about the first people who lived in the area now known as Port Angeles.
Some people think of artifacts as treasures, but the Klallam people have a different perspective of what artifact means to them. These artifacts are belongings of their ancestors.
When someone died, their most special belongings were usually buried with them. When human remains were uncovered, the artifacts that were found in the burials will stay with them forever. However, there are many artifacts found that show how the Klallam people lived.
Many of the artifacts show a culture of fishing, hunting and trading. There are also artifacts that show unique ceremonial and burial practices, just as the oral Klallam
The more than 64,000 artifacts discovered at the site have challenged some misinformation about the Klallam and led to the rediscovery of tribal traditions that had been buried with č̕ixʷícən.
For example, tribal members erroneously believed that their ancestors did not follow practices held by other Indian tribes, such as using traditional medicines or wearing red ocher to invoke spiritual protection. Artifacts from č̕ixʷícən disproved this and demonstrated that these practices belong to the Klallam as well. For instance, many burial boxes that were unearthed were covered with red ocher dust to protect the spirit of the departed.
Knowledge of other traditional practices had been lost throughout time as well. More than 906 etched stones were among the amazing collection of artifacts collected at the site during restoration. Delicate lines etched onto each stone tell a story; the carvings explain sacred teachings and may have been a way to pass teachings on to future generations. When the stones were initially discovered, knowledge of this practice had been lost and tribal members did not know what the stones were. These and many other artifacts are helping the Klallam people gain a better understanding of the ancestors and their life at č̕ixʷícən.
The cultural materials from č̕ixʷícən that have been radiocarbon-dated tell us that this village existed over 2,700 years, and as recently as the 1930’s. This documents that the Klallam people lived in this area in 300 BC.
There are many artifacts found at č̕ixʷícən that show how the Klallam people lived.
Historically, Klallam people lived throughout the Northern Olympic Peninsula and were united by language and kinship.  Villages were on both sides of the Strait of Juan de Fuca.  There were approximately 33 village sites from the Hoko River in the west to the Puget Sound in the east.  Downtown Port Angeles was once a thriving Klallam village known as č̕ixʷícən (Tse-whit-zen).
​Settlers began arriving in the 1860s.  Port Angeles and other towns were established around that time.  The homesteaders forced Klallam from their traditional home sites.  Some Klallam purchased land, but because they were not considered citizens, they were unable to obtain title to their ancestral holdings.
In 1884, when the Indian Homestead Act passed, several Klallam families eventually became land owners.  In taking up homesteads, the Klallam were forced to sever tribal relations.  Many did not want to do this and had to leave their homes.  Landless Klallam families moved to the rocky shores west of the River, or to Ediz Hook and the Inner Port Angeles Harbor.
​This time was hard on the people because they had no permanent homes, and their villages kept getting forcibly relocated by settlers. Forced homelessness and loss of traditional foods created extreme hardships.  The main source of food was wild game, fish and shellfish, which the people gathered themselves, but  in 1910, state law required a  license to fish; tribal members, however, could not obtain a license because they were not citizens. In 1924, Congress passed the Indian Citizenship Act, making all Indians born in the citizens, but fishing continued to be restricted by the state.
In 1934 the Indian Reorganization Act passed, but it took until 1937 for the Klallam to obtain 327 acres of land in the Valley.  This was only for 14 families, and many families remained landless.  The purpose of acquiring the trust land in 1937 was to establish a reservation, but federal recognition didn’t happen until 1968.  After becoming federally recognized the reservation was proclaimed, running water was available in 1969 on the reservation, and in the early 1970s, electricity also became available.  In 1971 the court case v. was heard in Seattle.
In 1974 Judge Boldt made the ruling that upheld the Tribe’s rights to fish granted in the treaty of 1855.  History was made. In 1975 the Fish Hatchery was built, and 1976 the Tribal Center were built.  In 1987 a levee was built to protect the homes in the valley, enabling the Tribe to build more homes.  Currently, the Lower Klallam Tribe owns 1014 acres, and approximately 882 tribal members are enrolled.​​
How were the artifacts recovered? The first step was for archeologists, along with tribal members, to do field work. There would be a pair or group working together on an identified section of land divided up by a grid. They would use this grid to measure out units. These units are one by one meter squares. Many artifacts and human remains were found during fieldwork.
The tools the field workers used were a small paintbrush, a whisk broom and dust pan, small wooden spoons, skewers and a trowel. The cultural material or soil would be put into plastic bags.The workers were documenting information about the site. This was a long and tedious process that had them working literally on their hands and knees throughout the day.
The bags from the field were then transported to the water screen area. There was an average of 20 people working in the water screen area. The first step was to empty a plastic bag onto a set of four screens. Each screen had a different size mesh: one inch, one-half inch, one-quarter inch, and one-eighth inch.
The workers would then spray the cultural material with a hose. When the first screen was sifted, it would be moved to the sorting table. Then the next screen would be sprayed and so forth until all screens were done. At the sorting table the material was separated and then re-bagged and re-tagged.
In the bottom photograph you can see how the water screening operation was set up high off the ground. Along the fence, workers are spraying the screens and you can see the excess material that falls to the ground. There were thousands of bags to be screened.
There was another station set up to water screen the material. This station was focused on the huge pile that had already been excavated by a backhoe prior to when the fieldwork began.
After the screening process, all of the bags were then moved to the lab. This is where the artifacts were sorted once again, then cataloged and stored properly.
Over 100,000 artifacts have been cataloged so far and there is much more work that needs to be done. Many people are now working on identifying the artifacts and doing research to find out what each artifact was used for.
common archeological find is shell midden. Shell midden is the leftovers from the food they ate. Shell midden was found through out the 22.5 acres and in the shell midden were numerous types of shellfish. For example, there was a shell midden full of purple sea urchins.
​Fishing has always been a major source of food for the Klallam; some of these fishy foods include spring, humpback, silver and two varieties of dog salmon, steelhead, halibut, ling cod, flounder, herring, smelts, and candlefish.
Fishing was a year-round activity for the Klallam people, but different types of fish were caught in particular seasons. Some fish were caught in the Strait of Juan de Fuca, but much of the salmon fishing was done in the River. However, restrictions on tribal fishing rights during the first part of the 1900’s severely limited the Tribe’s access to fish.
The landmark 1974 Boldt decision reaffirmed tribal fishing rights and the Tribe was able to fish freely once again without fear of arrest. However, the hydroelectric dams on the River still limit tribal fishing because they stop salmon from traveling upriver. To help supplement the fish in the few miles of river below the Dam, the Tribe built the Fish Hatchery in 1975.
Most Klallam villages were located on the shores of a sheltered harbor where the people could easily fish and harvest clams; their dried horse clams were well-known and a valuable trading commodity. Behind Klallam villages were richly forested areas that gave them access to deer, elk, and other animals.
Elk and deer provided the Klallam not only with food, but with hides to make garments, moccasins, bags, and drums and with bones and antlers to make into tools. The Klallam people would also, on occasion, hunt whales if they spotted one close to the shore of their village. Unlike the Makah tribe they did not go on extended whale hunting expeditions.
Traditionally weaving would be done to make things used in everyday life, such as, hats, clothes, baskets, and mats. The Klallam word for basket is məhuy’. Klallam knew how to make water proof baskets; they did so by using the roots of a cedar tree and weaving them tightly together, and then adding beeswax or pitch to make them water proof. Weavers could do all sorts of things with cedar once it was ready. Other materials like cattails, bear grass, sweet grass, and plant roots were also used to make different kinds of baskets and mats. These materials were dyed with berries, roots, and other plants to give color to the art.
Today, Klallam people still weave all kinds of things. Cedar and other materials are still used for clothing, baskets, and mats. But, for special occasions, many people make or choose to wear cedar headbands, hats, vests, and bracelets.
The skill of shaping wood, bone and stone into figures and shapes, both real and mythological, was developed and mastered over thousands of years, and is called carving or in Klallam qəʔx̣əyu. Special objects like entrance poles, canoes, house posts, and grave markers were carved very carefully. Entrance poles were tall wooden poles that stood in front of the houses of very important people, only the main long house of a village would have one in front of their house. Entrance poles had animals carved to tell the story of that particular family and had a door (entrance) at the very bottom. House posts hold up the house and have the same figures as the entrance pole.
Totem poles were carved to tell stories and the few Klallam masks that were made were for religious ceremonies. Bone was used for knives, combs, hammers, harpoon points and needles of all sizes. Stone was used mostly for arrowheads, bowls, fish hooks and knives.
The Warrior Program first started in 1978 with the crowning of King Raymond Charles, Queen Serena Barkley and Princess Arlene Wheeler when they were younger ladies. They represented the Tribe at the dedication of the Tribal Center. It wasn’t until 27 years later that new royalty was crowned.
In 2005, when the Lower Klallam Tribe hosted the Paddle to Elwha, Honoring our Ancestors, they were also honored by the crowning of new royalty.​​
Rena Barkley was crowned as the Queen, and her sister was crowned as the Princess.
Royalty is not a tradition of the Klallam People, but is used today as a form of leadership training.
On July 19, 2013 Patti Miller and Karrin Francis were crowned the Warrior Queen/Princess. Due to unforeseen circumstances Patti graciously and honorably stepped down as the Warrior Queen.
​Since there was only one contestant for the Warrior Queen it was decided by the Warrior Program Coordinators that if Karrin was willing to accept she would step-up as the Queen. Karrin graciously accepted her new role. It was then decided that runner-up Sara Moore would serve as the Warrior Princess if she was willing to do so, which she was.
The ladies accepted their new roles at the end of November and at the Decemer Business Committee meeting it was proposed that the Warrior Program terms will be the date the treaty was signed. So, Karrin and Sara will crown the new Queen and Princess on January 26, 2014.​
1700 – An estimated 9 magnitude earthquake in Pacific Northwest causes a tsunami in Japan.
1791 – Port Angeles named, Nuestra Senora de los Angeles by Juan Francisco de Eliza Spanish military post established at Discovery Bay
1824 – Russia surrenders claim to Pacific Northwest
1828 – The Hudson’s Bay Company launches punitive expedition against the Klallam
1833 – Nisqually House records show evidence of Klallams trading
1841 – Wilkes explores Puget Sound and reports potatoes being grown by Port Discovery Klallam
1842 – Mass migration of white settlers begins along the Oregon Trail
1851 – First settlers in Port Townsend
​1853 – Washington Territory established. The Appropriation Act authorized the President of the United States to negotiate with Indian tribes to extinguish title to their lands so that citizens of the could settle these lands.
1855 – Point No Point Treaty signed on January 25th by Governor Isaac Stevens and representatives of the S’Klallam, Skokomish and Chemakum Tribes. Gibbs’ census shows 926 Klallams. The Klallams and villages are named in the Treaty and it constitutes federal recognition of the Tribe.
1857 – 1859 – First settlers in Port Angeles
1856 – 1857 – Indian war, Puget Sound Indians fought for suitable land base
1859 – Congress ratifies the Point No Point Treaty on March 8.
– Micheal Simmons recommended that the Clallams be allowed a reserve at Clallam Bay.  It was not approved.
1862 – Smallpox epidemic Census shows 1,300 Klallams. Many Klallams from Port Angeles move over to Beecher Bay
1863 – Ethnographer, George Gibbs documented Klallam historic information. Port Angeles land sale
– James Balch purchased 210 acres so the 140 Clallams could live at Jamestown.
– Many Klallams at Port Gamble and took up Indian Homesteads.  At there were 10 homesteads on the River, Deep Creek and Pysht totaling over 1,300 acres
1872 – An effort to create a reservation on Ediz Hook failed to pass.
1881 – Lung disease, measles and scarlet fever break out
1893 – Last Klallam secret society initiation held in Port Angeles
1906 – Burke Act, 25 year trust status on allotted lands removed
1911 – Quinault opened for allotment but the Klallams refused to relocate
1916 – The State of Washington ruled that off-reservation fishing was subject to state control.  After this ruling the Indians were arrested for fishing.
1920 – Anthropologist, Waterman wrote extensively about the Klallam.
1930 – There were still over 30 Klallam families living on Ediz Hook
1933 – Relocation of families off of Ediz Hook
1934 – Indian Reorganization Act passed by Congress to provide new form for organization of tribal governments and for federal acquisition of land in trust for tries.
1935(6)  – reservation for the Klallam Tribe is established with 372 acres at the mouth of the River
1953 – Indian Claims Commission established. Way to pay off Indian claims with no option for return of lands.
1959 – Ethnomusicologist, Willard Rhodes recorded Klallam music and language
1964 – 1971 – Linguist, Laurence and Terry Thompson recorded extensively Klallam language and history
1968 – In a special election called by Secretary of Interior under authority of the Indian Recognition Act of 1934, tribal members vote to approve Constitution and Bylaws for the Lower Community (also known as the Lower Klallam Tribe). Secretary approved Constitution and Bylaws. Also under authority of Indian Recognition Act, Secretary proclaims the Tribe’s trustlands at the mouth of the River to be the Lower Indian Reservation.
1972 – The Klallam Tribe participated with other Washington State tribes in a lawsuit filed against the State of Washington, v. Washington, to regain their fishing rights.
Anthropologist, Dr. Wayne Suttles has written extensively about the Klallams
1975 – Construction of a Community Center, Fish Hatchery and Group Home on the Klallam Reservation
– Indian Claims Commission makes payment for lands (750,000 acres) to the three Klallam bands each received $100,000 from the Point No Point Treaty of 1855
1979 – The Boldt Decision was upheld by the Supreme Court
1989 – Army Corps of Engineers builds a flood control dike to protect the valley from the River flooding
– Paddle to Seattle takes place as part of the Washington State Centennial
1990 – Amendments to the Native American Language Act
1994 – Judge Rafeedie upholds right to shellfish
2003 – Construction begins on the Port Angeles dry dock uncovering ancient Klallam village of Tse-whit-zen.
2004 – Smithsonian Institution’s National Museum of the American Indian opens
2005 – Klallam Tribe hosts Paddle to canoe journey.  Over 70 canoes and over 5000 participants arrive
2006 – Tribe reaches settlement with the state over Tse-whit-zen
–  Completed and Submitted to appropriate agencies for approval.
2007 – Tribe & the City of Port Angeles sign a wastewater agreement.
– First request for bids for the Port Angeles Water Treatment Facility released.
2008 – Contract Awarded for the Surface Water Intake Facility.
