is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of High-Voltage Advanced Power Electronics products targeted at the medical X-ray field.
We bring to the market major technological breakthroughs based on a unique and patented ultra-high frequency topology. Our generators reach performances unattainable by conventional X-ray generators.
Our goal is to provide our Customers with superior service and full flexibility in support of a constantly shrinking market visibility.
HEICO’s products are found in the most demanding applications requiring high-reliability parts and components, such as aircraft, spacecraft, defense equipment, medical equipment, and telecommunications systems.
Through our Flight Support Group, we are: the world’s largest provider of commercial, non-OEM, FAA-approved aircraft replacement parts; a significant provider of aircraft accessories component repair & overhaul services for avionic, electro-mechanical, flight surface, hydraulic and pneumatic applications; a leader in niche aircraft parts distribution; and a manufacturer of other critical aircraft parts.
Our Electronic Group, designs and manufactures mission-critical niche electronic, electrooptical, microwave and other components found in aviation, broadcast, defense, homeland security, medical, space, telecom and other complex equipment used worldwide.
Conflict Mineral Policy • Images and graphics based on the original photography of Justin BonneauAbout is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of High-Voltage Advanced Power Electronics products s1982.
Through our core competence in High-Voltage design, we bring to the market major technological breakthroughs based on a unique and patented very high frequency topology. Our generators reach performances unattainable by conventional X-ray generators.
Our products range from 30 kto 100 kand from 20 kto 150 kV.
We aim to provide our Customers with superior service and full flexibility in support of a constantly shrinking market visibility.
Technologies‘ mission is to create, develop and market innovative and efficient Advanced High-Voltage Power Electronics for the medical X-ray market and specialized High-Voltage applications.
is committed to provide high quality products.
As a manufacturer of medical x-ray high-voltage generators, is bound to meet and maintain the highest standards of Quality in the industry.
Quality starts at the design level and is maintained throughout the organization to achieve highly reliable and extremely performant products
is a leader in the design, manufacturing and marketing of electronic products targeted at medical X-ray fields such as radiography, mammography, fluoroscopy, angiography and CT.
Are you looking for a challenging career in a growing company designing products for worldwide customers?
The Power Inverter Modular concept stems from the technology applied to High-Voltage X-ray Generators. The concept uses a patented resonator technology capable of oscillating at more than 100 kHz (up to 240 kHz output frequency) surpassing the competitor’s SCR, Inverter or even conventional technology that works at dramatically lower frequencies.
The unique EMD’s variable frequency resonator produces a kflatness waveform at very quick rise & fall times, thus lowering the soft radiation. This realization embodies other important technological achievements designed with innovative power switching inverter modules and a cascaded series of high frequency power transformers embedded in a solid dielectric high voltage unit.
High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics, in opposition to traditional power electronics, includes intelligent interface (software) between raw power and electronic equipments and is also customizable, more reliable and more energy efficient.
Our Distributed Power Supply (DPS) technology uses high frequency power switching circuits and software-based control to convert raw power into required output voltages and final applications. The principal feature of that technology is to deliver power in modular blocs where it is needed. The traditional way of other power electronics manufacturers is to have a dedicated power source for each device to be powered up.
The High Voltage Advanced Power Electronics allows the OEMs to configure their products accordingly with their needs. Furthermore, the patented technology can easily be adapted to some other new target markets, such as Non Destructive Testing X-ray (NDT), X-ray Security, Medical Scanners, Ozone Purification, Fuel Cells, Battery Chargers and Solid State Lighting (SSL).
Conflict Mineral Policy • Images and graphics based on the original photography of Justin Bonneau