Solar Battery Charging for and Hotel Loads
Public Transportation and School Bus
Refrigeration
Trickle Charge
Calculate Your Savings
Turn Your Vehicle Into a Mobile Power Station
We use the latest technology to generate energy right from the roofs of the vehicles we power.
Powering Possibilities
helps commercial transportation companies and recreational vehicle owners reduce the total cost of ownership of their vehicle and become more comfortable, compliant and environmentally responsible. eNow’s solar energy solutions create everlasting energy for the vehicle and its auxiliary equipment.
If it moves, we power it.
is an innovative, clean-technology company, specializing in renewable energy systems. Our goal is to provide industry specific solar solutions to companies that embrace profit, planet, and people.
LIghtweight, Flexible, and Aerodynamic
eNow’s lightweight and flexible panels conform to roof contours, with low drag and clearance, in an aerodynamic package.
Lets You Run with the Sun
is the first company to take large scale solar and make it mobile. We are changing the way the transportation industry thinks about energy by transforming their vehicles from consumers of energy into energy creators. products convert, store, and distribute electricity, eliminating the need for diesel APUs. Not only does this help save the planet, it saves our customers money. And solar for transportation is only the beginning.
eNow's Intro to Solar-based Auxiliary Power for Trucking
Solar Energy Solutions
Unlike trickle-charging solutions which typically generate upwards of 500 watts per day, eNow’s solar-powered idle reduction systems provide full-system charging and produce over 25,000 watts per day, supplying more than enough power to the battery and all auxiliary equipment.
Refrigeration with Zero Emissions
eNow’s solar-electric refrigeration system slashes fuel and maintenance costs, runs all day, and reduces emissions 85-95%.
In-cab and Hotel Loads
Extend run-time to 12+ emission-free hours. Reduce alternator load to improve and reduce engine wear-and-tear.
Extend liftgate battery life 2-3 times, reduce downtime and road service due to dead liftgate batteries.
Trickle Charge
Battery maintainer system keeps vehicle and auxiliary batteries topped off and ready to go. Extends battery life, too.
Public Transportation and School Bus
Buses can function as mobile power stations, generating solar energy by day and offloading to the grid at night.
Power emergency or safety lights even with the ignition turned off. No engine idling required.
Calculate Your Solar Savings Potential With Use the solar savings calculator to quickly estimate your solar potential and savings.
is an innovative, clean-technology company, specializing in renewable energy systems and advanced solar power technologies for the transportation industry.
 SpanishThis website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Flath brings over 30 years of sales and executive management experience to eNow, most recently as President of Cooley Group, a private company with $100 million in revenues and a global leader in the design and manufacture of high-performance, flexible composites. Mr. Flath served as Cooley’s President from 2004 to 2011 (he joined Cooley in 1998 as its Vice President of Business Development). Mr. Flath was instrumental in the development of the first completely solar-powered “eco” billboard in Times Square, NY, for Ricoh America Company.
John Larkin, CFA
Managing Director and Head of Transportation Capital Markets Research – Stifel Financial Corp.  John joined Legg Mason (later sold to Stifel, Nicolaus & Company) in October 2001 to form and lead the firm’s entry into the transportation markets. He has been recognized as an all-star analyst by Institutional Investor magazine, a Wall Street Journal All-Star analyst, and has been awarded numerous Starmine stock picking awards. John previously served as: Chairman and of RailWorks, Managing Director with Alex. Brown and Sons’ transportation team, – Planning and Analysis at Transportation. He is a member of The Board of Directors for Admiralty Holdings (formerly CRST), and the Boards of Advisors for Comcar Industries and TransFX.
President – Wapsie Investment and Advisory Services  Eliot currently heads a consultancy and investment firm specializing in energy technology. He is a retired executive from Alliant Energy where he held numerous executive operating and financial positions throughout his career, including and Eliot currently serves on the boards of American Family Insurance, Capstone Turbine Corporation and Green Companies. He previously served on the Universal Acoustics and Emissions Technology board and represents the Tamiami Angel Funds on eNow’s board.
Thomas Koerner
Mr. Koerner is the Vice President of Global Sales for Canadian Solar. He joined Canadian Solar in December 2012 as the General Manager for its operation. Having an extensive technical and business background and experience in the semiconductor and electronics area, Mr. Koerner has been working the past 11 years in various leading management and board positions in the solar industry, including senior management positions with Astronergy and Schuco Solar. He completed his studies as an engineer in Semiconductor and Microsystems Technologies with a Master in Electrical Engineering (MEE) from the University of Applied Sciences in Regensburg, Germany and a Master of Business and Engineering (MBE) degree from the Steinbeis University Berlin in cooperation with the Kelly Business School in Indiana, and the University of Kitakyushu, Japan.
Jim has been semi-retired since 1997, and divides his time between managing the investment portfolios of several family members, serving as a member of Board of Directors for eNow, Inc., and actively managing Deer Hollow Farm, a 260-acre grain and tree farm in Hope, Prior to retiring, Mr. Flath was a Manager in the Financial Services Industry Consulting Group in Deloitte and Touché’s New York office, providing strategic and systems management consulting services to Fortune 500 companies.
Advisor – In Remembrance, Legacy of Excellence
On Sunday, March 27, 2016, we lost a dear friend and colleague – Bruce Leising.
Bruce was a true original in every sense of the word. He was a tech pioneer, inventor and champion of entrepreneurs. He spent most of his career in a variety of senior management positions at Intel Corporation under the famed American business icon, Andy Grove. He also developed two patents related to solar technology.
Later in his career, Bruce began to lend his incredible insight and strategic thinking to various early-stage companies, including eNow. Bruce “got it” very quickly and understood how eNow’s solar technology could help transform several industries, starting with the commercial transportation industry. General Norman Schwarzkopf once said, “Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character. But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.” We were fortunate to get both with Bruce.
benefited greatly from his tech prowess, innovative mindset, practical advice and early investment, especially at a time when the company was just getting off the ground. Thanks to Bruce and our early investors, eNow’s future is bright. Bruce will be forever missed, but never forgotten. Bruce is survived by his wife Sharon and their two sons, Brian and Our thoughts and prayers go out to the family during this very difficult time.
Mr. Campbell is an entrepreneur and investor. He is currently President and equity partner in Renaissance Publishing, LLC, New Orleans’ largest locally owned media company with the titles New Orleans Magazine, Louisiana Life Magazine and numerous contract publications. He is also an owner and partner in Laurel Communications, an outdoor and transit advertising company in New Orleans. As a former banker with Chase Manhattan Bank, Mr. Campbell consults middle market companies on a project bases. Mr. Campbell received a from Brown University and an from the University of Southern California. Mr. Campbell resides in New Jersey.
Mr. Smart is a Managing Director at Fenway Partners, having joined the firm in 1999. With over 30 years of private equity and investment banking experience, Mr. Smart is involved in all aspects of the firm’s activities including originating, transacting and overseeing portfolio investments. Mr. Smart currently serves on the boards of American Achievement, SunTrek, Preferred Freezer, and RoadLink Workforce Solutions. Mr. Smart received a from Davidson College and earned an from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Michael Tousignant
Mr. Tousignant is a Shareholder, and Director of Accounting and Auditing for Certified Public Accountants, a leading regional accounting firm based in Providence, Rhode Island. He has over 25 years of public accounting experience including at a national firm. He earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, summa cum laude, from Bryant University.
Mr. Xander is presently President and Chief Executive Officer of Formetco Incorporated. In addition, he chairs the Formetco Board, sits on the board of Billboard Planet, Inc., and is Managing Partner of Crystal Investment Advisors. He earned his first position as Vice President of Finance with Formetco in 1995 and was promoted to his current role in 2005. He has utilized his expertise to facilitate growth in all corporate divisions and has overseen the expansion into international markets and facilitated relationships with global vendors to leverage a new and expanding digital signage market. Mr. Xander received his degree in finance from the University of West Georgia.
With a start in manufacturing, attorney Ted Howell now uses his experience to provide legal services for start-ups and emerging growth companies. Mr. Howell received his bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering and Applied Mechanics from the University of Pennsylvania. After working and consulting for manufacturers including Gillette, he graduated from law school at Boston University School of Law. During his career, Mr. Howell became more involved in the start-up community, leading to the formation of Howell Legal, his own legal boutique tailored for entrepreneurial endeavors. His clients range from large companies with hundreds of millions of dollars in annual revenues to the earliest stage, pre-revenue start-ups.
John Gibb
Mr. Gibb serves as Executive Vice President for International Business at Formetco Incorporated. Formetco and its AdTech International division are recognized as the most complete supplier of products and services to the Outdoor Advertising Industry. His focus on energy-saving systems and new Digital Displays technology has allowed him to pioneer products ranging from standard billboard products to Lighting and Digital Billboards.
Mr. Libman, an accredited and CGMA, started his own firm after graduating from Bryant College. His expertise lies in tax planning for businesses, families and inventors. He is a member of numerous professional organizations like The AICPA, The Rhode Island Association of CPAs, and Connect. In order to give back to his community, Mr. Libman serves on the board of numerous organizations such as The Jewish Alliance of Greater Rhode Island, Access Point RI, and the North Kingstown Chamber of Commerce.
draws strength from its industry and business experienced management team. Our team has vast experience in guiding various projects from concept and engineering to creation and proven function. We have brought together the environmentalist, engineer, astronaut, scientist, and the first officer, all with a proven track record of success. It’s time to meet our team.
Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer
Jeff brings more than 30 years of sales and executive management experience to eNow, most recently as President of Cooley Group, a private company with $100 million in revenues and a global leader in the design and manufacture of high-performance, flexible composites.
of Technology and Chief Technology Officer
Robert has more than 25 years of executive experience in finance and management information systems, most recently with Cape Air, the largest independent regional airline, and Supervalu Inc., a Fortune 100 company and a leader in the grocery retailing industry. Mr. Doane earned a in Physics and Computer Science from Randolph Macon College and an in Computer Information Systems from Bryant College.
Chief Marketing Officer
Guy has over 30 years of strategic marketing experience acquired at advertising agencies in New York, Philadelphia, and Providence. He was most recently Vice President – Account Service at the Group in Providence. There he directed flagship accounts such as  Honeywell Safety and Cox Communications. Guy’s broad experience includes digital and traditional marketing, advertising, PR, market research, branding, and planning for award-winning campaigns and new product launches. He is a graduate of St. Joseph’s University.
Senior Applications Engineer
Keith has more than 20 years of experience in mechanical and electrical infrastructure systems, most recently with VoltServer and Schneider Electric. He served in the United States Army from 1987 through 1990, and graduated from the Community College of Rhode Island with an Associates Degree in Engineering.
Bruce has more than 20 years of experience in renewable energy, from offshore wind farms to solar technology. He is also of Great Eastern Group and a contributing personality to the NBC10 HomePro show on WJAR-in Rhode Island. He holds degrees in Architectural Engineering from Wentworth Institute of Technology and Roger Williams University.
Director of Operations
James has more 20 years of experience in executive manufacturing management, most recently with Eagle Picher Technologies. In this role, Jim led the manufacturing team in producing high-performance battery technologies. Jim served in the United States Navy from 1987 through 1993, and graduated from the University of Illinois with a in history.
Research & Development Associate
Philip has more than 35 years of experience in research and development of advanced technology systems, most notably with Lockheed Martin Corporation. Mr. Pierce developed solar power systems for satellites and was responsible for the design, fabrication, and testing of solar cell-based power systems for performance and energy balance. Mr. Pierce earned a degree in Physics from The Citadel and served as First Lieutenant in the Army.
is an innovative, clean-technology company, specializing in renewable energy systems and advanced solar power technologies for the transportation industry.This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Learn more about solar energy by exploring these other industry links and resources.
state and regional chapters are a resource for local vendors and installers and educational resources.
is a comprehensive database of all federal, state and local policies affecting solar.
American Solar Energy Society (ASES) is the section of the International Solar Energy Society, publisher of Solar Today magazine and organizer of the National Solar Tour.
Solar Electric Power Association (SEPA) is a trade group representing utilities in the solar energy arena.
Solar Daily – one cell at a time – Daily news on solar technology
Solarbuzz – solar market research and analysis
Renewable Energy World – World’s #1 Renewable Energy Network for News & Information
Greentech Media – News and Information on Green Technologies
Alternative Energy – Alternative energy News and information resources about renewable energy technologies
BrighterEnergy – News on America’s Move to Renewable Energy
is an innovative, clean-technology company, specializing in renewable energy systems and advanced solar power technologies for the transportation industry.This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Tell us a little bit about yourself and download your brochure on the next page.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
is an innovative, clean-technology company, specializing in renewable energy systems and advanced solar power technologies for the transportation industry.