is building its business in alliance with global leaders.
Production at Ensyn’s commercial facility in Ontario will soon be augmented by the new 10 million gallon/year Cote Nord plant in Port Cartier, Quebec and by new projects in Brazil and the U.S.
Ensyn's biocrude is a renewable feedstock for refineries for the production of renewable gasoline and diesel.    
has an established business supplying renewable heating & cooling fuels to commercial and industrial clients.  
and its partners have been producing renewable chemicals using Ensyn’s process for over 25 years.
>Long History of Innovation and Commercial Deployment
﻿1984: First company established by Dr Robert Graham and Barry Freel﻿
Concept developed by Dr. Robert Graham and Barry Freel while at the University of Western Ontario
Focus on fast thermal cracking of carbon-based feedstocks including biomass
Target was to obtain better yields of biocrude, higher quality products, lower costs
1985-1989: Proof of concept and commercialization
Strategic alliance established in mid-1980s with Red Arrow Products Company, a Wisconsin-based food products company
First commercial facility delivered to Red Arrow in 1989
Since 1989, multiple facilities have been delivered to Red Arrow for the production of food ingredients, with byproduct liquids used for industrial heating
is responsible for overseeing operations and maintenance of the facilities
Five commercial units are currently operating at Red Arrow in Wisconsin
Red Arrow was purchased by the Kerry Group in 2015
1990-2000: scale-up of biomass and development of petroleum application
facilities scaled up to 30+ dry tons/day (60+ green tons/day) in the early 1990s
technology adapted for heavy oil upgrading in 1998 – 20 barrel/day petroleum pilot facility
2000-2005: Development and sale of petroleum application
1,000 barrel/day heavy oil unit designed and engineered by and built in the Belridge oil field in California in 2004
Rights to the technology for conversion of non-renewable feedstocks (including heavy oil upgrading) sold in 2005 at a US$100 million enterprise value
2005: Focus on renewable fuels
Following the sale of the non-renewable business, returned its focus to the renewable fuels business 
First step was design and construction of Ensyn's 100%-owned, 70 dry tons/day  (140 green tons/day) facility in Renfrew, Ontario (commissioned 2007)
The Ontario facility was originally commissioned as a commercial-scale merchant facility for the production of renewable chemicals and fuels
Ontario facility was enhanced in 2014 as Ensyn's first dedicated fuels facility
​2008: Landmark alliance with Honeywell UOP
In 2008 and Honeywell joined forces through the creation of Envergent Technologies LLC.
Envergent provides licensing, engineering services and equipment supply to projects developed by and its partners, with performance guarantees.
Ensyn’s alliance with Honeywell was expanded in early 2014 to include cooperation between Honeywell and in developing and commercializing Refinery Co-processing.
and Fibria establish an equally-owned joint venture for the development of facilities to produce biocrude in Brazil. The goal of the joint venture is to combine the strengths of each party to create a major biocrude production base in Brazil
Successful demonstrations of Refinery Co-processing in numerous trials and demonstrations, including in operating commercial refineries
Expanded alliance with Honeywell to include commercialization of Refinery Co-processing
Developed delivery systems to integrate Ensyn's biocrude into operations
Initiated and advanced commercial negotiations with refiners, feedstock providers and project lenders
10 million gallon/year biocrude production facility in Port Cartier, Quebec
Financial support from leading Canadian Provincial and Federal funding agencies
Feedstock is slash and forest residues from local sources
Offtake is focusing initially on heating and cooling markets in the Northeast  Dr. Robert Graham 
Dr. Graham, Non-Executive Chairman of Corporation, is Ensyn’s founder and has led Ensyn’s commercial and technical development since the first company was established in 1984.​
​Mr. Pirraglia has been associated with for over 20 years, serving in various senior management roles and serving as a member of the Board of Directors.
Mr. Freel has worked with Dr. Graham continuously since 1982 in the development of the RTP™ Technology and the development of as a commercial enterprise.
Chair, Finance Committee, Board of Directors
Mr. Barnett has been on the Board of Corporation since 1996 and has been actively involved with over this period in a range of activities including strategic planning, finance and business development.
Mr. Pirraglia has provided legal services for over 30 years, including as a consultant to from 1995 until he assumed his current position in October 2011.
​Executive Vice President & President of Fuels Inc.
Mr. Hopkins joined in 1994 as Project Engineer to assist in the design, construction, and commissioning of RTP® plants and has senior responsibilities across all aspects of Ensyn's technology.
Mr. Müller has been employed by since 2007, initially as R&and currently as Project Engineering. 