Based on clinical proof of concept in treating multiple forms of cancer, our lead product candidate, tazemetostat, is being developed for hematologic malignancies and genetically defined solid tumors. We are also advancing novel compounds directed against a broad range of disease targets.
What's New at Home
▲Robert Bazemore  – President and Chief Executive Officer
Robert (Rob) Bazemore has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2015. Prior to joining Epizyme, Rob served as Chief Operating Officer of Synageva, where he established the company’s global commercial and medical organization to support the first product launch, and helped lead the broader transition to a sustainable commercial enterprise, through its acquisition in July 2015. With more than 25 years of experience across the life sciences industry, Rob held several senior leadership positions at Johnson & Johnson. This included his role as President of Janssen Biotech, where he led the successful launches of numerous products and indications, including the launches of the oncology therapies ZYTIGA® and IMBRUVICA®, as well as guiding the company’s worldwide immunology portfolio strategy. Prior to Johnson & Johnson, he worked at Merck & Co., Inc. for 11 years in roles of increasing responsibility, including the launch of SINGULAIR® in the U.S.
Rob received a in Biochemistry from the University of Georgia. He currently sits on the Board of Directors of Ardelyx, Inc.
Matthew (Matt) Ros now serves as Chief Strategy & Business Officer, overseeing Epizyme’s corporate strategy and business functions. He joined in May 2016 as the company’s Chief Operating Officer. Before joining Epizyme, Matt served as and global head of Sanofi-Genzyme’s $1.4 billion Oncology franchise, leading its restructuring and revised business strategy. Prior to his tenure at Sanofi, Matt served as senior vice president at Pharmaceuticals, leading their oncology commercialization efforts. Matt also held positions of increasing responsibility throughout a highly distinguished 17-year career in Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Oncology franchise and contributed to the successful launches of brands that changed the standard of oncology care, including: TAXOL, ERBITUX®, SPRYCEL® and IXEMPRA®. Throughout his nearly three decades in industry, Matt has built a career and reputation on his ability to build and lead organizations to deliver patient-focused results.
Matt earned a in Business Administration from Plattsburgh. Outside of work, Matt can be found enjoying time with his family, improving his golf game or patiently waiting for the Foo Fighters to announce their next concert tour date.
Dr. Shefali Agarwal is Epizyme’s Chief Medical Officer. Prior to joining the company in 2018, Shefali held leadership positions across medical research, clinical development, clinical operations and medical affairs. She most recently served as chief medical officer at Biotech, where she built and led the clinical development organization, which included clinical research operations and the regulatory function. Before Biotech, Shefali also held leadership positions at Curis and Tesaro. At Curis, she oversaw the Phase 2 study for its dual HDAC/PI3inhibitor in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, and the Phase 1 study in solid tumors for its oral checkpoint inhibitor. At Tesaro, she led the and submissions for ZEJULA® (niraparib) in ovarian cancer. Shefali has also held positions of increasing responsibility at Covidien, Oncology and Pfizer. In addition to receiving her medical degree, Shefali holds a master’s of public health and a master’s of science in business.
John Weidenbruch is Epizyme’s General Counsel. With three decades of legal affairs and policy experience, John has served as General Counsel for some of the world’s leading pharmaceutical and biotech organizations, including Biogen, Inc., Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Abraxis BioScience, Amgen and, most recently, Visterra, Inc. John began his career in healthcare policy as a lobbyist for the Consumer Healthcare Products Association (CHPA), formerly known as the Non-Prescription Drug Manufacturer Association.
John graduated with a in Sociology from Loyola University in Maryland and earned a from Georgetown University Law Center. An alumnus of the board of the trustees, John served as a board member of the American Kidney Fund for seven years.
Andrea Edwards is Epizyme’s Head of Human Resources and Organization Development. Prior to joining Epizyme, Andrea led her own management consulting and executive coaching firm for companies from local start-ups to large-scale global organizations across diverse industries, including several pharmaceutical and biotechnology clients. Andrea formerly served as Vice President of Performance Management at Fidelity Investments, where she led a cross-enterprise team in the redesign of Fidelity’s performance management processes. Andrea brings expertise in global business operations at and The Boston Consulting Group, through her more than 25 years of experience in human resources and evolving leadership and team capabilities.
Andrea earned a in English Literature from Boston University and a graduate certification in Executive Coaching from William James College. In her free time, Andrea is the founder of SwiftRiver Horizons, an organization that helps support women managing chronic stress, encouraging them to implement positive changes within their lives and communities.
Senior Vice President, Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance 
Pamela (Pam) Strode is Epizyme’s Senior Vice President of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance, where she oversees activities related to global regulatory strategy and compliance with GMP, and requirements and standards. Prior to joining Epizyme, Pam served as Vice President of Regulatory Affairs at Cerulean Pharma Inc., where she established the regulatory affairs function. With a regulatory career that spans three decades, Pam has led and supported and global product development and life cycle management at Boehringer Ingelheim and Bristol-Myers Squibb, including oncology, immunology, virology and infectious disease development. During her tenure at BI, Pam led the global registration strategy for VIRAMUNE®, bringing this important first-in-class non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) to patients during the height of the pandemic.
Pam graduated from Rutgers University with a in Microbiology, and from Temple University with an in Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs. Beyond her passion for contributing to the sciences in a meaningful way, Pam finds inspiration in the mountains of Vermont, where she can be found on the ski slopes or around the campfire, enjoying time with family and friends.
Suzanne Fleming, CPA, serves as Epizyme’s Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer. With more than two decades of life sciences experience, Suzanne has worked for some of the industry’s leading biopharmaceutical organizations. Prior to joining in 2017, Suzanne held Senior Finance leadership positions at Oncology, Aegerion Pharmaceuticals and, most recently, Foundation Medicine.
Suzanne graduated from Stonehill College with a in Accounting and earned her license as a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts. In her free time, Suzanne enjoys spending time with her family by the ocean or in a cold rink watching her son play hockey.
John Bishop, Ph.joined in 2017 as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceutical Sciences, which includes oversight of the company’s Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls (CMC) efforts, as well as supply chain management. Prior to joining Epizyme, John served as Senior Vice President of Pharmaceutical Sciences at Momenta Pharmaceuticals, where he was responsible for all aspects of across an array of novel, generic, and biosimilar products, including the approval and launch of generic versions of the complex mixture products Lovenox® and Copaxone®. Before Momenta, John spent 13 years in various industry roles including Millennium Pharmaceuticals as Leader of Velcade®; DuPont Pharmaceuticals; and Alcon Laboratories, where he co-invented the anti-glaucoma drug Travatan®.
John holds a Ph.in Organic Chemistry from the University of California, Berkeley, an from Northeastern University, and a in Chemistry and German from Tufts University. native of Maine, you can find John out on the ski slopes in his spare time with his friends and family.
Vicki Vakiener is Epizyme’s Senior Vice President of Commercial, where she is building the commercial organization’s breadth and capabilities and leading the company’s launch planning efforts for Tazemetostat. During her more than 20 years of experience in oncology, Vicki has held positions of leadership across Johnson & Johnson’s pharmaceuticals and diagnostics businesses. Most recently, Vicki was the Vice President and Oncology Global Commercial Leader for Prostate Cancer at Janssen and led a cross-functional team to develop and execute the global commercial strategy for its portfolio of late stage and early pipeline compounds. She also previously served as the Vice President of Oncology Marketing at Janssen Oncology U.S., where she directed all marketing activities for ZYTIGA®, IMBRUVICA®, DARZALEX® and YONDELIS® and drove launch planning for ERLEADA® and ZEJULA®.
Vicki received a in Biochemistry from Albright College. Outside of work, Vicki enjoys spending time in nature. Each winter, you can find her skiing with her family.  In the warmer months, Vicki enjoys hiking with her two Labrador retrievers and going on biking vacations.
▲Epizyme’s vision is to rewrite therapy for cancer and other serious diseases through targeted epigenetic medicines. We aspire to change the standard of care for patients and physicians by developing medicines with fundamentally new mechanisms of action.
We are focused on creating medicines that are targeted at specific causes of diseases, that are orally administered, tolerable, easy to take, and that are based on a deep understanding of the patients that will benefit from them.
Since 2011, we have discovered five novel epigenetic therapies, three of which are in clinical development and two that have begun or will soon begin IND-enabling studies.
Our pioneering work in epigenetic drug development is led by the advancement of tazemetostat in a number of cancer indications and treatment settings. Our unique scientific capabilities have enabled us to expand our platform into new epigenetic target classes likely to be highly important in disease biology. Our discovery research is yielding exciting new targets for which we are developing novel small molecule programs with the goal of creating a sustainable pipeline of clinical candidates. This includes our most recent drug development candidate, EZM8266, which will begin IND-enabling studies in 2018, for the potential treatment of sickle cell disease. To help further accelerate our portfolio, we have established a foundation of strategic collaborations with biopharmaceutical leaders.
At Epizyme, our exceptional team is wholly dedicated to bringing epigenetic therapies to the many patients who can benefit from them. We believe that we have the opportunity to change the lives of patients living with cancer and other serious diseases and are well positioned to deliver on our multi-year vision.
Andrew Allen, BCh PhD, has served as a director since June 2014. Dr. Allen is co-founder and of Gritstone Oncology, a venture-backed next-generation personalized cancer immunotherapy company that formed in mid-2015. Previously he was co-founder and of Clovis Oncology, Inc. Prior to Clovis, he served in the role at Pharmion Corporation (acquired by Celgene in 2008), as Vice President of BioPharma Development and Head of the Oncology Therapeutic Unit for Chiron Corporation (acquired by Novartis in 2005), and as global project head in Abbott Laboratories’ oncology franchise. Previously, Dr. Allen was with the management consulting firm McKinsey & Company, focusing on oncology strategy. He also serves on the board of directors of Revitope Oncology, Inc., and Cell Design Labs, both privately-held biotechnology companies. Dr. Allen qualified in medicine at Oxford University, earned his Ph.from the Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine in London, and obtained post-graduate internal medicine qualification as a Member of Royal College of Physicians.
Ken Bate has served as a director since December 2014. Mr. Bate is currently an independent consultant in the biotechnology field. From 2009 to 2012, Mr. Bate served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Archemix, Inc., or Archemix, a privately-held biotechnology company. Prior to Archemix, from 2006 to 2009, Mr. Bate served in various positions at NitroMed, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, most recently as President and Chief Executive Officer. From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Bate served as Chief Financial Officer of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, where he headed the commercial organization. Prior to joining Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Mr. Bate co-founded Partners, LLC, a banking and advisory services firm for biopharmaceutical and life sciences companies. From 1990 to 1996, he was with Biogen Inc., a biotechnology company, first as their Chief Financial Officer, and then as head of the commercial organization responsible for launching the multiple sclerosis business. Mr. Bate serves on the board of directors of four other public biopharmaceutical companies, Pharmaceuticals, Inc., BioMarin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Genocea Biosciences, Inc. and Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he was the chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Bate received a in chemistry from Williams College and an from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Robert Bazemore has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since September 2015. Prior to joining Epizyme, Mr. Bazemore served as Chief Operating Officer of Synageva through its acquisition in July 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Bazemore was President of Janssen Biotech, part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Bazemore began his career at Johnson & Johnson in 2002, and held numerous senior commercial positions, including leading the worldwide immunology portfolio strategy and the launches of multiple new products and indications. Prior to Johnson & Johnson, Mr. Bazemore worked at Merck & Co., Inc. for eleven years in roles of increasing responsibility. Robert received a in Biochemistry from the University of Georgia.
Kevin Conroy has served as a director since February 2017. Mr. Conroy has served in the roles of Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Exact Sciences since April 2009. In 2004, he joined Third Wave Technology as General Counsel. From 2005 to July of 2008, Mr. Conroy served as Third Wave’s President and Chief Executive Officer until their acquisition by Hologic. Prior to joining Third Wave, Mr. Conroy served as Intellectual Property counsel at Healthcare, and as Chief Operating Officer of two early stage, venture-backed technology companies in Northern California. Prior to those positions, he was an Intellectual Property Litigator at two Chicago law firms: McDermott Will & Emery; and Pattishall, McAuliffe, Newbury, Hilliard and Geraldson, where he was a partner. Mr. Conroy earned a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering at Michigan State University and Law degree from the University of Michigan.
Michael Giordano, M.D., has served as a director since March 2018 and is currently serving as a clinical advisor to the company. Prior to this, Dr. Giordano was senior vice president and head of development, oncology and immuno-oncology for Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS). In this role, he was responsible for the development strategy for this therapeutic area, as well as for the direction of eight teams working on innovative medicines to improve the standard of care for patients, including Opdivo®, Yervoy®, Empliciti™, Ixempra®, and Sprycel®. He previously held positions of increasing responsibility within the research and development organization, leading the development of more than a dozen molecules in the United States, Europe and Asia. Before joining BMS, he served as assistant professor of medicine and founding director of the Cornell Clinical Trials Unit, a National Institutes of Health and Industry-supported clinical trials center at New York Hospital-Cornell University Medical Center. He earned his and completed his residency and fellowship training at New York Presbyterian-Weill Cornell Medical Center, and received his in natural sciences from The Johns Hopkins University.
Carl Goldfischer, has served as a director since September 2009. Dr. Goldfischer has served as an Investment Partner and Managing Director of Bay City Capital LLC, as a member of the board of directors and executive committee, and has been with the firm since January 2000. Prior to joining Bay City Capital, Dr. Goldfischer was Chief Financial Officer of ImClone Systems Incorporated, a biopharmaceutical company, and since 2004, Dr. Goldfischer has served on the board of directors of EnteroMedics Inc., a publicly traded medical device company. He has previously served on the board of directors of two other publicly traded companies, Pharmaceuticals, Inc., from 2004 to 2011, and Poniard Pharmaceuticals, Inc., from 2000 to 2012. Dr. Goldfischer received a from Sarah Lawrence College and an with honors in Scientific Research from Albert Einstein College of Medicine.
David Mott has served as a director since December 2009. Mr. Mott has served as a general partner of New Enterprise Associates, Inc., an investment firm focused on venture capital and growth equity investments, since September 2008, where he leads the healthcare investing practice. From 1992 until 2008, Mr. Mott worked at MedImmune, Inc., a biotechnology company and subsidiary of AstraZeneca Plc, and served in numerous roles during his tenure, including Chief Financial Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, and most recently as Chief Executive Officer from October 2000 to July 2008. During that time, Mr. Mott also served as Executive Vice President of AstraZeneca from June 2007 to July 2008, following AstraZeneca’s acquisition of MedImmune in June 2007. Prior to joining MedImmune, Mr. Mott was a Vice President in the healthcare investment banking group at Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. Inc. Mr. Mott received a from Dartmouth College. Mr. Mott also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of TESARO, Inc., or TESARO.
Richard Pops has served as a director since September 2008. Mr. Pops has served as Chief Executive Officer of Alkermes plc, a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company, since 1991. Mr. Pops has been a director of Alkermes since February 1991 and has been Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 2007. Since 1998, Mr. Pops has served on the board of directors of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., a publicly traded biopharmaceutical company. He has previously served on the board of directors of two other publicly traded biopharmaceutical companies, Sirtis Pharmaceuticals, from 2004 until 2008, and CombinatoRx, Incorporated, from 2001 until 2009. Mr. Pops received a in economics from Stanford University.
Beth Seidenberg, has served as a director since February 2008. Dr. Seidenberg has been a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, a venture capital firm, since May 2005, where she has primarily focused on life sciences investing. Dr. Seidenberg was previously the Senior Vice President, Head of Global Development and Chief Medical Officer at Amgen, Inc., a biotechnology company. In addition, Dr. Seidenberg was a senior executive in research and development at Bristol Myers Squibb Company, a biopharmaceutical company, and Merck. Dr. Seidenberg received a from Barnard College and an from the University of Miami School of Medicine and completed her post-graduate training at The Johns Hopkins University, George Washington University and the National Institutes of Health. Dr. Seidenberg serves on the board of directors of TESARO.
has entered into strategic collaborations for several therapeutic programs. These collaborations are important elements of our strategy to build a leading, independent biopharmaceutical company. We believe that our collaborations contribute to our ability to rapidly advance our 
, build our product platform and concurrently progress a wide range of discovery and development programs. Our therapeutic collaborations have provided us with more than $200 million in non-equity funding. We have retained global rights to 
, our first-in-class EZH2 inhibitor, outside of Japan in our Eisai collaboration, and have retained commercialization rights in the United States for two of the programs in our Celgene collaboration. We are eligible for milestones and royalties on net product sales in our collaboration.
, we entered a collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim focused on the research, development, and commercialization of novel small molecule inhibitors directed toward two previously unaddressed epigenetic targets as potential therapies for people with cancer. Specifically, these targets are enzymes within the helicase and histone acetyltransferase (HAT) families that when dysregulated have been linked to the development of cancers that currently lack therapeutic options.
In June 2016, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, to conduct a clinical trial to investigate the combination of tazemetostat and Genentech’s approved anti-PD-L1 cancer immunotherapy, Tecentriq™ (atezolizumab), for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), the most common form of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). Under the agreement, Genentech is managing study operations for the Phase 1b clinical trial.
In May 2016, we entered into a collaboration agreement with the Lymphoma Study Association (LYSA) to investigate the combination of tazemetostat with R-CHOP, a standard chemotherapy for NHL, as a front-line treatment in elderly, high-risk patients with newly diagnosed is a premier cooperative group in France dedicated to clinical and translational research for lymphoma, and is certified by the French National Cancer Institute. This Phase 1b/2 study is being conducted with the Lymphoma Academic Research Organisation (LYSARC), the operational arm of LYSA, at multiple sites in France.
In March 2015, we entered into an amended and restated collaboration and license agreement with Eisai, under which we reacquired worldwide rights excluding Japan to tazemetostat. Under the original collaboration and license agreement, we granted Eisai an exclusive worldwide license to our EZH2 program, including tazemetostat, while retaining an opt-in right to co-develop, co-commercialize and share profits with Eisai as to licensed products in the United States.
Under the amended and restated collaboration and license agreement, we are responsible for global development, manufacturing, and commercialization outside of Japan of tazemetostat and any other EZH2 product candidates, with Eisai retaining development and commercialization rights in Japan, as well as a right to elect to manufacture tazemetostat and any other EZH2 product candidates in Japan. In connection with the amended and restated agreement, we paid Eisai an upfront payment of $40 million, and agreed to pay specified milestone payments based on our development and commercialization of EZH2 products outside of Japan and royalties on net sales of EZH2 products outside of Japan.
In December 2012, together with Eisai, we entered into an agreement with Roche Molecular Systems, Inc., to develop and to commercialize a companion diagnostic to identify patients who have certain EZH2 mutations that are targeted by tazemetostat. We are using the diagnostic designed in collaboration with Roche to identify EZH2 mutations in patients in our five-arm Phase 2 study in NHL.
In April 2012, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Celgene under which we granted Celgene an exclusive license to our DOT1program, among other programs, outside the United States, including pinometostat (EPZ-5676), the therapeutic candidate now in clinical development. We retained 100 percent of United States rights and are eligible to receive royalties on net product sales outside of the United States. Celgene made a $65 million upfront payment and made an equity investment of an additional $25 million.
In July 2015, we amended and restated our agreement with Celgene to extend the research collaboration between the two companies for at least three additional years. Under the collaboration, Celgene will have the option to license histone methyltransferase (HMT) inhibitors being developed by against three predefined targets. regained global rights to the remainder of its pipeline, as Celgene’s option to license ex-rights for any other preclinical programs was terminated.
Under the terms of the amended and restated agreement, we received a $10 million extension fee from Celgene in return for an option to individually license global rights for two of the targets and ex-rights for the third target. Celgene has the right to exercise its option with respect to each of the targets at the time of the filing for an additional pre-specified license payment. In addition, will be responsible for leading and funding development for each target candidate through Phase 1 clinical trials. Following the completion of Phase 1, if Celgene chooses to continue its license for a specific target, it may do so by making an additional pre-specified payment.
We may earn total potential milestones of up to $610 million on the three targets, including up to $75 million in development milestones and license fees, $365 million in regulatory milestones, and $170 million in sales milestones. We also may earn a royalty of up to a low double-digit percentage on worldwide net sales for two of the product candidates, and on ex-net sales for the third product candidate.
, we may earn total potential milestones of up to $35 million in remaining potential clinical milestones and up to $100 million in potential regulatory milestones, plus royalties to a mid-teen percentage on ex-net sales.
In January 2011, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with to discover, develop and commercialize novel small molecule inhibitors directed to three targets from our product platform. Under the agreement, we received an upfront payment of $20 million. In addition, we have received a $3 million payment upon the execution of an agreement amendment, $6 million of fixed research funding, $9 million in research funding payments and $15 million in milestone payments and are eligible to receive up to $620 million in additional milestone payments, comprising aggregate research, development and regulatory milestone payments of up to $402 million and sales-based milestone payments of up to $218 million. In addition, is required to pay us royalties on worldwide net product sales.
