    Solar offers tailored solution according to the client best interest and needs.
                                                                Elbana Hospital - 5 kwp Off Grid with batteries for 3 hours                                                            
                                Solar offers tailored solution according to the client best interest and needs.                            
Developed by Solar offers tailored solution according to the client best interest and needs.
 Due to the current Dilemma of power source generation all over the world encouraging to go green depending on renewable energy sources.
 The birth of Solar was founded in September 2014 after more than 5 years of deep and intensive studies for the renewable Energy technology all over the world
With the most of European countries already depending on solar power generation of electricity as one of its strategic source to generate power     Solar started with 100,000,000 capital,In addition to the highest calibers and expertise in the solar industry to present excellent service level of solar power integrated solution.
We believe this is the key to any successful relationship. It is important to that our clients and team members have a strong foundation of trust in each other.
We believe this is the cornerstone of good business.
We are committed to honesty and high morals in all deals, both internally and externally.
Low Maintenance Cost comparing to diesel generator .
Cost effective: it save 60 to 70 %. Long life for solar power plant 20-25 years.
Available for residential, commercial and utility projects.
 Deliver the services for our clients with Creative, Experienced, professional Team.
Provide innovative tailored technical and financial solutions for our client.
Delivery on Time,Handling whole supply chain and delivery time.
and Co.founder of Evergorw group for special fertilizers with his clear vision, determination and continuous upgrading with latest technology in the world he managed to gain a market share 60% of the Egyptian market .
With more than 20 years experience in Electrical Engineering, he used this experience to get in touch with top rated companies in Solar world manufacturing to offer an optimum solutions From to Egypt
More than 10 years Experience in Sales , Marketing and Operation Management Qualified him to Present in the market with innovative and effective plans to gain the targeted market share in the Egyptian market
Solar offers tailored solution according to the client best interest and needs.