Advancing surgery across the globe to help provide life-changing treatment options.
You’ve selected a different language of Ethicon.com which may show different product availability. Are you sure you would like to switch?
You've selected the regional instance of www.ethicon.com.
In order to serve you to the best of our abilities, we want to make sure we're showing the proper product information according to your location. Based on your internet connection, we believe you are located in Greece.
To continue and visit the regional instance of www.ethicon.com, click "Continue". If you would like to view a different location of www.ethicon.com, click 'Change Location' and select an available location.
Privacy Notice - US, is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. In order to make your visits to the various www.ethicon.com sites as responsive as possible, we collect location information when you visit us online and store this information as a cookie in your browser for a duration of 60 days to facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the site. You can refuse to accept these cookies by following your browser's instructions; however, if you do not accept them, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the site. You may also not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs. To learn more, read our Privacy Policy.
You've selected the @region regional instance of www.ethicon.com.
In order to serve you to the best of our abilities, we want to make sure we're showing the proper product information according to your location. Based on your internet connection, we believe you are located in @country.
To continue and visit the @region regional instance of www.ethicon.com, click "Continue". If you would like to view a different location of www.ethicon.com, click 'Change Location' and select an available location.
This site intended for Healthcare Professionals. Not all products are available in all countries. Please contact your local office for more information. If you are a patient, it is important to discuss health information with your doctor.
To best serve you, we want to make sure we provide information relative to your location. Using your address, we've recommend a site relative to your location. If correct, please proceed to view information relative to products available. If incorrect, please use the location dropdown selection tool above.
This site is published by USA, which is solely responsible for its contents and is intended for audiences only.
This site is intended for Healthcare Professionals.  If you are a patient, it is important that you discuss information about the benefits and risks of products with your doctor. This site is intended for Healthcare Professionals. Not all products are available in all countries. Please contact your local office for more information. If you are a patient, it is important to discuss health information with your doctor. To continue, please acknowledge and dismiss.
Committed to shaping the future of surgery in the fight against obesity and metabolic diseases and helping to elevate the standard of care through research and evidence, best-in-class education and training, innovative products and expanding patient access to care. Together, we’re advancing surgical care, enabling patients to live longer, more fulfilling lives.
Our commitment to colorectal surgery focuses on reducing risk of complications and associated costs. By combining innovation with education and research, we enable more predictability in outcomes.
We are committed to developing flexible solutions for every aspect of cancer procedures – from supporting education to funding research to delivering innovations that reduce the incidence and cost of managing bleeding and infection-related complications.
Distal Pancreatectomy
Left Lateral Sectionectomy
Open Right Hepatectomy
We are dedicated to procedural precision and have a renewed focus on bringing greater precision to every aspect of thoracic surgery. Through training, research, and innovative products, we provide tools to enable better outcomes in thoracic surgery.
Our goal is to collaborate with the gynecologic community to ensure positive clinical outcomes. We offer solutions to support a number of gynecological surgical procedures – both open and laparoscopic – as well as a variety of techniques.
Ethicon’s commitment to advancing hernia repair is reflected in our ongoing investments in evidence, innovative products, and best-in-class professional education.
We are committed to the Orthopedic Specialty by providing training and education programs, research and innovative products. We strive to provide tools to enable better outcomes in orthopedic surgery.
Total Hip Arthroplasty
Total Knee Arthroplasty
The portfolio of Adjunctive Hemostats is an area dedicated to aid in surgery by focusing on an array of technologies to minimize bleeding challenges. Solutions comprise innovative, biologically based products for surgical conditions that are often difficult or expensive to manage.
SURGIFOAM® Absorbable Gelatin Sponge Hemorrhoidectomy Sponge
With the broadest advanced energy portfolio, provides you with unmatched choice for your laparoscopic and open surgical needs.
ENDOPATH® Electrosurgery PLUS® II
MEGADYNE™ Stainless Steel Electrodes and Pencils 
Our surgical stapling portfolio addresses the challenges of tissue thickness. tissue movement during firing. staple line security, and tissue tension to provide you with greater stapling precision in surgery.
PROXIMATE® Fixed-Head Skin Staplers
PROXIMATE® Rotating-Head Skin Staplers
ENDOPATH® Articulating Linear Cutters
Hemorrhoidal Stapler
has pioneered advances in skin closure that enable you to minimize tissue trauma, optimize healing, and improve patient outcomes. We offer a portfolio of innovative wound closure solutions designed for the specific needs of skin, fascia, and organ tissues.
MONOCRYL® Plus Antibacterial (poliglecaprone 25) Suture
MERSILENE® Polyester Fiber Suture
offers you flexibility across surgical specialties, so you can choose the right trocar, with the right level of performance, when and where it is needed. The ENDOPATH® Trocar Portfolio brings value to every procedure.
Surgical Thoracic Trocar Sleeve with Rounded Tip Obturator
XCEL® Trocars with OPTIVIEW® Technology
has been pioneering advances in hernia surgery to help restore patients back to their pre-hernia life. Our innovative value-led solutions are meant to provide strong and safe hernia repair and are designed for good long-term patient outcomes.
PROLENE® Polypropylene Hernia System
The portfolio of endoscopic and open ligation devices are designed to provide optimal patient surgical experiences. Our deep understanding of the interaction between surgical tools and living tissue has enabled us to design solutions for confident occlusion.
LIGACLIP® Multi-Patient Use Single Clip Appliers
minimally invasive option for soft tissue lesions in the liver, kidney and lung. Learn how this versatile system allows physicians to ablate lesions of many shapes and sizes with consistency and control.†,*
NEUWAVE™ Microwave Ablation System
has worked with gynecologists to create innovative new solutions for a greater choice of procedures. Enhanced technique combined with innovative technologies helps to improve surgical performance.
VERSAPOINT™ Bipolar Electrosurgery System
Our storage solutions help to organize your to meet your needs.  understands the importance of at-your-fingertips access to frequently used products near the OR.
Infection Control is a high priority for hospitals and throughout the continuum of care. Clinicians focus on fewer breaches of the skin and proper site maintenance which improves outcomes, lowers costs and increases patient satisfaction. provides solutions for your vascular access and surgical site infection control needs.
Whatever your needs during the course of surgery, is committed to providing you a solution.
You are going to another regional website. The content and products listed may not be approved or available for use in your specific region or country.
New study suggests surgical stapler may play important role in reducing common complication associated with lung surgery
Greater than Two-to-One Difference in Thoracic Surgery Air Leak Incidence
New study highlights impact of surgical staplers on tissue and staple-line healing 
FLEX™ System is associated with a stronger staple line and higher leak pressures when compared to Endo GIA™ Reload with Tri-Staple™ Technology
New survey finds one-third of Americans say they or someone they know have been “fat shamed” in the past year
Stigma may influence how people view and seek obesity treatment
Reflux Management System significantly more effective than standard of care medical therapy in treating symptoms of GERD
Portfolio of Products, Education and Training to Help Surgeons Handle Challenging Reoperations
Ethicon’s novel skin closure system leads to higher patient and surgeon satisfaction after total knee replacement
Study Finds Combination Topical Skin Adhesive and Self-Adhering Mesh Preferred over Skin Staples for Wound Closure 
Losing weight between young adulthood and middle age significantly reduces diabetes risk
New Study Suggests Nearly Two-Thirds of Diabetes Cases Could be Avoided if Adults Were to Maintain a Healthy Weight Between their mid-20s and 40s 
New study finds powered stapler use is associated with reduced rates of bleeding complications in thoracic surgery for lung cancer
Powered Staplers Associated with Improved Clinical and Economic Outcomes in First Real-World Assessment Versus Manual Staplers
highlights new capabilities to reduce exposure to surgical smoke at the Association of PeriOperative Nurses (AORN) conference
Johnson & Johnson Medical Devices Companies’ Comprehensive Solutions Can Help Improve Patient Care and Health in the OR
 New Absorbable Adjunctive Hemostat from helps surgeons control disruptive bleeding more efficiently 
SURGICEL® Powder is the next innovation in bleeding management designed to help improve operating efficiency 
For complete indications, contraindications, warnings, precautions, and adverse reactions, please reference full package insert.
 which is solely responsible for its contents, and is intended for audiences only.
This site is intended for Healthcare Professionals.  If you are a patient, it is important that you discuss information about the benefits and risks of products with your doctor. 
