            uses cookies to enable the service and to improve your experience with us. To learn more, check out our 
. By clicking or continuing to use our site, you agree that we can place these cookies.
Take great notes
Unclutter your life
Bring your team together
Compare Plans
Find the solution that fits your needs
Make better notes, faster
Keep your notes handy
Find information anywhere
Bring your team together
Go paperless with Notebooks & Tags
Organize your own way
Inclusion & Diversity
Discover our values
Why Save, sync and share it all
Need help? Get in touch
Compare Plans
Notebooks & Tags
Inclusion & Diversity
Capture ideas and inspiration from anywhere and manage tasks with ease.
By clicking below, agree to the 
Feel organized without the effort
helps you capture and prioritize ideas, projects, and to-do lists, so nothing falls through the cracks.
Focus on what matters most
Manage everything from big projects to personal moments.
Capture ideas and inspiration in notes, voice, and pictures.
Never lose track of your tasks and deadlines.
At work, at home, and everywhere in between
Evernote’s plans and pricing are designed to fit your needs.
single place for your notes, ideas, lists and reminders.
Stay organized, wherever you are
Plan, keep records, and manage projects from any device–even offline.
Collaborate with your team
Manage projects, deadlines, clients, and meetings with ease.
Create your free account and choose the plan that fits your needs.
Type notes, add attachments, clip web pages, or record memos. All in one place.
Organize your way. Use notebooks, tags, or our powerful search to find everything you need quickly.
Manage projects, take meeting notes, set reminders, and edit documents.
Multi-Device Sync
Notebooks & Tags
Capture ideas and inspiration from anywhere and manage tasks with ease.
By clicking below, agree to the 
Compare Plans
Notebooks & Tags
Our Community
Inclusion & Diversity
Русский
العربية
한국어
Privacyuses cookies to enable the service and to improve your experience with us. To learn more, check out our  cookie policy . By clicking or continuing to use our site, you agree that we can place these cookies.
was founded to address a growing problem that technology helped to create: how to succeed in a world of an ever-increasing volume and velocity of information.
Our purpose is to give people the time and freedom to focus on what matters by helping them to live more organized lives.
Not so long ago, capturing ideas meant having to stop and jot it down on paper before you forgot it. Clipping web pages? You had to bookmark it or take a screenshot. Saving and sharing files with a project team meant trading office docs via email, never sure who had the latest version.  Then came Evernote.
creates products and services that have helped people better focus on what matters most. has changed the way individuals turn their ideas into actions, helped teams work better together, no matter where they are. 225 million people around the world have discovered Evernote, which is used in over 25 languages every day.  is a global, privately-owned company headquartered in Redwood City, California.
While Stepan Pachikov, our founder, began working on an idea he had for what became Evernote, he recognized three things the brain does: it remembers the past, builds connections, and creates new ideas for the future.
was founded as an extension of the brain. Beginning with the mission of “Remember Everything,” has grown to address the three needs Pachikov identified.   With 8 billion notes created by 225 million people worldwide, it’s easy to see why Evernote’s products have become the default place for individuals and teams who want to remember everything, turn ideas into action, and work better together.
See what others are saying about how works for individuals and teams, and how it can work for you. For more, visit our Press page.
Here's how to get the most out of document storage and sharing service Evernote