 Industry Expertise 
 Fitness center trends to watch  over the next 5 years 
 How to retain clients in your physical therapy business 
We help people reach higher and achieve more.
Join our team
 6 things successful fitness centers get right 
 5 pro athlete habits you can learn from 
Research and Insights
6 things that successful fitness centers get right
 Cancer Treatment Centers of America 
Caring for caregivers
5 Coaching Strategies to Engage Your Clients
 don’t believe would have been able to achieve my results without the coaching and encouragement from the staff."
 Fortune 100 technology company 
 I’m running 15 minutes on a treadmill and running sprints on a field — things never thought I’d be doing a year out from my injuries. Coming to has changed my life for the better.”
 Special Operations Command 
 Coaches: If you want to improve your game, don’t miss a week at The staff is the best group of professionals I’ve ever been around.”
 Strength and Endurance Performance Institute 
that helps people reach higher and achieve more.
We started in the late ’90s with the belief that human performance is for all of us. We felt strongly about this but weren’t yet sure how to impact the most people. Rather than confining ourselves to established industries such as health care, corporate wellness, and sports performance, we’re interested in putting people in the best position to take control of their health so they can succeed at anything.
That’s why we’ve created a platform for achievement that any organization can use to help all its people reach their potential. After all, the well-being and performance of every person on a team are vital to its success.  learn more about what we do
comes from the word “exosphere,” the highest level of the atmosphere. It’s about performing at a higher level.
We believe taking control of personal health and performance is a universal challenge.
No matter your profession, from software engineer to sports star, you want to improve every day — and not just at work. Performance is about achieving what matters to you, and that’s what matters to us.
performance every day
The percentage of people who would recommend to a friend or colleague.
We work with clients at over 400 sites worldwide
Teamwork is the lifeblood of our company. We work together to support each other, our partners, and our clients in the most challenging environments around the world.
In addition to our corporate offices and our owned-and-operated performance centers, you can find services at corporate campuses, military bases, health clubs, community centers, health systems, academic institutions, and sports organizations in more than 30 countries.
Partnerships have always been a crucial part of this company. Our partners advance our research and push us to stay at the forefront of human performance. We drive one another, support one another, and celebrate achievements together.
With the support of adidas, we first opened our doors in 1999, and we’re still collaborating today.
Our leadership team builds strategies, systems, and processes to create a healthy company and enable our workforce to deliver results for our clients. We invest in team members, innovation, and solutions so we can continue driving human performance outcomes and inspire people to aim higher and achieve their goals.
team members are leaders and learners, working together to empower each other and clients.
Awards in areas such as innovation in sports and employee wellness programs are a testament to our clients’ achievements. That’s why recognition matters to us. It means we’re making a difference in the lives of others.uses cookies to analyze traffic and improve upon the user's online experience. Learn more about our cookie usage at our privacy policy .
Watch us work on our craft and make a difference.
team members connect their passion and interests in life with their jobs. Check out these videos to learn about the people behind the roles — then put yourself in their position.
The experts behind our methodology, our certified performance specialists help clients improve their movement technique, decrease injury risk, and optimize performance using our training programs.
About health fitness specialists
Our health fitness specialists instruct, motivate, and empower clients to meet their goals through consultations, personal training, and group training.
As the passionate, energetic leaders of classes, our group exercise instructors work face-to-face with clients on a daily basis. It’s their passion that motivates others to be at their best both in and out of class.
Critical to client development and growth, our account managers are the primary point of contact for our clients. They build strategic relationships and ensure plans are properly executed.
Our performance dietitians lead the company’s nutrition methodology, developing meal plans, performing nutrition evaluations and consultations, and guiding clients to improve their habits.
The brains behind our tech, our software engineers are always experimenting and making new breakthroughs. The result is smarter ways for people to improve their performance.
About facilities asset managers
As the touch point for our facilities, facilities asset managers cultivate strong relationships with facility staff and partners in the community. They also focus on direct and downstream sales.
Our visual designers are the creative force behind They design responsive user interfaces and mobile platforms, print layouts, infographics, motion graphics, and our spaces.
Do what’s best for yourself and your career.
We offer a comprehensive benefits plan that reflects our culture of leading a healthy, well-balanced life.
With tools to care for your health, plan for your future, and enhance your skill set, you can build a
Short- and long-term disability
Dependent care flexible spending account
Transportation and parking reimbursement programs
Online educational opportunities
Team members receive discounts on apparel and footwear, training equipment, nutritional supplements, and other products and services.
How can join
Pursue your passion with an internship or job at EXOS.
career at means making a difference in the lives of others. is a place where you can build a successful career, enjoy life, and be part of a passionate team. Think you’re a good fit? Check out our internships, apply for a job, or submit your résumé to be considered when a new position opens up.
We are looking for candidates who:
Care about the front of the jersey, not the back
Display a passion for helping people perform their best
Aim high, work hard, and tackle any challenge
Think critically to solve even the toughest problems
Thrive in a fast-paced environment
Show an entrepreneurial spirit
Phoenix, 85050MENU
human performance company.
Lead employees toward optimal health and performance with a better approach to corporate wellness.
Whether you’re a global operation or a startup, the cost of employee wellness is an investment that pays off in many ways. It’s been shown that when employees create new healthy habits, performance improves, at work and everywhere else. has been leading the way in workplace wellness for over two decades, creating evidence-based employee wellness programs for global companies across a number of industries.
Our employer health solutions come to life through a combination of wellness services, technology, fitness facilities, and performance staff, and are always within reach — online, via mobile apps, and through in-person coaching.
Compared to traditional corporate wellness programs, drives more health outcomes, decreases more health-risk factors, and generates higher return on investment. And employees love to share how much they enjoy their healthier lifestyles.
see what we can do for your company
by the numbers
corporate clients
 Stories and solutions
5 ways to help your employees be more active
 Cancer Treatment Centers of America 
Caring for caregivers
7 hidden benefits of corporate wellness programs
8 ways to engage your workforce in a wellness program
Back pain is hurting your company. Here’s what to do about it.
How are you measuring your wellness program?
see what we can do for your company
Corporate wellness is twofold. When your employees have more tools to improve how they feel, your company can perform better as a whole. Drop us a line and let’s talk about which services are best for your office’s culture, people, and goals.
Nine in 10 organizations offer at least one wellness initiative, according to The International Foundation of Employee Benefits Plans . And while this shows that most companies are “checking the box” when it comes to corporate wellness, many are looking to take their offerings to the next level.
“Today, companies are recognizing that employees need to be engaged and really need to address their overall health and fitness — not only for performance for their employers but for themselves and their families,” says Mike Parent, senior director of new business and sales.
But there are many myths about what it takes to implement a successful corporate wellness program. We debunk them here.
Myth: It’s too expensive.
Growing a corporate wellness program often starts with reallocating dollars already being spent, Parent says. “Most companies will provide some level of health insurance, and they don’t think twice about that cost,” he says, noting most spend at least $10,000 per employee per year. But health care is often sick care: taking care of employees once they’ve already become unhealthy. Reshape that budget to focus on prevention and solution-focused programs, he says.
Start with ditching superficial financial incentives. An annual health screen — and the check that comes with it — doesn’t matter if employees don’t do anything about those results. “All they’re doing is participating, reluctantly, in that biometric scan because they know they have to do it to get the payment,” he says. Instead, put that money toward health professionals who can help employees develop lasting behaviors that will change their health. Consider contracting a dietitian or health coach to help employees build personalized plans.
Growing a corporate wellness program often starts with reallocating dollars already being spent.
Myth: People won’t participate.
lack of participation is often the result of a lack of education. Most corporate wellness programs offer resources employees don’t use or don’t even know about. “It’s just too confusing,” Parent says.
Start by simplifying and promoting available options. If your company offers free sessions with a dietitian or discounts on gym memberships, get the word out. Engage employees with simple, focused, meaningful, and relevant information, he says.
Participation is also driven by conversation. “Your messaging has to be supportive. It has to be ‘What’s in it for me?’” And once you get through to employees, Parent says, you “have to have a program that backs it up.”
Despite the prevalence of corporate wellness programs, the majority aren’t successful, Parent says. Services and programs may be in place yet not truly reaching employees.
The minimums — providing health care, putting generic information on the company website, and incentivizing employees to participate in regular health risk assessments — aren’t enough. To take it to the next level, Parent encourages companies to match offerings to what their employees need.
Many companies have identified at-risk employees — perhaps based on test results — but are unable to effect change. Test results mean nothing if there aren’t services in place to serve employees’ specific needs, he says.
Worrying about the benefits of corporate wellness? Healthier employees actually perform better and are more productive.
Employees won't change behavior just because you tell them to, but you can help them discover personal reasons for improving their health.
Positive messaging to promote your program offerings can help employees take the time to participate.
Connecting personal goals and priorities to health can increase the likelihood of employees adopting and sticking with positive changes.
Myth: There are no tangible benefits.
Healthier employees perform better , plain and simple, Parent says. Tangible, measurable benefits — improved body composition, fewer aches and pains, and better biomarkers — lead to more creativity, productivity, and efficiency .
Healthy employees take fewer sick days, spend less on medical care, and can focus at work. “They’re going to show up, be present, and perform at a better level,” Parent says.
robust corporate wellness program also fosters a workplace in which employees feel supported and valued, and that means less turnover. Replacing an overworked, unhealthy workforce is time-consuming, expensive, and bad for morale.
Myth: It’s not a company’s place to change someone’s health.
Employees won’t change ingrained habits and improve their health simply because an employer is pushing it, Parent says. What companies can do, though, is show employees how becoming healthier will change their lives overall. “If a company can send out the right message — we want you to upgrade your health for you and your family — it changes the culture,” he says.
Start by helping employees find their own personal reasons for improving their health, Parent says. Connecting personal goals and priorities to health can increase the likelihood of their adopting and sticking with positive changes. “They’re doing it because they’re helping themselves,” he says.
Hello! And thanks for stopping by. We work with individuals and all types of organizations, from corporations to health systems to the military, to name a few. Tell us what you’re looking for, and we’ll guide you to the services, technology, people, media resource, or career opportunities that are right for you.
How is changing the corporate wellness model
PHOENIX, June 22, 2018 — In a new article by Fortune magazine, writer Phil Wahba explores how is changing the traditional corporate wellness model and leading companies toward a more proactive approach to health care.
The article looks at how technology can help scale wellness solutions and the results Humana is seeing from EXOS’ approach and methodology. 
