Connecting You to the Information
Services (EIS) provides advanced solutions in the requisition of medical records for life insurance and financial professionals across the nation. utilizes secure portals and advanced technology to transfer and receive confidential information between provider and requester, anywhere in the world. We provide a level of service to clients that far exceeds industry standards.
Clients can select the best service options for their needs—full service, or individual access—which allows for a more efficient, flexible  workflow to meet your specific requirements.
As a compliant company, clients can be confident that the highest level of security is applied to each phase of the medical record retrieval process.
Strategic partnerships with industry-leading organizations provide clients with a streamlined platform to ensure all requests are processed in the fastest and most efficient way possible.
is dedicated to providing clients with unsurpassed access to records during critical policy approval periods. Clients across the nation experience an average 10- day return on orders.
has an extensive database of provider- specific authorization forms, which allows streamlined processing and reduction of errors.
are online and accessible to clients 24/7. No matter where you are in the world, you can connect to the information you need.
RELIABLE, SOLUTIONS
provides some of the lowest pricing in the industry and we are committed to working with each client to customize a fee schedule which works for you.
Learn MoreOur philosophy emphasizes client satisfaction, which we achieve by offering services designed specifically to meet each of our clients’ unique requirements. Strategic partnerships extend service offerings to add a seamless experience for our clients, providing a more efficient method of ordering, viewing, and transmitting medical records. Our partners are long-term strategic relationships who function as an extension of EIS, delivering unsurpassed quality and service. Additionally, is also integrated with the internal underwriting of many major insurance carriers.
Ebix SmartOffice for Insurers, BGA’s IMO’s, Brokers and Agents
In use by many of the top 20 Fortune 500® Life companies and more than 100,000 professionals worldwide, SmartOffice solutions are now considered the industry standard for agency management, practice management, and enterprise In use by industry leaders for more than two decades, SmartOffice solution for CRM, practice, and agency management are trusted across the industry to help improve marketing efforts, provide valuable reporting capabilities that drive better business decisions, and create a customer-centric environment that helps increase sales revenues. Select the solution designed to meet your specific business needs.
iPipeline is a leading provider of cloud-based software solutions for the life insurance industry. Through their Saasolutions, iPipeline accelerates and simplifies insurance sales, compliance, operations and support. iPipeline provide process automation and seamless integration between every participant in the life insurance industry including carriers, agents (such as financial advisors and independent insurance agents), distributors (such as banks, broker-dealers and general agencies) and consumers. Our innovative solutions enable automated processing for pre-sales, point-of-sale execution of applications, post-sale support, reporting, consumer delivery and agency management.
iPipeline provides the process automation and seamless integration needed on a global basis to make a sale by aggregating more than 120 carriers, 875 distributors and financial institutions, and their producers and licensed advisors in a cloud-based environment. With headquarters in Exton, Pennsylvania, iPipeline has locations in Cheltenham (UK), Fort Lauderdale, Horsholm (DK), Huntersville, Philadelphia, Salt Lake City, Tokyo, and Vancouver.
is a leading provider of estate planning and wealth transfer solutions for high net worth individuals.  With NFP's independence it provides access to the world's leading carriers across life insurance and annuities, property and casualty protection disability income and long-term care. The membership organizations - PartnersFinancial, Benefits Partners - expands the network of advisors and over elite insurance and benefits firms a forum for education and collaboration.
members use UConnect, a proprietary secure web-based application, which allows new business to be submitted electronically to several carriers at one time, thus standardizing the process and reducing turnaround time substantially.  In addition, UConnect allows our agents to order medical records, track case activity, and store case documents in one place all while complying with HIPAA.
PaperClip Inc. is an innovative software development and services company with 25 years’ experience and over 6 million electronic documents per month exchanged in a popular straight through processing model for the financial service industries. PaperClip focuses on industry business problems and delivers emerging technology solutions that help to satisfy an industry as a community. PaperClip offers a powerful collection of document management, workflow, document exchange and email encryption services designed to be simple but effective for the entire brokerage community to create, manage, access, and exchange documents electronically, while enhancing compliance.
