The cockpit of the future will be connected, versatile and predictive.
Technologies working towards a zero emissions world.
Project to acquire Clarion: launches its tender offer
to test-bed real-time emissions monitoring from a fleet of commercial vehicles in Singapore
Motion Sickness: Making the most of the onboard experience
2019 - Wrap up and customer feedback
2019/02/18 before Stock opening
Titre bloc RH
Can we inspire your career?
Join our international community!
at Lien bloc étudiant
Does driving performance drive you?
Operations: 40 job offers
Ready to inspire the mobility of tomorrow?
Could you be the motor that powers our teams?
Program management: 12 job offers
Inspiring Mobility is our ambition and the promise we make to all our stakeholders, and this story starts with you.
Fonction de l'auteur
Chief Executive Officer of Titre du bloc
week in a life...
Sous-titre
Discover Faurecians’ daily lives all over the world on Instagram
around the world
Pictogramme
Pictogramme
Pictogramme
Our business groups
Operational excellence
Cockpit of the Future
Faurecia’s innovation ecosystem
Other countries
ContactsBertrand Faure opens its first seat manufacturing workshop in Levallois-Perret, France
Seats are mainly made for trams and the Paris metro.
The patent allows Bertrand Faure to perfect automotive seats and develop a new product, spring mattresses. This marks the start of a concerted effort to explore ways to improve occupant comfort.
At just 21 and 25 years of age, brothers Auguste and Maurice Cousin buy a workshop to repair light vehicles and trucks in Normandy, France, then expand the business to include tool manufacturing. They decide to set up shop in their home town of Flers in 1952. Bertrand Faure buys the company in 1983.
In December 1971, Sommer (automotive floor coverings) and Allibert (injection-molded automotive parts) merge to create Sommer-Allibert. The goal is to create a leader in the automotive industry.
In 1983, the Cousin brothers sell their company to Pierre Richier, of Bertrand Faure, a precursor to the Group.
Aciers et Outillages Peugeot and Cycles Peugeot merge to form Équipements et Composants pour l’Industrie Automobile (ECIA). This creates a Peugeot Citroën subsidiary and major European equipment manufacturer built around four main product lines: exhaust and intake systems, seats, cockpits, and bumpers and structural parts.
The deal gives a 98.75% stake in Bertrand Faure and has the advantage of creating a strong Group able to meet the needs of customers around the globe. As a result, comes to play a key role in the consolidation of the French industry.
View the original article on https://www.liberation.fr/
and Bertrand Faure merge to form Faurecia, Europe's fifth-largest automotive equipment supplier and the world's number-three in exhaust and seats. The Group makes its debut at the Paris Motor Show, where it unveils a new name and logo.
announces the launch of the first diesel particulate filter (DPF). Developed in partnership with Peugeot-Citroën, the technology eliminates more than 99% of even the finest exhaust particles from diesel engine emissions. The technology is mass-produced the following year for the new Peugeot 607.
In October, absorbs the automotive arm of plastics manufacturer Sommer-Allibert. The company is well established in Germany, Spain and the United States, and is one of Europe's leading names in vehicle interiors, including door panels, instrument panels and acoustic modules.
signs a major contract with General Motors to supply complete seat for a number of the automaker's models, based on a standard platform. The order, worth an annual total of around $500 million, makes one of the leading suppliers in North America.
Between 2004 and 2006, the Exhaust business group (now Clean Mobility) strengthens its foothold in Asia by opening new production sites, buying Daeki Industrial, South Korea's second-largest maker of catalytic converters, and creating an exhaust R&center for local automakers.
launches its Happy Attitude concept car in late 2005, using a Nissan Micra to provide a full-scale showcase for its latest innovations in automotive interiors. The car demonstrates Faurecia's ability to take on board consumer demand for vehicle customization while anticipating the needs of automakers looking to differentiate their models by offering four "ambiences" (Gingko, Kumquat, Moon and Pop). Happy Attitude wins the Janus de l’Industrie award in 2006, bringing an official stamp of approval for quality and a benchmark for industrial design.
launches its Premium Attitude concept car, ushering in the Cockpit of the Future
demonstrates its expertise at the Los Angeles Auto Show in November 2007, where it unveils a Czech-made 1972 Tatra sedan with a brand new cockpit! The Group highlights an array of innovations in terms of comfort (height-adjustable seat cushion, electrically-operated central armrest, electric "relax" feature for the rear seats and automatic headrests) and safety (including the concept, which incorporates an airbag into the instrument panel. Premium Attitude wins the 2008 Janus de l’Industrie award.
launches the Challenge 2009 plan to cope with the financial crisis
The financial crisis shakes the global economy and especially the automotive industry. Anticipating a significant downturn in production in Europe and the United States, compounded by a sharp drop in sales in 2009, introduces the "Challenge 2009" plan in late 2008 to cut costs.
The crisis turns out to be a catalyst for transformation and progress. begins by taking steps to boost competitiveness. The Group then acquires Emcon Technologies and Plastal to strengthen its position in two of its four business groups (completing the acquisitions in 2010).
Emcon Technologies, a company specializing in emissions control technologies, joins Exhaust to create Emissions Control Technologies (later named Clean Mobility). The acquisition strengthens Faurecia's scope for innovation and production in a fast-growing segment spurred by the introduction of increasingly stringent standards. Emcon Technologies also allows to gain a foothold in a new market: industrial vehicles. Following the acquisition, establishes an exclusive partnership to supply complete emissions control to Cummins, the world's leading manufacturer of diesel engines for commercial vehicles.
boosts its capabilities in reducing diesel emissions through a 21.2% strategic investment in Amminex, a Danish company with state-of-the-art expertise in NOx treatment. Amminex is the company behind the Ammonia Storage and Distribution System (ASDS), which eliminates nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions from diesel engines. goes on to acquire a 91.5% stake in Amminex in 2017.
buys the Ford plant in Saline, Michigan in May 2012. Production begins the following month after a series of refits and upgrades to ensure the site meets the Group's own manufacturing performance standards.
The acquisition strengthens Faurecia's ties with Ford, which becomes its second-largest customer in terms of sales, while making the market leader in North America.
continues to expand in Asia with a new TechCenter in Shanghai
Faurecia's new TechCenter for Automotive Seating, and Automotive Exteriors gives the Group significant R&resources in China, where automotive production is a fast-growing business, with local manufacturers gaining an increasing share of the market. In addition to designing and developing projects for the Chinese market, the Shanghai TechCenter also handles the development of several global programs.
In March 2014, launches "Being Faurecia", an ambitious plan to transform its company culture. The plan is designed to support the Group's accelerated growth—doubled in size between 2009 and 2012—and unite all employees (aka "Faurecians") worldwide. The plan rests on two pillars: one fostering a culture of performance and value creation that promotes entrepreneurial spirit, autonomy and responsibility; the other developing the skills of employees through training and functional mobility.
The Automotive Exteriors business is sold to Plastic Omnium in July 2016 for €665 million. The deal allows to eliminate its debt while developing two focal points of its strategy: Smart Life on Board and the Cockpit of the Future. The Group then sets up an investment vehicle called Ventures to fund innovative tech startups such as Taktotek, Canatu, Ad-Venta, Cloud-Made, etc.
Established in 2012, University achieves unprecedented growth through its own digital transformation in 2016, when it creates the Learning Lab, an in-house training platform used by nearly 50,000 employees. This allows the University to offer online training sessions through more than 120 massive open online courses (MOOCs).
In February 2017, unveils its new logo and "inspiring mobility" tagline, marking the launch of a new strategy to mirror major trends in the automotive industry.
In 2017, also accelerates the roll-out of its new strategy (Sustainable Mobility and the Cockpit of the Future) by developing its innovation ecosystem. The Group makes a number of key investments throughout the year and establishes partnerships with ZF, Malhe and Accenture to focus on safety, thermal comfort and mobility services. To strengthen its presence in China, creates new joint ventures with established and emerging players in the Chinese market, including Dongfeng, Wuling and BYD.
In January 2018, makes its first appearance at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, showcasing several innovations resulting from its recent strategic partnerships. Examples include the next-gen Morphing Instrument Panel, which provides an adaptive display tailored to the driver's chosen mode, along with cockpit voice controls and gesture recognition.
The automotive industry is undergoing a technology revolution, and is at the heart of this transformation providing solutions for inspiring mobility
From energy efficient and zero emissions vehicles to connected and predictive cockpits, is creating long-term value for all stakeholders by providing solutions for Sustainable Mobility and the Cockpit of the Future around the world.
Ancre
Connectivity and autonomous driving will radically change the onboard experience.
Whether driving, travelling, working or relaxing, the vehicle will become a key differentiator for automakers. is developing the Cockpit of the Future that will be connected, versatile and predictive.
Environmental and societal concerns are driving evolution in the powertrain - from electrification to new mobility solutions.
teams are working to ensure sustainable mobility through innovative solutions for fuel efficiency, zero emissions and air quality.
In today’s world, with the many environmental and societal challenges posed by urbanization, growing populations, technology disruption and global warming, has a responsibility as a company to make a positive contribution to society and to all its stakeholders. This role is described by Faurecia’s Convictions. They are an integral part of the Group’s Being culture and are supported by the six values that guide all Faurecians daily behavior.
Ancre
has a strong performance-based culture that is grounded in six values as well as robust principles guiding Ethics, Management and operational excellence. Being Faurecia, a cultural transformation program launched in 2014, helps us develop the entrepreneurship, autonomy and accountability of our teams to ensure excellent performance from innovation to production. By encouraging mutual respect and leading by example in our industry, we mobilize the energy and passion of employees to achieve ambitious goals and develop innovative solutions for future mobility.
Ancre
We have a responsibility as a company to make a positive contribution to society. Sharing our convictions across our ecosystem ensures that our collective efforts help advance key issues of our day from sustainable economic development, tackling global warming to suporting the life-long employability of our people.
Environmental issues pose a serious challenge for humanity
We want to help cap the rise in temperature by reducing the carbon footprint of our activities and offering solutions for sustainable mobility. We support national and international organizations to reduce global warming and respect their principles.
The world is in a state of permanent disruption
Technology is rapidly changing our business models and working methods. We must anticipate the next trends, remain agile and invest in innovation and education. We strive to ensure the employability of our employees throughout their working life through lifelong learning, professional mobility and on the job training. This is the best guarantee for ensuring that everyone can reap the benefits of technological advances and changing work practices.
Short term thinking jeopardizes future generations
Companies must have a positive impact on society
We are a member of the community in each region where we operate worldwide. We contribute to economic development and the creation of social value by hiring at the local level, providing career training and advancement for employees and through a commitment to ethics and social responsibility. Above and beyond our legal obligations, we have a responsibility to maintain a frank and ongoing dialogue with the communities that surround our sites, to ensure that our operations are harmoniously integrated into each region. As appropriate, we initiate or contribute to projects and programs that address local needs, by offering our expertise and resources in support.
Each year, Faurecian employees fight hunger in their communities during the annual (Unites with Employees for Local Service) Community Food Drive.
Related contentChapô
Automotive suppliers to partner on lighting solutions for the Cockpit of the Future
The lighting and electronics specialist and Faurecia, one of the world’s leading automotive technology companies, will cooperate in a strategic partnership for the development of innovative lighting solutions.
In the rapidly changing automotive industry, we need to create value through innovations with rapid time to market. As a integrator in the vehicle interior, we have created partnerships to expand our technology expertise and become more agile. Our strategic collaboration with is the latest example of this approach. Alongside our partnerships with and ZF, we are uniquely positioned to offer safe, connected and personalized user experiences which can be integrated into today’s vehicles and will be critical for tomorrow’s cars.
Trends such as autonomous driving and individualization will completely redefine vehicle interiors. We are therefore already working intensively on concepts for vehicle lighting that enable a variety of new functionalities and can be adapted to the different needs of passengers and driving situations. The collaboration with will provide us with additional opportunities to drive the development of innovative lighting solutions in a comprehensive manner.
At the Paris Motor Show held in October 2018, and showcased a first demonstration of a unique ambient lighting experience for a more comfortable, dynamic and versatile environment integrated into a Cockpit of the future. On entering the vehicle, occupants were welcomed by personalized lighting on the instrument panel, door panels and seats. and have also worked on the autonomous driving scenario to devise a series of dynamic lighting features to enhance driver information and safety.
Don’t miss out
Sign-up to get notified of any publication posted on this website
Create an email alertawards with Accreditation for its Corporate University
is delighted to announce that University has recently received accreditation and joined the community of accredited organisations.
The Corporate Learning Improvement Process (CLIP) is a unique accreditation run by that focuses on identifying the key factors that determine quality in the design and functioning of corporate universities and learning organisations.
is very pleased that University (FU) has successfully gone through accreditation. We were particularly impressed by the strong alignment of top management with the mission and role of FU, by the digital and social learning platforms and activities within Faurecia, by the reverse digital mentoring program, by the professionalism and engagement of the team, and by the positive brand image of We congratulate for this achievement and look forward to their contribution to the community.
Fonction de l'auteur
Associate Director, Corporate Services, who leads the process at EFMD
Starting in 2015, undertook a major transformation of its business and made training a strategic driver for of its employees. We are very proud to receive this world leading accreditation. It recognizes our University as a major cornerstone of our cultural, business and digital transformation and our commitment to empower our human capital.
University’s mission is to meet the business expectations and provide an innovative learning experience that both support core competencies and develop leadership skills and mindset changes required for transformation. In 2017, University trained more than 9,000 employees over the period with its three regional campuses. With its learning lab, the University proposed more than 140 on different topics such as leadership, management, diversity, ethics, AI, blockchain,…
University joins the community of accredited organisations which also includes: Akademie Deutscher Genossenschaften ADG, ArcelorMittal, – Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, Capgemini University, Group, – Energy of Portugal, ENGIE, Grupo Santander, Mazars, Finanzberatung SE, Naturgay, S.A., Pertamina Corporate University, Group, Repsol, Sberbank Corporate University, Siemens AG, Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd., Telkom Indonesia, UniCredit Group.
For more information on the process, visit - www.efmd.org/clip
Don’t miss out
Sign-up to get notified of any publication posted on this website
Create an email alertLinkedIn
Try Premium for freeLinkedIn
Try Premium for freeTweet Text
Get instant updates from your friends, industry experts, favorite celebrities, and what's happening around the world.Facebook
Get instant updates from your friends, industry experts, favorite celebrities, and what's happening around the world.