Our Companies
Public Safety Systems
Joe Johnson Equipment
We provide products and services to protect people and our planet.
An overview of our offerings, services and company.
Our Companies
An in-depth look at our select products and platforms.
Ideas, research and opinions from within the company.
Take a look at our current openings.
                        Vactor is the proven leader in sewer cleaning and vacuum excavating              
                        Elgin Sweeper is a worldwide leader in street sweeping technologies              
                        Vama is a key integrated solutions provider for service vehicles throughout Europe              
                        Jetstream, a leading provider of automated industrial high-pressure water blasting solutions              
                        Total solutions in communications systems specifically designed to safeguard people and property              
                        Victor makes a wide variety of mining industry products known for quality and reliability              
                        Premier municipal and contractor equipment specialist providing sales, service, parts, and rentals              
View Signal’s 2017 accomplishments, financial performance, and our 2018 goals  presented by key Company executives.
We aspire to greatness
is proud to be the winner of a Chicago Innovation Award
Appoints New Director
Raises Full-Year Outlook after Outstanding Third Quarter
to Host Third Quarter Conference Call on November 6, 2018
Our Companies
Our Companies
Public Safety Systems
Joe Johnson Equipment
		We provide products and services to protect people and our planet.
			We operate with the highest principles and deliver results through customer focus, innovation, continuous improvement, teamwork and investing in our people.
principal manufacturing facilities in five countries around the world
117 years in business
areas of expertise
designs and manufactures a suite of products and integrated solutions for municipal,
governmental, industrial, and commercial customers under a variety of recognized brand names.
We thoughtfully consider and continuously recognize the impact we make on people and the environment.Our goal is to accomplish these objectives in a socially responsible manner that delivers value to our customers and shareholders.
Corporate Recruiting
Steve Plavec
Public Safety Systems
Global Solutions North America
Global Solutions United Kingdom
Silk House, Park Green
Guzzler Manufacturing
Joe Johnson Equipment
Rugby Manufacturing
Travis Body & Trailer
Vactor Manufacturing
Unit 3A, Tyne Dock East Side, Port of Tyne, South Shields
Our Companies
