Pursuing novel ways to solve challenges is what drives the people of Ferro. It’s what makes us a leading functional coatings and color solutions provider with worldwide reach. It’s what makes us a career destination for the brightest minds. And it’s why we’re trusted by customers to be a catalyst for achieving exceptional performance.
The products that surround you in life aren’t built by Ferro. But, our functional coatings and color solutions are part of those products – in more ways than you can imagine.
Ferro’s teams strive to go beyond the status quo to think differently about every aspect of our customers’ businesses and products.
Access a full library of literature and materials to better understand Ferro’s products and services – for current and prospective customers, suppliers and investors.
Visit us at Feria Valencia, Pavillion 3, Level 3, Booth B28
We are excited to announce that during his 100th year anniversary will attend to Unicera Fair in Istanbul.
Visit us at Gandhinagar, Hall-10, Booth number C-111 to get to know Ferro’s extensive offering for tiles.
ReCAP: Impressive Showing at the China Enamel Industry Association Meeting
Ferro’s Porcelain Enamel business was a sponsor of the event and presented three well-received technical seminars.
Our organic coating range is green, and growing!
Get optimum device protection with sealing glass
New colors expand creative opportunities for architects and interior designers.
Industry quality. Multicolor. One run. There’s a game-changer in town.
Thousands of manufacturers worldwide rely on products and technologies. Our commitment to performance ensures that end products are stronger, last longer, captivate through color and texture, and can be manufactured with improved efficiency. Our global operations offer expertise that extends across a vast landscape of applications––all to help our customers enhance the lives of millions of consumers.
Assemble highly experienced teams and support operations throughout the world committed to developing solutions that deliver value to our customers and shareholders.
Empower teams to develop focused industry expertise and collaborate to develop forward-thinking ideas that improve our ability to serve customer needs in ways that are socially and environmentally responsible.
Continually enhance our customers’ ability to deliver products that improve the world around us, presenting new avenues for growth in markets worldwide.
