Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
The new Koheras system offers you a high-power, frequency-converted and ultra-low noise laser system offering up to 7 output. With a market leading low phase noise and narrow linewidth at 775-780 nm, it is ideal for ultracold atom applications.
January 24, 2019
Our engineering department, researchers, and Phstudents contribute with several talks and posters at this year's Photonics West. Below is a list of our activities that you can hear presented…
Look, no hands!
January 11, 2019
new, advanced optical technology makes it possible to characterize ultra-thin materials without touching them.…
New Vice President of Sales
January 10, 2019
We are pleased to announce that Leif Alexandersson joins Photonics as Vice President…Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
Photonics is the leading supplier of high performance fiber lasers, fiber optic sensing systems, and photonic crystal fibers. Our main markets are within imaging, sensing and material processing. Our products include ultrafast lasers, supercontinuum white light lasers, low noise fiber lasers, distributed temperature sensing systems and a wide range of specialty fibers. Photonics has its headquarters in Denmark with sales and service worldwide. Photonics is wholly owned by Holding A/S.
We have lasers in space and deep under the oceans and our products run in both clean rooms and on oil rigs at sea. We seed the World’s largest laser fusion experiment and power hundreds of the most advanced microscopes on the Globe. We aim to make a difference in the World and we are involved in projects that will transform the way we live through life-science, renewable energy and the basic understanding of the Universe. With over fifteen years of expertise, and experience, Photonics strives to continually be the market leader in everything we do.
We will lead the transformation of photonics products by setting new standards for fiber lasers and systems.
Our products must have volume potential and key optical functionalities embedded in optical fibers.
We will strive to become the market leader, wherever we engage.
Hereby we will create a scalable and truly commercial business for us and our customers.
All Photonics products are produced under our certified quality management system certified in accordance with the 9001 standard. Download our  9001_certificate .Skip to content
Corporate social responsibility
We have a story to tell and we would love to tell it to you. Want to know more about our company and what we do? Contact our Basil Garabet on +45 4348 3900 and he will tell you a story of a photonics company that set sail for the high seas to change the World.
Below you can find various files and images to support your story.
Latest news from A/S
Corporate social responsibility
Lasers & Fibers
Member of the GroupHi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
At Photonics we aim to make a difference in the World. Commercially and by creating technology and products that benefit Mankind. These are lofty goals for sure but they drive us to perform above and beyond our peers and they keep us all motivated when we push forward with the wind in our face.
Looking for a job in photonics? Then we have a career boosting option for you. We employ some of the best minds in our industry and we are always on the lookout for talented individuals willing to go the extra mile and make a difference. If you think you have what it takes to be in front then send your resume to careers@nktphotonics.com and let us know how you can contribute. Our open positions are listed below, and even if you don’t find what you are looking for there, we’d really like to hear from you if you have technical expertise in R&D, Sales or Production.
Working for Photonics
career at Photonics gives a lot of possibilities for development – personally as well as professionally. As typical for a Scandinavian company, the organization is fairly flat and the path to decisions short. Moreover, it’s easy to move around in the organization if you are looking for new challenges. Started in Production but feel more at home in Engineering? Or how about a position in Sales? No problem, you are never stuck with us. With R&and production sites in Denmark, UK, Switzerland and Germany as well as sales offices across the globe, there are also ample opportunities for geographical relocation, should you want to try a life in another country.Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
The agile nature of Photonics requires a lean management team with a good understanding of the advanced markets we operate in as well as solid commercial experience. Our team brings both, as well as a relentless drive to make a difference.
President and CEO
Basil holds an MSc in Lasers and Their Applications and has extensive international management experience from leading positions in the photonics industry. Previously with EM4, Altitun, and Melles Griot. Since 2013, Basil has been acting as a consultant specialising in revitalising companies towards profit and growth, including the successful turnaround and sale of Lasers on behalf of The Group.
Ultrafast Lasers
Carsten Thomsen has more than 20 years of experience within ultrafast laser. He joined us in 2004 focusing on development of supercontinuum technology in collaboration with industrial partners and has extensive knowledge within strategic product- and business development. He holds a Phdegree in chemical physics from Aarhus University and a business degree from Copenhagen Business School.
In 2001 Christian Vestergaard Poulsen joined Photonics from IONAS, where he had focused on single frequency fiber laser and silica on silicon planar waveguides. Christian received his Phdegree from the Technical University of Denmark and has been a Research Fellow at the University of Southampton. He further holds a degree focusing on Technology Companies from Copenhagen Business School.
With us since 2017, Don comes to us from Lasers, where he was the He has extensive experience in laser manufacturing, automation and supply chain management and has previously worked for Agilent, Bookham and Marconi Optical Components. Don holds a Master’s Degree in Opto-electronics from the University of Strathclyde.
Kim Hansen has been with the company since 2001. First as project and product manager in Crystal Fibre and since 2011 with the responsibility for global marketing and corporate communication. He has an engineering background in physics and telecommunication with a Phfrom the Technical University of Denmark and comes from positions within the sensing and telecommunication industry.
Leif Alexandersson
With Photonics since 2019, Leif cames to us with a very comprehensive international experience in Management, Sales Management, and Business Development in the Lasers and Photonics Industry where he held executive positions in companies like Newport, Spectra Physics, and DirectPhotonics.
Mads has more than 20 years’ experience within corporate finance. He joined us in 2018 to strengthen our financial planning, and secure and improve profitability governance. Previously, Mads has worked in the and China with companies such as Novo Nordisk and Novozymes. He has significant experience working with Board of Directors, Audit Committees and on multiple business boards.
Nicola Davies is a qualified Practitioner with the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) in the She has extensive experience of managing multi-site, multi-cultural workforces and has worked in the Photonics industry for 20 years. Previously with Group where she was responsible for leading in EMEA.
Pietro joined Photonics in 2018 to act as Commercial Director for Lios Sensing. He has more than 20 years’ experience with cables and related monitoring systems. Pietro holds a Master Degree in Nuclear Engineering and a Phin Energetics, both from the Polytechnic of Turin, Italy. In January 2019 Pietro became General Manager at Photonics GmbH.
Thomas Oldemeyer
Senior of Aerospace & Defense
Thomas Oldemeyer has been with Photonics since 2006, where he started as of Technology. Before this, Thomas was working as Sales Director for Thomas holds an in Marketing and International Business from the University of Paderborn. Since October 2017, Thomas is responsible for developing the Aerospace & Defense Market for Photonics.
Global Laser R&D
Wolfgang joined Photonics as of Global Laser R&leading our company-wide laser R&activities since 2018.  He comes to us with many years of industry experience from his time in various executive positions in companies like II-VI, Spectra-Physics, JDSU, and DirectPhotonics. Wolfgang Gries, graduated in Physics at the Technical University Berlin.Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
Nordiske Kabel og Traadfabriker (today NKT) was founded by Prior in 1891 and has been a listed company since 1898.
Over the next 90 years the company grew into one of Denmark’s foremost industrial enterprises, with focus on cable production (electricity, power and telecommunication cables), but also active in the production of nails, screws and other hardware for the Danish market.
starts production of optical fibers in Denmark. In 1987 and AT&creates a joint venture under the name later becomes part of Lucent Technologies, Lucent Technologies Denmark, the predecessor of Fitel Denmark.
The first Koheras low-noise single-frequency fiber lasers were introduced into the market
establishes several R&companies. Among them are Crystal Fibre and Koheras (Ionas at the time) that would form the foundation of Photonics.
divests Gito Intel
The first commercial photonic crystal fibers were introduced into the market by Crystal Fibre
The first Supersupercontinuum white light lasers were introduced into the market.
Acquisition of Laser Gmband later establishing Photonics GmbH
Crystal Fibre – the largest commercial supplier of microstructured specialty fiber and Koheras – the leading company within low noise lasers and Supersupercontinuum white light lasers, merge and become Photonics.
The first Koheras lasers are sent into space as part of ESA’s magnetic field mission, Swarm.
German specialists Technology becomes part of Photonics
Photonics acquires fiber laser manufacturer 2017
Photonics acquires Swiss ultrafast laser manufacturer Onefive and pulsed laser diode specialists Advanced Laser Diode Systems, ALS.Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
Our Values – Dream Design Deliver
Our Values – Dream Design Deliver
At Photonics we don’t just supply lasers and sensing systems, we design solutions that bring our customers closer to their goal. Closer to their dream. And we deliver what we promise. Always. We call this concept “Dream Design Deliver” and it has made us one of the fastest growing companies in the laser industry.
State of the art: We want to be a state of the art supplier; Continuously on the technical forefront of commercial products.
Teamwork & collaboration: We encourage teamwork and collaboration across all organizational, geographical and cultural boundaries.
Customer value: By focusing all processes around our customers, we want to become the preferred partner for our customers and set new standards for value of commercial fiber lasers.
Benefit of mankind: We will design products that enables commercial and technological breakthroughs that benefit mankind.
Smart: We will be smarter than our competition in every aspect of our organization and products.
Simple & Ready to Use: We will provide a robust and simplified systems that are ready to use.
Modularized: All products must be modularized so that components and sub-systems can be reused between product lines.
Lean: We will all constantly improve the quality of our processes, products and services. We will do it with open minds to learn and evolve.
Agile: We will adapt fast to changes to maximize our performance.Measured by ability for fast turnaround of off-track projects
Honest: We will be honest in everything we do and keep our promises in all situations.Measurement on delivery on time and project execution
Reliable: We will deliver reliable products of high quality and we will be a reliable partner for our customers.Hi there! We use cookies. By browsing this site, you accept our use of cookies. Read how we use cookies Okay, thanks
Corporate Social Responsibility, CSR
Corporate Social Responsibility, CSR
At Photonics we believe in doing things the right way. We will always conduct our businesses in a responsible manner and target sustainable solutions with a view to ensuring continued success and growth.
became signatory to the Global Compact in 2009 and provides a yearly Communication on Progress (COP) report on human and labour rights, environment and anti-corruption.
NKT’s work in the area of social responsibility has been formalised by the framework provided by the Global Compact and thus supports NKT’s mission of long-term value creation both in our businesses and in the international community. This is the only way to ensure future development and growth, as we see it.
The Group is active worldwide and engages with numerous stakeholders representing a variety of interests, including employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and the communities in which we do business. We believe that establishing and maintaining standards with respect to human and labour rights, environment and anti-corruption will provide for a more sustainable business environment to the benefit of both and our stakeholders.
The Ethics Statement expresses our commitment to promoting Group-wide ethical standards, compliance and accountability. We demand and expect all persons or entities representing any part of to act in compliance with these standards.
We support and respect internationally proclaimed human rights and will not be complicit to abuses thereof.
Diversity and Non-discrimination
We perceive diversity as an important asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity to our employees and will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on religion, race, colour, gender, age, sexual orientation, political orientation, birthright or other status.
Freedom of Association
We support and will not interfere with our employees’ freedom to voluntarily establish and join organisations of their own choice, including labour unions.
We condemn and will not tolerate use of child labour.
We condemn and will not tolerate use of forced labour, including involuntary prison labour.
Health and Safety
We strive to provide each employee of with a safe and healthy work environment and will implement precautionary measures to help protect our employees from work related hazards.
We will act with integrity in our dealings with others.
Our business results and competitiveness shall be achieved through ethical and legal business practices. We will not participate in unfair trading and illicit anti-trust activities.
We condemn and will not participate in bribery or other corrupt and fraudulent practices.
We are committed to working towards preservation of the environment through sustainable business processes.
We will strive to reduce consumption of resources and to limit emission of pollutants from our business activities.
We will handle waste conscientiously in an environmentally safe manner and employ recycling programmes.
The sustainability and competitiveness of our business will be based on ongoing efforts to develop, employ and promote environmentally friendly products and processes.
We will monitor and assess the impact of our business on the environment within selected key areas.
Your willingness to come forward and report unethical behavior is important to Photonics. Therefore, employees and members of the boards, customers, suppliers, collaborators, business partners and others related to Photonics, are encouraged to come forward with their concerns.
Contact the Whistle-blower Hotline  where you can report either online or by telephone.
The website is operated by Got Ethics, a third-party provider. It is not an emergency service and must be used for reports such as:
Serious financial crime
Serious offences directed towards and employee or a business partner