There's more to see—and avoid—at night, through glare, and in the fog.
Advanced driver-assistance (ADAS) that include thermal imaging sensors deliver data-driven, life-saving action in real time.
Giving cars the power of thermal sight for safer roads
There's more to see—and avoid—at night, through glare, and in the fog.
Advanced driver-assistance (ADAS) that include thermal imaging sensors deliver data-driven, life-saving action in real time.
Ultra High Performance Multi-Sensor Camera System
We're building more than innovative technologies; we're striving to create a more sustainable, more efficient, and safer future by enhancing human perception through best-in-class intelligent imaging & sensing solutions.
Stay locked in on what’s in front of you. We've got your back with the powerful, unrivaled advantage of best-in-class surveillance, imaging and intelligence.
Make your machines work harder. Produce more. Repair less. Work smarter with brilliant technology that makes critical decision-making clear as day.
Ever wonder what it’s like to be a super hero?  Seeing is unbelievable.
System['import']('app');®
At we provide superpower vision, helping people around the world save lives, protect the environment, and enhance productivity. We're building more than innovative technologies; we're striving to build a more sustainable, more efficient, safer future. 
See how thermal imaging has helped Jonah Energy reduce fugitive natural gas emissions by 75%.
Lawrence Dennis shares how ATI's aerial technology is taking the benefits of technology to new heights.
cameras opened the doors to a whole new industry for Rob Camann and Mechanical's and plumbing business.
Scott Harris of PropertyExam.com explains how thermal imaging separates his company from the competition.
Chief Brent Elliott of Green Bay Fire Dept shares why he strongly believes that thermal imaging is a necessary tool from both a tactical and command level.
Pilot Alexis Scully flies rescue missions in Oregon for the Army National Guard. Hear her story and how she uses to get people home safely.
System['import']('app');To Be The World’s Sixth Sense
We don’t just come to work every day. We come to make a difference every day. We have the privilege of helping save lives and livelihoods. Our products are used in a wide array of situations to rescue people in danger, detect criminals, conserve energy, navigate safely, provide security around the globe, and protect our environment. We empower real-life heroes to do their jobs more effectively and it’s an honor and responsibility that fuels everything we do.
Since our founding in 1978, has grown substantially. Today we are the global leader in the design, manufacture and marketing of sensor systems, created for users in the commercial and government sectors, internationally and domestically.
improves the world with innovative, infrared sensing and detection technologies, designed to keep the planet safe, communities healthy, and economies productive. With an unwavering vision and solid determination, this is a fast-paced, rapidly changing business. 
Our people set us apart. As the market-leader, is a busy, dynamic place. We offer challenging careers and real professional growth in a culture that encourages constant creativity, continuous learning, and individual responsibility.
When you join our team you will relish the opportunity to be part of our success. Because, just as our products make a difference to the world, everyone who works with us is given the ability to make an impact on our future. 
Thanks to the talent and imagination of our people, we are the best at what we do. Working to the highest ethical standards, we support the countries and communities in which we trade. In addition to our Corporate Charitable Giving Program, every one of our sites supports local charities and contributes to disaster relief efforts - another way for you to make a difference.
is made up of innovative, engaged and yet diverse groups of people. What brings us all together are our Core Organizational Values: a few firmly held beliefs about how we do business, develop our people and set a new standard for the industry. Taken together, our values embody what it means to FLIR.
If these core values speak to you, we’re always looking for creative, passionate people to add to our growing team.
We have a pioneering, courageous spirit to innovate for the future. We do not fear the unknown and will blaze new trails to save lives and livelihoods.
We do the right thing, even when it’s hard and no one is watching, to the benefit of our customers, employees and shareholders. We pride ourselves on integrity.
We are nimble and move decisively, at the speed of heat, to embrace better ways to pursue our mission. We do not shirk in the face of change.
We are results-driven, passionate about winning and strive to exceed customer expectations each and every day. We collaborate and always treat each other with respect as we pursue success. We never forget that a win for us, is a win for the real-life heroes we serve.
The strengths of our people have established as the market leader in the infrared industry. We have built an environment of creativity, continuous learning, and professional freedom – ideal for flourishing careers.
Creative people, from all backgrounds and diverse perspectives, give us our energy. They bring us new ideas, meet challenges and realize their potential. The trust of customers, shareholders and communities is at the core of our vision and every member of the team has the opportunity to make a real contribution to our success. 
Our belief in the highest ethical standards is unwavering. Striving to make a difference, we support the countries and communities in which we trade, backing local charities and playing our part in disaster relief. 
leads the infrared market because we are the best at what we do - and that’s no accident. It’s thanks to the imagination, endeavor and application of the people with whom we work. So we believe it is essential that we reward our colleagues properly, and show their professional growth, health and well-being are as important to us as their financial security.
We believe diversity gives us a competitive edge in the global marketplace, reflecting the different aspects of our customers, markets and colleagues. It also enables us to be a representative member of the communities in which we live and operate.
We are dedicated to a culture which values and respects all people and encourages their ideas, so diversity is an integral part of the way we do business. Our success as a global leader depends on it. 
is an equal opportunity employer.
As a Federal Contractor, is required to participate in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work in the United States. For information regarding your legal rights and protections, please click  here .
is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with physical and mental disabilities. If you need special assistance or an accommodation while seeking employment, please e-mail  abilities@flir.com . We will make a determination on your request for reasonable accommodation on a case-by-case basis.
At FLIR, we work to empower real-life heroes to do their jobs more effectively. For almost four decades, the company has provided militaries around the world with technology to help them accomplish their mission. Today, employs hundreds of veterans in a range of job roles, including engineering, sales, business development, support, and executive staff. aspires to do more for those who have served their countries and sacrificed so much. To help veterans in their transition to the civilian workforce, our goal is to significantly increase the number of veterans at and become a top employer for veterans in the coming years. 
How We Take Care Of You...
At FLIR, our people are the source of our energy. Our team members have established as the market leader in the infrared industry, which is why we reward them well and have built an environment of creativity, continuous learning, and professional freedom – ideal for flourishing careers.
As a member of the team, you will always have the opportunity to make a substantial contribution to this principle, because we recognize everyone has the ability to drive our future achievements. We offer competitive, performance-based packages which include base salary, the chance to earn cash bonuses and, in some cases, participation in our long-term incentive program.
All our teams enjoy generous benefits, as we believe it is important to provide a comprehensive rewards system to support your professional growth, wellbeing, and financial future.
Systems, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes technologies that enhance perception and awareness. We bring innovative sensing solutions into daily life through our thermal imaging, visible-light imaging, video analytics, measurement and diagnostic, and advanced threat detection systems.
offers a diversified portfolio that serves a number of applications in government & defense, industrial, and commercial markets. Our products help first responders and military personnel protect and save lives, promote efficiency within the trades, and innovate consumer-facing technologies. strives to strengthen public safety and well-being, increase energy and time efficiency, and contribute to healthy and intelligent communities.
We're building more than innovative technologies; we're striving to build a more sustainable, more efficient, safer future.
- The Global Leader in the Design, Manufacture and Marketing of Thermal Imaging Infrared Cameras
System['import']('app');®
Systems, Inc., (“FLIR”) prohibits the posting of materials that infringe the intellectual property rights of others. In addition, expressly reserves the right to remove any content that infringes the intellectual property of others or that violates FLIR’s Terms of Use. may terminate the accounts of users who has reason to believe have engaged in such conduct.
- description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the web site;
System['import']('app');®
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
System['import']('app');Terms of Use
The Web Site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. All Content on the Site is protected by copyright, and is owned or controlled by or its licensors. You will abide by any and all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content or User Provided Content on the Site. You may not modify, publish, retransmit, participate in the transfer, sale or resale of, copy (other than temporary copies that may appear in or be created by your browser), create derivative works of, distribute, perform or display any Content in any way, except that you may make one copy for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content.
Some features on the Site require registration. By registering at, and in consideration of, your use of the Site you agree to provide, true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and to maintain and promptly update such information. You may only maintain one active registration with By accepting this Agreement, you certify that you have no other registration with FLIR.
KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, COMPLETENESS, TRUTH, ACCURACY, NON-RIGHT, MERCHANTABILITY, "IS, FAULTS" "AVAILABLE" FURTHER, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, ERROR-FREE, CORRECTED, VIRUSES, PROPERTIES, SERVICES, INFORMATION, ACCURATE, YOU.
You agree that will not be held liable to anyone for any loss or injury resulting from your direct or indirect use of the Site. This includes, but is not limited to, loss or injury caused in whole or in part by FLIR's procuring, compiling, interpreting, reporting or delivering any portion of the Site. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of such warranties, so this may not apply to you, but the disclaimer will apply to the furthest extent allowed by law.
You acknowledge that will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from or related to the use or inability to use the Site whether or not such loss or damage is based on contract, tort (including negligence and strict liability) or otherwise. Some jurisdictions do not allow the waiver of such damages, so this may not apply to you, but the waiver will apply to the furthest extent allowed by law.
Some software, documentation, products and technical information available on or through the Site may be subject to or foreign export controls. By accessing, downloading, purchasing or using such software, documentation, products or technical information you represent and warrant that you are in compliance with and shall abide by any such applicable laws and regulations. makes no representation that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between and you with respect to your use of the Site. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of the Site must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the Agreement, and the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. All provisions of this Agreement that impose obligations continuing in their nature shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement, including but not limited to, provisions for indemnity and any licenses granted by you to The failure of to exercise or enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Systems, Inc. is a world leader in the design, manufacture, and marketing of intelligent sensing technologies that enhance perception and awareness. Pioneers in the commercial and government infrared industry, provides a wide variety of sensing solutions that detect people, objects, and substances that may not be perceived by human senses. These solutions enable professionals to make more informed decisions that save lives and livelihoods.
Get up-to-date stock details
System['import']('app');Privacy Policy
Community Forums: You may submit Personal Information to by using the Community Forum feature of the Site. Information that you submit in this manner will be subject to the terms contained in our Terms of Use Agreement. To review these terms visit Terms of Use .
Purchases, Contests and Information: You may order e-mail newsletters, join a limited-access premium site, sign up for an event or contest, or purchase products or services. Personal Information collected by is often limited to e-mail address, language, country or location, but may include other information.  For example, if you choose a service or transaction that requires payment, such as making a purchase in the shopping area of the Site, we or our third party service providers will request Personal Information necessary for billing and/or shipping, such as: name, address, telephone number, and credit card number. 
Other:  may, from time to time, collect other information from you when you voluntarily provide it (for instance, when we make special offers, hold promotions, or conduct surveys). Information collected by these means is used internally for purposes such as marketing, customer administration, technical administration of the Site, or to contact you.
In addition to the uses described above, we may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
To allow to carry out its contractual obligations to you.
To make the Site and Cloud Services easier for you to use by not making you enter your Personal Information more than once.
To respond to your inquiries and to deliver services that you request or purchase and to provide you with related customer service.
To help us create and publish content and offers most relevant to you.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the Site and Cloud Services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities.  Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Information. 
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our products and services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities. 
strictly protects the security of your Personal Information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
takes precautions to protect our users’ information both online and offline.  Inside FLIR, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access.  You also have a significant role in protecting your information.  Except as described in this Privacy Policy, no one can see or edit your Personal Information without knowing your login and password, so do not share these with others. 
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
Your Personal Information may be transferred to countries other than your own to process and store data in accordance with our Privacy Policy and to provide you with products and services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. By using the Sites, Cloud Services and our products and services, you consent to us transferring your data to these countries. 
does not rent, sell or share your Personal Information with other people or non-affiliated entities except to provide the products or services you’ve requested, when has your permission, or under the following circumstances.
We provide the information to trusted third parties who work on behalf of or with under confidentiality agreements, including third parties who provide packaging, mailing and delivery services, answer customer questions about products or services, send postal mail, process event registrations and provide other administrative services.  These third parties may use your Personal Information to help communicate with you and for other reasons.  However, these third parties do not have any independent right to share your Personal Information. 
also works with other vendors, partners, advertisers and other service providers in different industries and categories of business.  This may include other companies who wish to offer our registered customers information about their products and services using postal mail. 
For more information regarding these third parties, please contact us at one of the Webmaster email addresses below.
You may submit Personal Information through the Community Forum feature of the Site.  Any information that you post or disclose through this feature may be available to other users and the general public.  We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose information through the Community Forum feature.
may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, including laws outside your country of residence, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on FLIR; (b) protect and defend the rights, property, privacy or safety of FLIR, our affiliates, you or others; or (c) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; or otherwise in response to law enforcement requests (including requests from authorities outside your country of residence).
In the event that is acquired by or merged into another company, or if undergoes any reorganization, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of its business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings), all information collected will be transferred to the acquiring company as one of FLIR's assets and will be governed by the acquiring company's privacy policy, if any.
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your Personal Information is correct and current. You may review and update the Personal Information you have provided to us at any time, by logging into your personal account, and may change your marketing preferences.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.  There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.
collects information from all users of the Site, except as described below.  What information collects and how we use it, depends upon your activity on the Site.
and its service providers collects non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to the Site, such as address, browser type, and the date and time a user accessed the Site. We use this information for system administration purposes in order to enhance the operation of the Site and make it more useful to visitors. 
We use cookies to deliver content that is specific to your interests, to streamline the login process, and to collect anonymous user traffic data. The cookies make your use of the Site and Cloud Services easier, may allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the Site and Cloud Services run more smoothly, and help us to maintain the security of the Site and Cloud Services.  We also use cookies to understand how the Site and Cloud Services are used so that can improve the Site and Cloud Services and resolve questions about them.
If you choose to not have your browser or device accept cookies from the Site and Cloud Services, you will be able to view the text on the screens, however you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to the service offerings on the Site. Your Shopping Cart will also not remember items added but not checked out. 
We may use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Site and Cloud Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Site and Cloud Services and response rates.
We use the Google AdWords remarketing service on some Sites to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to those Sites. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our Sites, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to the website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.  You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
We may use and disclose information that does not personally identify you for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  In some instances, we may combine such information with Personal Information.  If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
also collects Personal Information from users of the Site as described further above.
We offer Cloud Services on an optional basis for purchasers of many different products and services.  The terms for some Cloud Services are available when you first log into the services, and review and accept the terms of use contained in the log in process for those Cloud Services. The terms for other Cloud Services are set forth below.
Xtend™ and Instruments™ cameras.  This paragraph applies to the Cloud Services offered on an optional basis for purchasers of Instruments cameras or other devices.   If you want to subscribe to the Cloud Services you need to provide us with some basic information, including Personal Information, when you register on the Site for Xtend.  Once you subscribe, you can connect your Extend camera or other devices to the Cloud Services via the web, iand Android mobile devices, and take advantage of camera connectivity features and limited cloud storage with no recurring fees. 
For the Xtend and Instruments Cloud Services described above, the recordings you want to make when using cameras will (according to the options you choose when you register) be uploaded into cloud servers that are currently located in the US, and which may be located in other central locations to better enhance the provision of the Cloud Services. Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) is FLIR’s Cloud Services hosting provider for these cameras and applications.  More information on hosting services and the privacy policy are available in the section entitled “Personal Information Sharing” above.  The recordings you upload to these Cloud Services will neither be used by us nor by our hosting provider[s] for any other purpose than providing the Cloud Services to you under your control, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.  Once you have deleted your camera data from your account, the data will no longer be available to you.
Essential cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms.
Analytical cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Marketing cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests.
Used by google to see what time you saw an advertisement
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimize response times.
storage identifier that we use to maintain chat state across pages (e.g. message history)
The main cookie for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, utk (see below), initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimizer, by based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie ensures a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behavior to measure the performance of different page versions.
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as what pages have been loaded. The registered data is used for targeted ads.
Cameleon is a central software platform for transportation monitoring and management that allows for the control of ITS-specific devices, including cameras, signs, detector stations, gates, signal heads and incident detection. Cameleon includes a complete video management solution native to the application.
is an intelligent software platform for use with a video detection system. collects traffic data, events, alarms and video images generated by the video detectors, sensors and cameras. also offers video management capacity and can control network video recorders, video walls, mobile and fixed cameras.
System['import']('app');®
Latitude is a reliable, enterprise-level software solution for video surveillance supporting an unlimited number of cameras over networks. Latitude features enhanced cyber security, edge device integration, and global administration. Users will experience a simplified discovery process and analytics setup of FC-Series thermal cameras. Automated tracking is also available with thermal and cameras.
The Horizon delivers best-in-class performance, stability and unique price positioning for video installations of up to 180 cameras. Horizon offers high-performance video surveillance for securing small-to-medium sized businesses with independent or multiple sites. Feature-rich, highly scalable and third party-compliant with an open standard, Horizon offers unsurpassed value for such installations as retail stores, offices, small to mid-size manufacturing facilities, warehouses, and educational institutions.
Meridian is a compact, all-in-one network video recorder (NVR) that is a convenient plug-and-play video surveillance system perfect for small security installations with 8, 16, or 24 cameras. This out-of-the box system features United Client web interface and other viewing capabilities that will save the cost of additional workstations.
TruWITNESS® is a revolutionary platform that combines smart mobile sensors and Iocapabilities with the power of the Cloud. Utilizing real-time video, audio and location data display on United VMS, Truallows video security operations to reach a new level of situational awareness, providing powerful tools for responding to complex threats as they occur. 
System['import']('app');®
For additional information on product documentation, support, warranties and return processes, please visit: 
System['import']('app');