At Ford, we go further to make our cars better, our employees happier and our planet a better place to be. Learn more about the work that makes a company that we’re proud to be a part of.
People working together as a lean, enterprise to make people’s lives better through automotive and mobility leadership.
Strong Business
Better World
Great vehicles are great for drivers everywhere, and that’s the foundation of our business’s strength. To meet demand, is in the midst of its most ambitious manufacturing expansion in 50 years. We’re increasing capacity in the United States and adding plants around the world.
We’re growing without sacrificing profits. In the past year, we’ve continued to fund our employee pension plans worldwide, delivered record profit-sharing contributions to our hourly employees and doubled our shareholder dividend.
Better World
Our work doesn’t stop with our products and our bottom line. An integral part of the team’s is ‘people serving people.’ That’s why our brand promise is called Go Further – we go further so you can.
We’re helping to solve challenges linked to economic development, energy security and environmental sustainability. In 2013, for example, globally reduced the amount of water it used to produce each vehicle by 30 percent compared to a 2009 baseline, reaching its goal two years ahead of schedule. Plans are under way to set new long-term goals.
Community service is an important part of Ford’s heritage and always has been. The Volunteer Corps celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2015. Motor Company Fund and Community Services has donated more than $1.5 billion in its 65-year history.
Within our Sustainability report, our Blueprint for Mobility envisions the future of transportation, in which vehicles communicate with each other and the world around them to make driving safer, easier and more efficient. Our Blueprint for Sustainability goes beyond improved fuel economy and reduced CO2 emissions to define sustainability as a business model that creates value by preserving and enhancing environmental, social and financial capital.
Over a Century of Innovation
Since its founding in 1903, has been a pioneer in industry. Learn more about important moments in the history of the company, and how some of them have affected the history of the automotive industry and the world.
2017 Motor Company Fund Annual Report
Fund is working to improve people’s lives, advance social mobility and provide access to basic needs, such as food, shelter and clean water. We are moving beyond traditional grant making to create transformational programs that are sustainable and scalable, and replicating our proven models around the world to help people lift their economic status and quality of life. Learn more about the innovative ways Fund is connecting communities to a more prosperous future.
As Motor Company continues to expand from an auto company to an auto and a mobility company, the company remains focused on building on its leadership in trucks, vans, commercial vehicles and performance vehicles, while growing its strength in utility vehicles.
2017/18 Sustainability Report
Building Our Community
We don’t just build cars at Ford. Our community is a fundamental part of who we are, so we’re working to support hunger relief, encourage safe driving habits, introduce education innovations and much more. See what is doing in your community.Our History
We've accomplished a lot in the last hundred years. Find out more about where we came from  and where we're headed.
Henry builds the Quadricycle.
Henry Ford's first vehicle rode on four bicycle wheels and was powered by a four-horsepower engine. Instead of a steering wheel, the Quadricycle had a tiller. The gearbox had only two forward gears with no reverse.
Henry joins a group that founds the Detroit Automobile Company.
leaves company within one year.
designed the 26-horsepower Sweepstakes and defeated Alexander Winton's 70-horsepower Bullet in 10 laps around the one-mile oval of the Detroit Driving Club. The victory lead to Henry Ford's second short-lived attempt at auto manufacture, the Henry Company.
The Motor Company is incorporated.
With 12 investors and 1,000 shares, the company had spent almost all of its $28,000 cash investment by the time it sold the first Model on July 23, 1903. But by October 1, 1903 Motor Company had turned a profit of $37,000.
Motor Company of Canada is founded.
Ford’s first international plant was built in Walkerville (now Windsor), Ontario, right across the Detroit River from Ford’s existing facilities. The company was a separate organization with its own set of shareholders. It was created to sell vehicles not just in Canada, but also all across the then-current British Empire.
introduces the scripted typeface of its trademark.
Childe Harold Wills designed the logo. He used his grandfather’s stencil set, which was based on the style of writing taught in schools when and Wills were children. However, the oval would not be featured on a car until the 1927 Model A.
Introduces the Model T.
Henry Ford’s Model put the world on wheels with a simple, affordable, durable automobile. sold 15 million Model Ts before ceasing production in May 1927, making it one of the best-selling vehicles of all time, and arguably the most famous car in the world. In 1908, there were only about 18,000 miles of paved roads in the To deal with the primitive roads, used light and strong vanadium steel alloy for critical parts.  At the time, most of the automobiles in existence were luxurious novelties rather than affordable transport. But to appeal to the mass market, Ford’s vehicle also had to be reliable and easy to maintain. Fortunately for millions of new drivers, it was.
introduces the integrated moving assembly line to auto production.
Ford's innovation eventually reduced the Model T's chassis assembly line from 12.5 to 1.5 hours, and in doing so precipitated a revolution in manufacturing. The accelerating speed with which could produce cars helped him continue to lower the price of the Model T.
institutes the famous "$5 Day".
In 1914, $5 per day was double the existing pay rate for factory workers, and on top of that, reduced the workday from nine to eight hours. The day after the “$5 Day” was announced, an estimated 10,000 people lined up outside Ford’s employment office hoping to be hired. Ford’s increased pay greatly improved employee retention since the monotonous and strenuous work of the moving assembly line was causing high turnover.  The increased wage had the added effect of allowing many of Ford’s employees to purchase the cars they produced, and the eight hour workday allowed to run 3 shifts a day instead of 2. The increased pay, increased leisure time, and even increased the personal mobility of car ownership were all critical factors in the creation of an American middle class.
begins construction of the River Rouge Complex.
It would become the largest integrated factory in the world by the following decade. Throughout its history, the self-contained Rouge Complex has contained a wide array of industries necessary to produce cars, including steel mills, a tire factory, a glass factory, a power plant and a reception depot for coal, iron ore, rubber and lumber. In the 1930s the complex employed over 100,000 workers. Today the River Rouge Complex continues to evolve to meet the needs of modern manufacturing processes.
Motor Company produces its first ever truck.
The Model was a truck based on the Model car, but with a reinforced chassis and rear axle. This early pickup was rated at one ton.
Ford’s River Rouge Complex begins manufacturing antisubmarine patrol boats.
These 42 Eagle-class boats were the first product manufactured at the Rouge. In its efforts to aid the Allies in WWI, also produced more than 38,000 Model cars, ambulances, and trucks, 7,000 Fordson tractors, two types of armored tanks, and 4,000 Liberty airplane engines for the Allies. Afterward, hired disabled veterans returning from the war, making the automaker one of the first companies to hire people with disabilities and to adapt work environments to their specific needs.
Edsel succeeds Henry as president of the company.
On the same day, Henry put a plan in place to buy out his investors and make himself, Clara Ford, and Edsel the sole owners of the business. Edsel’s interest in aesthetic automotive design brought a new dimension to Motor Company, pushing the company to begin producing cars that were beautiful as well as practical.   Edsel was also an extremely important art benefactor in Detroit, and one of the best-known paintings he commissioned was Diego Rivera’s Detroit Industry mural. His aesthetic legacy lives on in the original Lincoln Continental.
acquires the Lincoln Motor Company.
purchased Lincoln from Henry Leland, his former business associate from the Detroit Automobile Company. Since then, Lincoln has produced many luxury cars of historical and aesthetic note, including the 1931-1939 K-Series, 1936 Zephyr, Edsel Ford’s original Continental, the ensuing first-generation Lincoln Continental and the classic 1956-1957 Continental Mk. II.
begins production of Tri-Motor airplanes.
Ford’s plane was nicknamed the “Tin Goose,” a reference to the Model T’s nickname as the “Tin Lizzie.” The Tin Goose was one of the first airplanes used by America’s early commercial airlines.  Combined with Ford’s reputation, application of assembly-line techniques and investment in Airlines, the plane helped spur the creation of the commercial airline industry. And to further accelerate the industry’s development, offered the plane’s 35 patents free of royalties, including his patent for the navigational radio beam.
begins selling the 1928 Model A.
While the Model dominated the auto industry from 1908 to the early 1920s, by the middle of the decade there was fierce competition from other automakers. After the 15 millionth Model drove off the assembly line on May 26, 1927, closed plants all over the world to spend six months retooling factories and perfecting the design of a new car.  called the new car the Model A, commemorating Motor Company’s first car, the 1903 Model The car was the first vehicle to sport the iconic Blue Oval logo, and it included innovative features like a Safety Glass windshield. By 1931 had sold over five million Model As despite the difficulties of the Great Depression.
introduces the flathead V8 engine.
As with the new Model A, Henry shut down all other production operations to work on this innovative project. At great effort and expense, the company engineered a way to cast the first commercially successful V8 engine. The flathead was a hit. It was affordable, versatile, and introduced just as the American market was becoming fascinated with ever-more powerful engines. It remained in production for over 22 years. To this day the flathead remains extremely popular with hot rodders.
begins selling the Lincoln Zephyr line.
Much like the Mercury brand, Lincoln-Zephyr was designed to sell at a price point between the V8 De Luxe and the high-end luxury cars offered by Lincoln. Lincoln-Zephyr’s sleek, aerodynamic shapes helped make the brand a sales success, but when auto production ceased during WWII, the Zephyr name was dropped as well.
unveils the medium-priced Mercury brand.
Edsel created Mercury cars to bridge the gap between affordable Fords and luxurious Lincoln cars. The first Mercury was the 1939 Mercury 8, which had a V8 engine and a stylish body characteristic of Edsel Ford's design sense.
The vehicles were nicknamed for their "GP," or general-purpose designation.
signs its first contract with the UAW-CIO.
After years of struggle between management and labor at Detroit's major automakers, signed a contract guaranteeing better pay, benefits and working conditions for employees.
halts civilian auto production in the United States to produce military equipment.
Through its manufacturing expertise, facilities built a staggering number of automobiles, planes, tanks, aircraft engines and other materiel for the war effort. By the end of WWII, had produced more than 8,000 B-24 Liberator bombers. Charles Lindbergh, the famous trans-Atlantic pilot, worked as an advisor for the construction of bombers at Ford’s Willow Run plant.  In 1944, Rose Will Monroe was working at Willow Run as a rivet gun operator when she was chosen to appear in a promotional film for war bonds. Rose became the personification of the fictional “Rosie the Riveter” character as depicted in the iconic “We Can Do It!” posters.
Edsel was the only child of Henry and Clara Ford. After his death, Henry returned to his former position as president of Motor Company. Today, Edsel's legacy lives on in his contributions to the design of Lincoln cars and his generous backing of art in Detroit.
Henry becomes president of Motor Company.
The son of Edsel and the grandson of Henry Ford, Henry II, served as president from 1945 to 1960 and as chairman and from 1960 to 1979. When Henry took over, the company and its bookkeeping practices were in disarray. With the help of ten former Army Air Force officers nicknamed the “Whiz Kids,” Henry transformed the organization into a disciplined company with modern management systems – prepared for the challenges of the post-war world.
introduces the F-Series line of trucks.
With its first postwar truck design, ceased building trucks on car platforms and used a purpose-built truck platform instead. The truck was available in eight sizes and weight ratings, from the ½ ton capacity F-1 to the three-ton capacity F-8. In 1953, replaced the F-1 with the ½ ton F-100, along with the F-250 ¾ ton trucks and the F-350 one-ton trucks. In 1984, the F-100 was replaced by the F-150 line of trucks. Since 1982, F-series has been the best-selling vehicle in the U.S.
introduces the 1949 Ford.
The 1949 was the first all-new American car design to come out of Detroit after With its wind tunnel-tested aerodynamic shape, integrated pontoon fenders, airplane-inspired spinner grille and an updated V8, the new car was as radical a change as the 1928 Model A.
introduces the Thunderbird.
The T-Bird emphasized comfort and convenience over sportiness. With its performance, design and distinctive porthole windows, the car would become a classic.
begins crash testing its vehicles.
In the 60 years since then, has performed more than 31,000 crash tests around the world. In recent years has also used virtual crash testing to maximize the quantity and availability of crash data. In tandem with physical testing, the crash simulations help gather more data than ever before.
becomes a publicly traded company.
At the time, Ford's initial public offering (IPO) of common stock shares was the largest in history.
The Continental Division of the Motor Company introduces the Continental Mk II.
Under Henry Ford's grandson, William Clay Ford, the 1956 Mk. was a revival of the 1941 Continental that grew out of a custom car designed for Edsel Ford's private use. Edsel and designer Gregorie named these stylish and elegant cars for the inspiration they drew from the "continental" cars they saw in Europe.
Introduced as a recession was beginning in the United States, the Edsel was simply the wrong car for the wrong time. However, the car's highly unique styling makes it a valuable collector's car to this day.
Credit is founded.
The full name of Ford's financial services arm is Motor Credit Company LLC, and today the company offers loans and leases to car buyers, in addition to loans and lines of credit for and other dealerships.
The Mustang goes on sale.
The Mustang came to define the pony car class with its combination of a long hood, short deck, affordable price and customization options. The Mustang was a huge success, and today it remains one of the fastest-selling vehicles in history. With its role in movies like Bullitt and songs like "Mustang Sally," the car quickly became a cultural icon as well.
Ford-Philco engineers unveil the Mission Control Center used to put a man on the moon.
owned Philco from 1961 to 1974, during which the company produced consumer electronics, computer systems, and military projects. In addition to designing, building, equipping and staffing Mission Control, Ford’s Philco electronics subsidiary performed support work for NASA’s Apollo and Gemini space programs thanks to Philco’s capabilities in transistors, solid-state devices, and microelectronics. Later, Aerospace and Communications Corporation evolved out of Philco. In 1976 the company built seven satellites for the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization. These satellites are still used today to send television transmissions and telephone calls between continents.
Germany and collaborate to release the Transit in Europe.
Three GT40 Mk. IIs sweep the podium at the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
broke Ferrari's six-year winning streak at Le Mans to become the first American manufacturer to ever win the race. 1966 was the first of four consecutive victories for Ford, which won the 1966, 1967, 1968 and 1969 24 Hours of Le Mans with various generations of the GT40.
of Europe introduces the Fiesta.
The subcompact hatchback became the company’s first internationally successful front-wheel drive model. At $870 million, its development budget was also the largest in Ford’s history. Moreover, built a massive plant in Almusafes, Spain, near Valencia, to manufacture the car. The investments paid off, and the Fiesta broke the one-year sales record of the 1965 Mustang. From 1978 to 1981, also sold the European Fiesta in North America. However, it wasn’t until 2009 that would begin selling the Fiesta in the  again.
introduces the downsized Panther platform.
The smaller platform debuted in response to rising oil prices and new fuel economy regulations.
Caldwell was the first non Ford-family member to become chairman and of Ford.
begins selling the fifth-generation Escort world car.
When the Escort was first sold in North America, the car was designed to share components with the European Escort. As such, in its first year the North American car featured a badge with the name “Escort” superimposed over a globe instead of a blue oval. The car was one of Ford’s best-selling vehicles in the ‘80s.
revolutionizes automotive design with the Taurus.
The Taurus’ aerodynamic “jelly bean” body style broke tradition with the boxy sedan shapes of the time, helping the car become one of Ford’s most popular vehicles ever. The car was an important part of a worldwide shift in automotive design. Within Ford, the car represented a shift toward increased quality standards and front-wheel drive designs.
introduces the modular assembly line at its St. Louis assembly plant.
The modular assembly line made use of automated ancillary assembly lines to produce vehicle sub-assemblies. The sub-assemblies were then added into the main assembly line. The trial run at St. Louis was a success, and today most plants use modular assembly lines.
introduces the Explorer.
In doing so, helped launch the domestic market. As SUVs became popular substitutes for family sedans, station wagons and vans, the Explorer became one of Ford’s most successful vehicles. The Explorer was a more comfortable and better-handling replacement for the Bronco, which was discontinued in 1996.
introduces the Mondeo as its new sedan.
Though it was first introduced in Europe, the Mondeo was sold as the Contour and Mercury Mystique in the United States until 2000. Today the Mondeo is known as the Fusion in the United States.
produces the Ranger Electric Vehicle.
With lead acid batteries, regenerative braking, and a 700 lb. payload rating, the Ranger was a forerunner to today’s electric vehicles and hybrid energy systems.
The introduction of the Lincoln Navigator spurs rapid growth in the luxury segment.
Ford's board of directors names Bill to replace Jacques Nasser as CEO.
The change helped the company return its focus to its core operations -- building cars -- and it realigned the company's values to emphasize its employees and the quality of its products.
celebrates its 100th anniversary.
To commemorate the centennial of the company that put the world on wheels, offered limited production centennial editions of five of the vehicles in its lineup at the time. Like the early Model T, the vehicles were offered in “any color so long as it is black.”
introduces the as its premium sports car.
The mid-engine, 550 horsepower was inspired by the legendary GT40 race cars that dominated the 24 Hours of Le Mans from 1966 to 1969.
Alan Mullaly becomes Ford's President and CEO.
Under Mullaly, didn’t just weather the financial crisis of 2008 as the only American auto manufacturer to avoid receiving a government bailout loan. Instead of waiting out the crisis, continued to aggressively invest in product development so that when the economy recovered products would be some of the best vehicles on the market. key part of Mullaly’s leadership was the One plan. One envisioned every person in every part of the enterprise as part of a single team united by a common culture and a shared goal to deliver outstanding products.
begins offering in vehicles sold as 2008 models.
Created from a partnership between and Microsoft, offers a hands-free, voice-activated connectivity system with mobile phone integration, navigation and voice-activated access to entertainment. has continuously updated since its introduction in order to help drivers keep their hands on the wheel and their eyes on the road while remaining connected to their technology.
begins offering its turbocharged EcoBoost line of engines.
Delivering better fuel economy and more power than a naturally aspirated engine of the same size, Ford’s EcoBoost engines quickly became a popular choice in the and abroad.
discontinues the Mercury line to concentrate all its efforts on the and Lincoln brands.
introduces the 13th generation, 2015 F-150.
In a radical break with industry conventions, the new design uses an all-aluminum body to cut as much as 750 pounds from the truck’s weight. The technology necessary to create the new truck resulted in over 100 new patents approved or pending for Ford.
The Mustang celebrates its 50th anniversary.
For 2015, the all-new sixth generation of the iconic pony car includes an independent rear suspension and a selection of high-output engines.
Mark Fields succeeds Alan Mulally as Ford's president and CEO.
Fields is committed to building momentum around the One plan through product excellence and instilling a spirit of innovation throughout the company.
Smart Mobility, is Created.
With a focus on changing the way the world moves, Smart Mobility takes the company to the next level in connectivity, mobility, autonomous vehicles, the customer experience, and data and analytics. This includes the launch of the more intuitive Sync 3 System on and Lincoln vehicles, more than 30 mobility experiments, testing of autonomous vehicles in the snow – a first for the industry, and the introduction of FordPass for members and non-members alike.
celebrates 50-year anniversary of 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Chip Ganassi Racing enters four GTs numbered 66, 67, 68 and 69 to honor the historic four consecutive victories that began 50 years prior.
Jim Hackett becomes CEO
Jim Hackett is President and Chief Executive Officer, Motor Company, effective May 22, 2017. He also is a member of the company’s Board of Directors.
Acquires Corktown Campus
Michigan Central Station, shuttered 30 years ago, will be redeveloped over the next three to four years into a magnet for high-tech talent and a regional destination with modern work spaces, retail, restaurants, residential living and more.
Celebrates Production of 10 Millionth Mustang
is celebrating the production of its 10 millionth Mustang – America’s best-selling sports car of the last 50 years and the world’s best-selling sports car three years straight.
We're here to help. Feel free to contact us with questions, comments, and ideas.
Your Vehicle
If you live outside the or Canada, please visit Sites to find your local contact information.
Motor Company
Customer Relationship Center 
If you live outside the or Canada, please visit  Sites  to find your local contact information. 
Current and former employees only, call the following number:  +1-800-367-5690
For shareholder services, shareholders with shares in a brokerage account should contact their brokers.
Registered shareholders should contact our shareholder services and transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, (formerly EquiServe) for all account-related matters. To enroll with Computershare and get information about purchasing stock, use one of the following contact methods: 
College Station, 77845
Automated Voice Response System 
If you have a touch-tone telephone, you can use our automated voice response system to obtain information about your account balance or reportable income, or to request that we sell your dividend reinvestment shares. Additionally, you may request dividend reinvestment enrollment information, a replacement for a lost dividend check or form 1099DIV, or a duplicate dividend reinvestment statement. To use our automated voice response system, you will need to provide your account number and Social Security number. You also have the option to establish a Personal Identification number for your shareholder accounts. Computershare’s automated voice response system is available 24 hours daily, 7 days a week.
If you are an investor or shareholder, please contact us directly via any of the following methods:
Regular Mail & Overnight Courier
College Station, 77845 
We want to hear from our site visitors and customers! Please use the form below to share your thoughts and questions about this website, Motor Company and our products.   Please review guidelines at the bottom of this form before submitting your inquiry.
If you have a vehicle sales or service issue, do not use this form.                         Go to the vehicle sales issue or vehicle service issue contact form instead. Please acknowledge you have read the above notice.
What is your vehicle sales or service issue? (1000 Character Limit)
Please describe your vehicle sales or service issue.
What action has your dealer taken to address the issue? (1000 Character Limit)
Please describe the action your dealer has taken to address the issue.
What assistance are you seeking from Motor Company? (500 Character Limit)
Please describe the assistance you are seeking from Motor Company.
Questions/Comments (2500 Character Limit)
Please enter your questions/comments.
Provide Your Vehicle Information
Please select whether you are the owner of the vehicle.
At the dealership
Provide Your Contact Information
Email address and confirmation do not match.
Current Make/Model/ Year of Vehicles
Enter Full Abstract/Summary of Idea
Briefly describe your new idea (300 character maximum.)
Describe your idea in detail. How does it work? What are the benefits?:(1000 Character Limit)
1. understand and agree to be bound to the following terms and conditions when submit my idea to Motor Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries (herein collectively referred to as "Ford").
3. am at least 18 years old.
4. am the owner of the idea am submitting to Ford.
5. The information am submitting to is true and correct.
7. am aware that under the law of the United States and most foreign countries, may be able to protect
my idea through application for patents, trademarks, copyrights or maintain my idea as a trade secret by protecting it from non-confidential disclosure.
8. am giving up all copyright and other intellectual property right claims (other than patent and trademark claims) may have against for copying, disclosing, evaluating or otherwise using my idea.
9. is under no obligation to use my idea or to hold it in confidence.
10. will not be compensated for ideas developed by independent of the idea submit to 11. am only including SUBMISSION
understand and agree to be bound to the above terms and conditions when submit my idea to Motor Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries (herein collectively referred to as "Ford"). signify my consent by typing my name in the box below. have read and understand the terms and conditions above.
Please type your name in the above box to accept. If the box doesn't contain your name, the idea will not be submitted and therefore not reviewed. For example: "Jane Jones"
Thank you for taking the time to write to Motor Company.                         All inquiries submitted are reviewed for use in improving our products and processes.                         We regret that we cannot guarantee a response to all inquiries.
Your information will only be used for this inquiry.                     For more information, please read our privacy policy .
By providing comments above, you agree that you will not include information that infringes on the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or any other legal or moral rights of any third party, or that contains contain viruses, worms, spyware, adware, or other potentially damaging programs or files. You agree that your comments will not constitute a notice or allegation of infringement or wrong doing of any kind by Ford, its suppliers, agents or affiliates, and you understand that this is not the appropriate venue to submit any proposals or ideas to Ford, and that does not compensate for proposals or ideas. Proposals should be submitted via www.Fordproposals.com , and is under no obligation to use any proposals or ideas or hold them in confidence.
Thank you for taking the time to write to Motor Company. All inquiries submitted are reviewed for use in improving our products and processes. We regret that we cannot guarantee a response to all inquiries.
Your information will only be used for this inquiry. For more information, please read our privacy policy .
By providing comments above, you agree that you will not include information that infringes on the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights, privacy rights, or any other legal or moral rights of any third party, or that contains contain viruses, worms, spyware, adware, or other potentially damaging programs or files. You agree that your comments will not constitute a notice or allegation of infringement or wrong doing of any kind by Ford, its suppliers, agents or affiliates, and you understand that this is not the appropriate venue to submit any business or charitable proposals to Ford, and that does not compensate for proposals or ideas. Proposals should be submitted via www.Fordproposals.com , and is under no obligation to use any proposals or ideas or hold them in confidence.
Your questions or comments have been submitted to Motor Company.             If your e-mail system uses spam filtering, please make sure that your             settings allow return e-mail from "@ford.com" addresses so that any             responses to your submission from Motor Company will make it             back to your inbox.
Please try a search above, visit our homepage, or explore the site map             to find additional information about Motor Company.
CloseSearch
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Learn more about the new ideas driving the people, technologies, and communities that are important to Ford. To learn more about our Engineering Ideas & Invention Submission Process, 
Ford's New Generation Electric Vehicles
The Stakes Are High: Inside the Team Developing Ford’s New Generation of Electric Vehicles
Human Machine Interaction
As the world turns toward digital technology, and the F-150 are once again leading the way.
Battery Research Powers Up
research and development initiative to accelerate light, durable battery technology.
Using a specially equipped Endeavor, and its partners are reimagining rural healthcare one village at a time.
100 Years of the Moving Assembly Line
Henry Ford’s Highland Park plant launched the world’s first moving assembly line and overhauled the manufacturing industry.
Driving Innovation in Silicon Valley
An advanced team of researchers is using the disruptive thinking of Silicon Valley to explore the future of mobility.
The Vehicle Harmony group ensures that important vehicle chimes break through the clutter and get noticed.
It Came from Outer space
On the International Space Station, every communication is mission critical. 
The F-150 has been the best-selling vehicle in the United States for the last 32 years. Now, we’ve raised the bar again.
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Copyright © 2019, Motor Company. All rights reserved. All text, images, graphics, animation, videos, music, sounds, and other materials on this website ("site") are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Motor Company, its affiliated companies, and its licensors. Motor Company owns the copyrights in the selection, coordination, and arrangement of the materials on this site.
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Get to know the people at Motor Company.
Get to Know Us
Product Development/Research Engineer
At just 24 years old, Victoria has already filed 27 patents while researching mobility and connectivity for Ford.
Powertrain Manufacturing College Graduate
Through the program, Molli is proud to have earned the opportunity to work on an engine for the 2017 model year. 
Amit Mohanty
Team Leader in Connectivity Analytics
Amit Mohanty combines insight and behavior to help drive innovation
Jennyfer not only loves to build cars but also loves to help make the world a better place.
Ubaldo ensures national and standards of efficiency are met.
Resident Ensuring Supplier Quality
Neil’s work on the business of automatic transmission production has been a window into other cultures and personalities.
Environmental Compliance Engineer
Krissy’s helping look toward an eco-conscious future through a variety of projects and nonprofit work.
Jennifer Atanasovski
Communication Design: Storyteller & Curator
Jennifer leverages her creative skill set to help shape the future of Ford.
Levasseur Tellis
Technical Specialist in Functional Safety
Levasseur believes that vehicles can earn customer trust when they deliver personal mobility, freedom and safety.
Business Development Manager
Shelby jumps at any opportunity to innovate how things are done at Ford.
Anthony Cooprider
Senior Technical Leader for Electronic Systems
Dr. Cooprider turned his love of electronics into a successful career of innovation at Ford.
Sarra Yako
Research Engineer
In her first three months at Ford, Sarra earned the Motor Recognition Award.
Cary made the 2015 F-150 ergonomic for everyone from contractors, to first responders to families.
Senior Paralegal
Erin is used to going above and beyond as a paralegal at and in the Navy.
To launch Ford’s new products, Jeff speaks to the real people behind the numbers.
Alessandra Carreon
Sustainability Business Analyst
Alessandra’s work on Ford’s supply chain goes further than Conflict Minerals Law compliance.
Senior Interior Designer
With his interior designs, Anthony seeks to connect with customers by telling stories though every object inside the car.
Driver Assistance Electronics Supervisor
For Jennifer, it’s all about using technology to make small changes that add up to a better day-to-day driving experience.
Fusion & Escape Brand and Product Marketing Teams
Across media, Crystal is shaping the conversation about and maintaining the brand’s place in popular culture.
Model-Based Design Engineer
Ashley’s simulations are putting on the fast track to self-driving vehicle technology.
As an engineering supervisor at and a deployed Navy Reserve Force intelligence supervisor, Todd has two serious careers.
Shounak Athavole
Shounak is working toward a future where cars communicate with each other to reduce congestion and create cleaner cities.
Heather has enjoyed working on cars for as long as she can remember, and she feels lucky to have a job doing what she loves.
Car and Crossover Group Marketing Manager
Amy’s work has grown Ford’s car and small utility business to over one million units a year.
Vice President, North American Manufacturing
John knows that veterans’ training and discipline can be a huge asset at Ford.
Matt Todd
Powertrain Engineer
At work and in his own garage, Matt is building some of the fastest Fords ever.
Application Management Specialist
Linda Pond is riding a wave of change to find new ways to run and secure Ford’s business.
Director of Vehicle Electrification & Infrastructure
Mike and his team are driving Ford’s lineup toward a cleaner, more sustainable future.
Purchasing Manager
Angela’s expertise in engineering and purchasing has made her an international leader at Ford.
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Ford's New Generation Electric Vehicles
The Stakes Are High: Inside the Team Developing Ford’s New Generation of Electric Vehicles
Our Mustang GT’s Growl now features Purr Mode
unveils a “good neighbor mode” to quiet the roar of the 2018 Mustang GT.
Truck That’s Built to Soar
Mighty Air Force fighter jet inspires a one-of-a-kind F-22 F-150 Raptor to help young people discover the world of flight.
Your Relationship with Your Car May Soon Be a Two-Way Street
looks toward a future where automobiles are as much your companion as they are transportation.
From Motown to Mandarin
China hosts Detroit Symphony Orchestra for historic Asia tour to promote cross-cultural ties and raise money for children.
Honoring Students Poised to Be Tomorrow’s Leaders 
The Motor Company Fund awarded more than 140 Detroit-area seniors at 9th annual Blue Oval Scholarship program.
New York City “Transit Deserts” Get New Mobility
launches its Chariot crowd-sourcing shuttle service to reach underserved areas in the Big Apple.
From Supercar to Future Cars
Building the to Test for Tomorrow's Vehicles.
The latest Trend Report lays the groundwork for how we will move into the future.
Investing in Jobs and Innovation at Home
We’re investing $350 million in our Livonia Transmission Plant to expand our lineup of fuel-efficient powertrains and create jobs.
New President and Jim Hackett
"Extraordinary times call for extraordinary leadership."
Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg visits as part of his "Year of Travel Challenge."
Helping Babies Fall Asleep Without Circling the Block 
develops a bassinet that simulates car rides to help babies go to sleep.
2017 World's Most Ethical Companies
Corporate responsibility puts among World's Most Ethical Companies for eight straight years. 
Ford’s commitment to the future of sustainability is a key part of our DNA.
The City of Tomorrow
begins to explore new opportunities, solutions and experiments that could shape the City of Tomorrow.
One Step Ahead of Pedestrians
Ford’s Pre-Collision Assist helps predict distracted ‘petextrian” movement
will have a fully autonomous vehicle in operation by 2021
Driving Data for Health Care in The Gambia
teams with Riders for Health to provide smarter and more efficient medical services.
Finding Sustainability in Surprising Places
teams up with Jose Cuervo
 to make sustainable materials from tequila byproduct.
Thirsty? Try On-The-Go H2O
engineers turn condensation into clean, drinkable water.
Autonomous Vehicle to Arrive in 2021
targets fully autonomous vehicle for ride sharing in 2021; invests in new tech companies, doubles Silicon Valley team. 
Girls Don’t Just Want to Have Fun, They Want to Change the World
joins Girls Who Code to champion its mission to provide opportunities for young women who want to pursue the fields.
Helping Those Who Want to Help Others
Ford's Thirty Under 30 taps into the growing interest of employees who want to be involved in their communities.
Transforming Our Campus to Transform the Future
We’re overhauling our headquarters to push innovation and mobility and create a great place to work.
Suit Up For Safety
Ford’s new Drugged Driving Suit teaches young people the dangers of driving under the influence of drugs.
Reducing the effects of potholes through innovative technology.
The Action Team has officially kicked off its 2016 fundraising campaign. 
The Mean Streets Have Met Their Match
The Police Interceptor: Our most advanced customer-centric, purpose-built vehicle.
Rosie the Riveter goes to Washington
celebrated Women’s History Month by honoring the women who paved the way for future generations.
Announces Dearborn Campus Transformation
transforming Dearborn campus to further drive innovation, collaboration and invest in employees. 
Extends Commitment to African American Community
Fund launched a national initiative around Men of Courage–a program that honors the accomplishments of African American men.
Human Machine Interaction
As the world turns toward digital technology, and the F-150 are once again leading the way.
Battery Research Powers Up
research and development initiative to accelerate light, durable battery technology.
The Vehicle Harmony group ensures that important vehicle chimes break through the clutter and get noticed.
Driving Innovation in Silicon Valley
An advanced team of researchers is using the disruptive thinking of Silicon Valley to explore the future of mobility.
Ask the Gecko
researchers are going back to nature to create the next generation of sustainable materials.
Mobility Gears Up in Africa
From growing cities to remote villages, new mobility projects are changing the way Africa moves.
Get Your Game On
calls on gamers to develop innovative solutions to mobility challenges in growing cities.
and Shoah Foundation Inspire Future Generations
Motor Company Fund teams with Shoah Foundation to expand the IWitness multimedia program in the Detroit area.
Bill Better World Challenge
announced two new initiatives that strengthens its leadership in community service and inspires tomorrow's leaders.   
Bill Better World Challenge
Mobile Farm will provide food, two projects will improve health and sanitation conditions.
Social Mobility Centers Assist Hurricane Recovery in Puerto Rico
support includes vehicles, supplies and services.
Resource and Engagement Centers Strengthen Communities
Residents gain improved access to essential needs and services.
Driving Skills for Life for Her launches in Saudi Arabia to help women acquiring first driver’s license.
Fund Innovative Education Programs
Motor Company Fund helps kick off the new school year with more than $1.7 million in education grants and scholarships.
At Ford’s Silicon Valley research center, the Info Cycle project aims to help bicyclists and motorists safely share the road.
Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Men
With great engineering power comes great responsibility – keeping fuel lines free of eight-legged invaders.
Turning to Turbines
new eco-friendly technology is rolling out to dealerships, but this time it’s not in vehicles themselves.
It Came from Outer space
On the International Space Station, every communication is mission critical. 
Driving the Future of Mobility 
Ford-backed Techstars Mobility, driven by Detroit, announces 10 startups receiving funding and support.
Carbon Fiber Collaboration
collaborates with DowAksa to advance research on high-volume manufacturing of affordable carbon fiber auto parts. 
Pre-Collision Assist with Pedestrian Detection
Ford’s new system can reduce the severity of or even eliminate some frontal collisions involving vehicles and pedestrians.
Innovating Faster with Performance
With its commitment to innovation through performance, the Performance team is rapidly delivering the fastest Fords ever.
Everyday Heroes at See how employees and dealers are going further to make a positive impact in their communities.
Ford’s Smart Mobility plan is using experiments and challenges to help develop new transportation solutions around the world.
Supports Sustainability with College Community Challenge Grants 
Motor Company Fund awarded $280,000 in grants for student-led projects focused on “Building Sustainable Communities.”
2015 Salute to Dealers Winners
recognizes dealer partners who have provided outstanding products and services while improving their communities.
and Detroit Symphony Bring Chamber Music to Detroit Neighborhoods
Motor Company and Detroit Symphony Orchestra are bringing live orchestral music into the neighborhoods of Detroit. 
Dealers Give Tens of Millions to Nonprofits Annually
recent survey reveals the donations and volunteer hours contributed by and Lincoln dealers.
Employee Volunteers Embrace Community Needs
During the 2014 Week of Caring, more than 13,000 volunteers worked on more than 310 projects in 26 countries.
Motor Company Fund is Driving Dreams with Educational Opportunities
The Driving Dreams Tour provides students with resources to motivate them to complete high school and move on to college.
Volunteer Corps Delivers Food to Hungry Residents
Accelerated Action Day is one of many ways that supports community hunger relief efforts.
Driving Skills for Life
Driving Skills for Life goes beyond standard driver education to help new drivers stay safe on the road.
Every year, the Volunteer Corps performs more than 112,000 hours of work on community service projects around the world.
William Clay Ford, Jr., Executive Chairman
Bill Ford, Jr. is committed to helping deliver shareholder value and a positive economic, environmental and social impact.
100 Years of the Moving Assembly Line
Henry Ford’s Highland Park plant launched the world’s first moving assembly line and overhauled the manufacturing industry.
The F-150 has been the best-selling vehicle in the United States for the last 32 years. Now, we’ve raised the bar again.
Building in the Automotive Sandbox
is using 3printing to revolutionize the automotive prototyping process — and the results are on the road.
Using a specially equipped Endeavor, and its partners are reimagining rural healthcare one village at a time.
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Motor Company Fund – the philanthropic arm of Motor Company – is committed to improving people’s lives by providing access to resources and opportunities that help all people reach their full potential.
Motor Company Fund and Community Services
Fund invests in transformational programs that advance innovation, empower people, promote social mobility and improve community prosperity. Fund works with local and partners to create opportunities in education, encourage safe driving, enlist employee volunteers and enrich community life around the world.
Apply for Funding
The Fund at Work
Every year, the Volunteer Corps performs more than 112,000 hours of work on community service projects around the world.
Driving Skills for Life
Driving Skills for Life goes beyond standard driver education to help new drivers stay safe on the road.
Driving Skills for Life
Stronger Communities, Better Lives
Social Mobility Centers Assist Hurricane Recovery in Puerto Rico
support includes vehicles, supplies and services.
Resource and Engagement Centers Strengthen Communities
Residents gain improved access to essential needs and services.
Bill Better World Challenge
Mobile Farm will provide food, two projects will improve health and sanitation conditions.
Driving Skills for Life for Her launches in Saudi Arabia to help women acquiring first driver’s license.
Connect with in the Community
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
Terms and ConditionsDiversity and Inclusion
Learn more about why diversity and inclusion is important to our company.
Diversity at Pay Equity
Diversity at Throughout the history of Motor Company, inclusion has been as much a part of the company's success as the great products our diverse employee base has created.
is a leader in diversity & inclusion, and both remain key business strategies. You’ll find diversity at every level of the company, from the boardroom to the design studio, from the plant floors to the engineering centers. Ford’s senior executive leadership team fully endorses this model and takes great pride in celebrating our workforce that reflects the society in which we live and work. Our diversity makes us a better company, a stronger company, by bringing in fresh ideas, perspectives, experiences and life responsibilities, and by fostering a truly collaborative workplace.
When we say that is a leader in diversity, this isn't just our opinion. We have received numerous awards in recent years from publications and organizations recognizing the value the company places on building a diverse and inclusive culture.  Read more about external recognition of Ford’s diversity achievements.
Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status. Motor Company also is committed to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment such persons. 
Our Vision & Strategic Areas of Focus
Our Diversity and Inclusion Vision is to have a diverse and inclusive environment that fosters skilled and motivated people working together to drive innovation and deliver results in support of our core business and emerging opportunities.
It encourages employees to:
- Maximize their professional and personal growth
- Recognize and respect the whole person
- Value the differences in employees' background, experience, knowledge and skills
- Maximize the benefits derived from a diverse workforce
To focus our activities on achieving our vision, we identified five Strategic Areas of Focus:
- Leading the Way
- Worklife Flexibility
To work inclusively across our enterprise, we embed our Strategic Areas of Focus into every part of our business.
Diversity at Work
It is important that we embed our Diversity & Inclusion strategies into every part of our company, to leverage our innovative workforce, compete in the marketplace, and to serve the community. Therefore, Diversity & Inclusion is a collaborative effort across our entire enterprise. Some of our cross-functional collaboration includes working with: Employee Resource Groups, Fund & Community Services, Minority Dealer Operations, Recruiting, Supplier Diversity, and Worklife Flexibility & Benefits Programs.
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs)
has demonstrated commitment to both diversity and inclusion by endorsing and leveraging the power of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). ERG’s are organizations of employees who share similar characteristics or life experiences, and desire to use those similarities to create cross-functional workplace connections, provide professional development and advance business imperatives. Ford’s ERG’s were started in the early 1990s and now include thousands of employees in a number of organizations throughout the world.  Ford’s senior leaders actively demonstrate visible commitment to diversity and inclusion by serving as key sponsors to our ERGs, which provide support, guidance and resources.  As a result, our ERGs have supported our company by helping the business to attract, develop and retain talent. They hold educational and cultural events and support many diversity-related efforts such as college campus recruiting. Participation is open to all employees.  Read more about each at .
Fund & Community Services leads our corporate citizen initiatives in the communities we serve by supporting not-for-profit organizations in three major areas: Education, Community Development, and Auto Safety. Since 1949, Fund & Community Services has provided more than $1 billion in investments with partners who help us drive a brighter future, and have placed a high priority on supporting organizations that promote diversity and inclusion. 
Specifics around the major areas include:
Fund provides more than $1 million in scholarships through organizations such as:
Community Development
Fund has a reach, helping environmental efforts, hunger relief activities, and recognition events for selfless champions of volunteerism. Additionally, Fund sponsors the Week of Caring where Employees participate in more than 300 projects across the globe and touch over 2 million lives in more than 30 countries.
The Driving Skills for Life program provides valuable hands on experience for new drivers. Since 2003, more than 500,000 high school students and new drivers around the world have participated and gained essential skills to avoid accidents.
Diversity and inclusiveness are part of Ford’s DNA, and growing a strong minority presence in our dealerships remains a key focus. At year-end 2013, had 164 minority-owned dealerships, which represents 5 percent of our 3,263 and Lincoln dealerships. At Ford, we continue to work with our Minority Dealers Association (MDA) to sustain and strengthen the current minority dealer portfolio with dedicated resources to increase profitability. Together we are directing efforts toward growing the minority ranks of dealership management and employment to better reflect the community and to facilitate a greater number of future Minority Dealer principals.
always explores new opportunities to seek top talent globally with innovative ideas to help us compete.  Whether a fresh graduate or a seasoned professional, our employees are on the forefront of developing and innovations that have a positive impact on the lives of our customers and contribute to a better world. As such, we seek the best and the brightest from all over the globe by participating in a multitude of diverse career fair events. Within the U.S., has formal partnerships with six professional organizations who strive to generate diverse talent for the company.  
- National Association of Women MBAs (NAWMBA):  www.mbawomen.org
- National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE):  www.nsbe.org
- Society of Women Engineers (SWE):  www.swe.org
Supplier Diversity Development
Motor Company’s (Ford) Supplier Diversity Development (SDD) Program was launched in 1978, one of the first programs in the United States. recognized that it had a social responsibility to provide business opportunities to diverse communities that had been historically, socially and economically disadvantaged. When the company initiated its Program, there were few Minority, Women or Veteran owned and operated companies with the capability to deliver the goods and services required by and other automotive manufacturers. 
In 1978, at the direction of Henry II, a program was designed to identify high-potential minority entrepreneurs and assist them in growing their companies to competitive positions in the automotive industry. Having achieved success in the minority business community, expanded its program in 1995 to include Women owned businesses and encouraged their growth in the automotive industry. In 2013, included Veteran owned businesses in its diversity program. Since the launch of our program, has spent more than $74 billion with diverse suppliers. 
Ford’s Program is nationally recognized for its leadership and continually strives to manifest its tradition of corporate social responsibility and achieve its business objectives consistent with the Program’s guiding principles:
- To deliver extraordinary support and assistance to certified Minority, Woman, and Veteran owned business that have been historically, socially and economically disadvantaged.
- To create business opportunities and initiatives that enable diverse suppliers to grow into profitable and sustainable enterprises.
- To have the supply base reflect the Company's workforce and customer base.
The challenges presented by a dynamic environment of intensifying competition and a changing set of employee needs and expectations present us with many strategic opportunities. Our inclusive worklife programs, such as reduced and flexible schedules, job sharing, and telecommuting options, provide us with a viable means to meet our business challenges and provides high employee engagement and satisfaction.
To ensure success with our worklife programs, we equip our employees with cutting edge productivity and communication tools that transform our employees into virtual “digital workers.”
The benefits of such inclusive programs lead to increased productivity, innovation, quality and profitability, as well as better job satisfaction and commitment.
Ford's History of Diversity & Inclusion in the Workplace
Ford's History of Diversity & Inclusion in the Workplace
Henry is known as the man who put the world on wheels. This visionary inventor also saw the wisdom in creating a diverse workforce - long before such concepts were embraced by other business leaders. Since its founding in 1903, has established itself as a premier American employer by supporting equitable and inclusive employment practices years before the law required it.
The Early Days  
From the beginning, Motor Company has taken steps to ensure that its workforce has reflected the communities in which it does business. Within its first five years, had established production or sales operations in the United States, Canada, France, the United Kingdom, parts of Scandinavia, Eastern Europe and Russia.
1913: Henry Ford’s offer to pay $5 a day attracts thousands of immigrants and African Americans who are drawn to the prospect of earning twice the typical daily wage. The $5 day is credited with helping to create the middle class.
1916: The growing automotive company employs people who represented 62 nationalities, as well as more than 900 people with disabilities.
1918: The company takes early steps to ensure that the work environment will accommodate a diverse population of workers. Long before race relations was a common concept, the company hired race relations experts to promote a tolerant work environment.
1919: Many people of Middle Eastern descent came to Dearborn and Detroit to work for Ford, which led to the creation of a local mosque - the first built in the United States.
1919: begins to hire disabled veterans returning from World War I, making the automaker one the first companies to hire people with disabilities and to adapt work environments to their specific needs.
Through next three decades, continued its policies of equal opportunity and treatment. Significant events included the company's first official non-discrimination clause.
1920: Motor Company has more African American employees than any other automotive company. During this period, the company also hires its first Asian Indian employee, who went on to establish of India, opening the door for many Asian-Indians in the workplace.
1924: The company hires its first African American salaried employee and promotes the first African American to plant foreman.
1941: negotiates its first collective bargaining agreement with the United Auto Workers. The agreement was particularly groundbreaking because it explicitly prohibited discrimination based on “race, color, national origin or creed,” a clause that has remained in every subsequent agreement.
1944: Rose Will Monroe, a rivet gun operator, was working at Motor Company's Willow Run plant when actor Walter Pidgeon chose her to appear in a promotional film for war bonds. Rose became the live personification of the already created fictional "Rosie the Riveter," as depicted in the colorful "We Can Do It!" posters showing a determined woman factory worker. 
1946: Gender is added to the UAW-non-discrimination clause. The change was prompted by the entry of women in the workforce during World War II.
The middle decades produced a number of firsts, including the first African American and the first woman executive. Under the direction of Henry II, an outspoken advocate for minority rights, the company experienced progress in its diversity efforts throughout the mid-century.
1950: hires its first African American senior manager
1956: publishes a manual for salaried employees called “Going Places with Ford.” It includes language that articulates non-discrimination policies.
1959: receives the Booker Washington Trade Association Merit Award for “its pioneering in the inclusive use of human resources.”
1968: Henry issues a personal letter to company management stating, “equal opportunity is one of Motor Company’s oldest, firmest, and most basic policies.”
1969: The company’s first plant “forewoman” is promoted to head the shock-absorber line at the Ypsilanti, Mich. plant.
1970: Approximately 20 African American dealers from brands formed the National African American Dealer Association. Later, several of these dealers were influential in establishing the National Association of Minority Dealers.
1970: Several women join the company in salaried positions. They ultimately are the first to move up the executive ranks, including the first woman to enter Ford’s Marketing and Sales Management Program.
1973: Clifton Wharton Jr. became the first African American to be appointed to the Board of Directors.
1976: The first non-family-related woman was appointed to the Board of Directors, Marian Heiskell.
Efforts throughout the latter part of the century expanded the definition of diversity which now focuses on inclusion and respect. Diversity and Inclusion at means that the company values the uniqueness each employee brings, which includes not only race, ethnicity, age and gender, but also backgrounds, opinions, experiences, perspectives and life situations. It also put an emphasis on fostering an inclusive culture that is free of barriers, and in which all employees are included, respected and appreciated.
While has celebrated many historical accomplishments around diversity, we have continued to improve on key areas of opportunity and achieve many more milestones.
1982: The African-Ancestry Network (FAAN) employee resource group was established.
1983: Helen Petrauskas became the first woman to be named vice president of Environmental and Safety Engineering.
1983: The Chinese Association (FCA) employee resource group was established.
1984: employees observe first annual Celebration of Black History Month.
1987: Elliott Hall becomes first African American vice-president.
1989: Ellen Marram was appointed to the Board of Directors. She is the second woman who wasn’t related to the family to be appointed.
1993: Alex Trotman becomes the first non-American company chairman.
1994: Deborah Kent becomes first African American woman to run an assembly operation for auto manufacturer.
1994: The employee resource group for Ford’s Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual, or Transgender Employees (GLOBE) was established.
1996: The Professional Women’s Network (PWN) employee resource group was established.
1996: The Asian-Indian Association (FAIA) employee resource group was established.
1997: Bobbie Gaunt is named president and chief executive officer of Motor Company of Canada, the first woman to hold such a position for Motor Company.
1997: Susan Cischke, vice president for Environmental and Safety Engineering, is the first woman to receive the Engineering Society of Detroit Horace Rackham Award for humanitarian achievement.
1998: The new Windstar is introduced after being developed by a specially formed "Windstar moms" team.
2001: is a founding member of Billion Dollar Roundtable, an organization supporting  companies who spend more than $1 billion with minority and woman-owned suppliers.
2002: The employee resource group for Employees Dealing with disabilities (FEDA) was established.
2002: Deborah Stewart Coleman, group managing director and chief executive officer of Motor Company of South Africa, is named the Urban Wheel African American Businesswoman of the Year by automotive journalists.
2004: is named by Latina Style 50 as one of the Top 50 Best Companies for Latinas.
2005: Human Rights Campaign names a Best Place to Work for Equality and receives the a 100 score for the first time
2007: The Veterans Network Group (VET_NG) was established.
2007: The Taiwan Ministry of Labor Commission recognizes Motor Company as the Most Friendly Workplace.
2008: The Black Engineer & Information Technology magazine recognizes Motor Company as a Top 50 Company.
2009: Bloomberg Business Week names Motor Company as the top 50 Most Innovative Company.
2010: of Britain named Best Company for Working Families by Magazine.
2012: was the first automaker to be named by The Women’s Business Enterprise National Council as a Top Corporation for Women’s Business Enterprises.
2013: first automaker to include veterans in Tier 2 program.
2014: received numerous awards that recognize its commitment to Diversity & Inclusion including:
- Most Attractive Employer by Universum
- Best Company for Diversity by Hispanic Business Magazine
- Best of the Best Friendly Companies by Black Equal Opportunity Employee Journal
- 2015 Corporate Equality Index Best Places to Work by the Human Rights Campaign.
2015: Universum names of India a Most Attractive Employer for Engineering and IT
2016: FordWorks launched as an innovative and inclusive hiring initiatives for individuals with disabilities. of India partnered with the Blind People’s Association to hire sight-impaired employees, North America launched a program to hire individuals with autism.
2017: Young Professionals Network is established
Motor Company was built on the belief that freedom of movement drives human progress. It is a belief that has always fueled our passion to create great cars and trucks.  And today, it drives our commitment to become the world’s most trusted mobility company, designing smart vehicles for a smart world that help people move more safely, confidently and freely.  We cannot compete for the future we envision unless we are fit in all aspects of our business. 
Attracting, retaining, and developing amazing talent that is empowered to work together to compete and win is a fundamental aspect of our fitness.  core principle of our talent management strategy is a longstanding commitment to equal opportunity in all aspects of employment, including the way compensates its employees.
employee compensation in each market should be fair and equitable, irrespective of gender, race, or similar personal characteristics.  This applies to all forms of pay, including base salary, incentives, bonuses, and other forms of compensation.
reviews and updates people processes on a regular basis to help protect against bias and promote a diverse and inclusive environment.
Our corporate officers recognize the vital role they play in representing the interests of our shareholders. Click here to learn more about our executive team.
Board of Directors
The members of our Board of Directors are dedicated to serving the interests of our shareholders. Click here to learn more about our Board of Directors.
You may send communications to our Directors, including any concerns regarding Motor Company's accounting, internal controls, auditing or other matters, to the following address:
Board of Directors
Motor Company
Dearborn, 48126-0685
You may submit your concern anonymously or confidentially. You may also indicate whether you are a shareholder, customer, supplier or other interested party.
Communications relating to Motor Company's accounting, internal controls or auditing matters will be relayed to the Audit Committee. Communications relating to governance will be relayed to the Nominating and Governance Committee. All other communications will be referred to other areas of the Company for handling as appropriate under the facts and circumstances outlined in the communications. 
Responses will be sent to those that include a return address, as appropriate.
Solid principles of corporate governance are key to maintaining the trust of investors. The Board of Directors or Motor Company has adopted these corporate governance practices to promote the effective functioning of the board, its committees, and the Company.
Code of Ethics Waivers
The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for considering any request for a waiver under Motor Company's codes of ethics from any Director or Executive Officer.
Any waivers that have been granted are set forth below: Currently, no waivers have been granted.
Supply Chain Sustainability Group
Supply Chain Sustainability
Ford’s suppliers are critical allies in helping our Company to achieve success in the marketplace and meet our sustainability goals. We promote long-term relationships with our suppliers and seek alignment with them on sustainability-related issues such as human rights, working conditions and environmental responsibility. We leverage the scale of our supply chain to make a positive impact in the markets in which we do business globally.
Within Ford's Purchasing organization, the Supply Chain Sustainability Department develops and implements the strategy for proactively engaging with suppliers on sustainability issues. The group builds a sustainable supply chain by communicating our expectations to our suppliers, assessing our supply base for environmental and social performance, building our suppliers’ capability, and collaborating with industry and cross-industry organizations to develop common solutions in a non-competitive environment.
We have developed an Aligned Business Framework (ABF) with our most strategic suppliers, which helps improve quality, drive innovation, achieve operational synergies and encourage shared commitment to sustainability goals. Launched in 2005 and most recently updated in 2014, agreements establish working business models for both and the selected suppliers. We work with our suppliers at the corporate level to align and enhance approaches to a range of sustainability issues. All developmental work with suppliers is extended to the supply chain below Tier 1.
As of the end of 2014, the network included 106 companies from around the world. Minority- and women-owned suppliers make up more than 10 percent of the supplier profile.
The basis of our work on human rights and working conditions with our suppliers is Ford’s Policy Letter 24: Code of Human Rights, Basic Working Conditions, and Corporate Responsibility . This Policy Letter applies to our own operations as well as our $100+ billion supply chain. It addresses workplace issues such as working hours, child labor and forced labor (including human trafficking) as well as non-discrimination, freedom of association, health and safety, the environment and other issues.
Our approach has emphasized building capability throughout the supply chain to manage human rights and working conditions effectively. Our efforts focus on training and educating suppliers about human rights and working conditions issues. Following the formal training sessions, we conduct assessments of individual suppliers to verify performance and progress. We are committed to collaborative action to influence all levels of the automotive supply chain. Our view is that all participants in the automotive supply chain – from the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) such as Ford, to the suppliers themselves, to the government agencies that set and enforce the regulations governing operations – must be involved to make these efforts sustainable in the long run.
Environmental Responsibility
is committed to reducing the environmental footprint of our vehicles, our operations and our supply chain. For our own operations, we have a commitment and strategy to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and water use. We hope to help promote a similar reduction throughout the automotive supply chain.
Since 2006, all "Q1," or preferred, production suppliers have 14001 environmental management system certification for facilities supplying Ford. We also encourage our suppliers to extend the benefits of improved environmental performance by implementing similar requirements for environmental management systems in their own supply base.
Since 2010, has taken significant steps to better understand the risks and opportunities of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change for our suppliers and, by extension, for our Company. Our goals are to better understand the carbon and water footprints of our supply chain and to reduce our collective environmental footprint.
In late 2014, with the aim to drive change across the automotive supply chain, launched a new environmental supply chain sustainability initiative, the Partnership for Cleaner Environment (PACE). Our goal is to teach our suppliers about the energy and water savings and waste reduction initiatives has implemented across our operations with hopes that they will implement some of these initiatives within their own manufacturing facilities. To further amplify environmental responsibility and sustainability impact further down the supply chain, we also encourage our Tier 1 suppliers to share these best practices with their Tier suppliers.
recognizes that we have the responsibility to respect human rights and not contribute to conflict in the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. We are layers removed from the smelters and refiners in our supply chain. Accordingly, we rely on our direct suppliers to provide us with information concerning the origin of the tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (3TG) contained in the parts they supply to us. Our suppliers are expected to conduct due diligence to understand the source of the 3used in product provided to and not knowingly provide products containing minerals that contribute to conflict. We work with local governments, industry groups, cross-industry groups, international organizations and NGOs to contribute to the development of in-region solutions for validated conflict free minerals.Search
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Ford’s success is powered by a commitment that’s inscale — 166,000 people working in plants and offices in country after country. Discover more about that organization here.
United States - Livonia Transmission Plant
Employees: Approximately 1,740
Year Opened: 1952
United States - Sharonville Transmission
Year Opened: 1958
United States - Van Dyke Transmission Plant
Year Opened: 1968
Size: 145 acres
United Kingdom - Halewood Transmission Plant (Joint venture – 50% Ford/50% GETRAG)
Employees: Approximately 710
Year Opened: 1964
China - Changan Chongqing Transmission Plant
Year Opened: 2014
Size: 370 acres
France - Bordeaux Automatic Transmission Plant
Year Opened: 1972
Germany - Cologne Transmission Plant Joint Venture (50% / 50% Getrag)
Year Opened: 1935
Legal Entity: Joint Venture
Slovakia - Kechnec Transmission Plant Joint Venture (50% / 50% Getrag)
Year Opened: 2005
Legal Entity: Joint Venture
Brazil - Taubate Transmission
Year Opened: 1974
France - Bordeaux Transmission Plant Joint Venture (50% / 50% Getrag)
Employees: Approximately 850
Legal Entity: Joint Venture
United States - Flat Rock Assembly Plant
Employees: Approximately 3,510
Year Opened: 1987
Site Size: 400 acres
United States - Chicago Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 1924
United States - Dearborn Truck Plant
Employees: Approximately 4,190
Year Opened: 2004
United States - Kansas City Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 1951
Plant Size: 4,717,565 sq ft
United States - Kentucky Truck Plant
Year Opened: 1969
United States - Louisville Assembly Plant
Employees: Approximately 4,610
Year Opened: 1955
Plant Size: 3,154,173 sq ft
Unites States - Michigan Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 1957
Plant Size: 5,000,000 sq ft
United States - Ohio Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 1974
Plant Size: 3,700,000 sq ft
Canada - Oakville Assembly
Employees: Approximately 4,600
Year Opened: 1953
China - Changan Chongqing Assembly Plant 1
Year Opened: 2004
China - Changan Chongqing Assembly Plant 2
Year Opened: 2012
China - Changan Automobile Co., Ltd. (CAF) Assembly Plant 3
Employees: Approximately 3,460
Year Opened: 2014
China - Xiaolon Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 2013
Plant Size: 7,336,186 sq ft
Germany - Cologne Body and Assembly
Year Opened: 1931
Germany - Saarlouis Body and Assembly Plant
Employees: Approximately 6,190
Year Opened: 1970
India - Chennai Vehicle & Engine Assembly Plant
Type: Assembly & Engine
Year Opened: 1999
Mexico - Cuautitlan Stamping and Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 1964
Plant Size: 4,305,564 sq ft
Mexico - Hermosillo Stamping and Assembly Plant
Employees: Approximately 3,650
Year Opened: 1986
Romania - Craiova Assembly
Employees: Approximately 3,600
Year Opened: 2008
Legal Entity: Joint Venture
Russia - Sollers St. Petersburg Assembly Plant (Joint Venture 50% / 50% Sollers)
Employees: Approximately 2,960
South Africa - Silverton Assembly Plant
Employees: Approximately 4,310
Year Opened: 1967
Spain - Valencia Body and Assembly
Year Opened: 1976
Thailand - AutoAlliance (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Joint Venture - 50% Ford, 45% Mazda, 5% Thai Affiliate of Mazda)
Employees: Approximately 6,900
Year Opened: 1995
Legal Entity: Joint Venture
Turkey - Otosan Plant (Joint Venture - 41% Ford/41% Koc Holding/18% Public
Employees: Approximately 7,530
Year Opened: 2001
Legal Entity: Joint Venture  
Employees: Approximately 2,470
Year Opened: 1962
Vietnam - Haiduong Assembly Factory - Vietnam (Joint Venture - 75% Ford/25% Song Cong Diesel)
Employees: Approximately 670
Year Opened: 1995
Plant Size: 300,000 sq ft
Brazil - São Bernardo Assembly Plant
Employees: Approximately 8,250
Year Opened: 1967
Plant Size: 11,840,301 sq ft
Russia - Sollers Elabuga Assembly Plant (Joint Venture 50% Ford/50%Sollers)
Employees: Approximately 1,160
Year Opened: 2008
Thailand - Thailand Manufacturing (FTM)
Year Opened: 2012
Russia - Sollers Naberezhnye Chelny Assembly Plant (Joint Venture 50% / 50% Sollers)
Year Opened: 2014
India - Sanand Vehicle and Engine Assembly Plant
Type: Assembly & Engine
Employees: More than 3,000
Year Opened: 2015
China - Changan Hangzhou Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 2015
China - Harbin Assembly Plant
Year Opened: 1973
Plant Size: 1,566,311 sq ft
United States - Dearborn Tool and Die
Type: Casting and Forging
Year Opened: 1938
Plant Size: 440,000 sq ft
United States - Woodhaven Forging
Type: Casting and Forging
Employees: Approximately 70
Year Opened: 1995
Site Size: 102 acres
Germany - Cologne Tool and Die
Type: Casting and Forging
Year Opened: 1963
Type: Casting and Forging
Employees: Approximately 410
Year Opened: 2003
Plant Size: 250,000 sq ft
United States - Buffalo Stamping Plant
Type: Stamping
Employees: Approximately 1,120
Year Opened: 1950
United States - Chicago Stamping
Type: Stamping
Employees: Approximately 1,270
Year Opened: 1956
Size: 139 acres
United States - Dearborn Stamping
Type: Stamping
Employees: Approximately 1,780
Year Opened: 1939
United States - Woodhaven Stamping Plant
Type: Stamping
Employees: Approximately 420
Year Opened: 1964
Size: 360 acres
United States - Dearborn Diversified Manufacturing Plant
Type: Stamping
Employees: Approximately 290
Year Opened: 1942
United States - Dearborn Engine
Year Opened: 1941
Unites States - Cleveland Engine Plant
Year Opened: 1952
United States - Lima Engine Plant 
Employees: Approximately 1,270
Year Opened: 1957
Size: 312 acres
United States - Rawsonville Plant
Employees: Approximately 700
Year Opened: 1956
United States - Romeo Engine Plant
Employees: Approximately 650
Year Opened: 1973
United States - Sterling Axle Plant
Employees: Approximately 2,360
Year Opened: 1956
Size: 171 acres
Romania - Craiova Engine Plant 
Employees: Approximately 400
Year Opened: 2012
United Kingdom - Dagenham Engine Plant
Year Opened: 1931
China - Changan Chongqing Engine Plant
Employees: Approximately 1,310
Year Opened: 2013
Employees: Approximately 820
Year Opened: 1981
Year Opened: 1923
Year Opened: 1962
Size: 44 acres
Year Opened: 1983
Size: 247 acres
South Africa - Struandale Engine Plant 
Employees: Approximately 590
Year Opened: 1964
Spain - Valencia Engine Plant 
Employees: Approximately 840
Year Opened: 1976
Turkey - Otosan Engine and Transmission
Year Opened: 1982
Size: 271 acres
United Kingdom - Bridgend Engine Plant
Year Opened: 1980
Size: 60 acres
Year Opened: 2015
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
Terms and ConditionsMichigan Central Station, Centerpiece of Ford's Corktown Campus
As reimagines its business for a new century, it has turned to Detroit’s oldest neighborhood as a launchpad for its plans. In Corktown, we are creating an innovation hub in an urban setting to develop, design and test mobility solutions that will shape the future of transportation.
The centerpiece of Ford’s Corktown vision is Michigan Central Station, a beloved Detroit landmark that was acquired in June 2018. The station and a number of nearby properties now owns will anchor a 1.2 million-square-foot innovation hub that draws on talent at and beyond. Our Corktown developments, along with Ford’s transformation of its Dearborn campus currently underway, will create a mobility corridor driving the future of transportation.
Being in the heart of Detroit provides the perfect setting for teams, and our partners in technology, mobility and government, to collaborate on building smart vehicles for a smart world. Corktown will be the place to test out our mobility concepts and city solutions and understand the role transportation plays in revitalizing cities. And Corktown serves as the fulcrum for the company’s push into an autonomous and electrified world.
Our significant investment in Corktown will amplify the ongoing strength and resilience of the neighborhood, the City of Detroit and all of Southeast Michigan. Building on the incredible community already in Corktown, will work together with our new neighbors to integrate entrepreneurship, small business, arts and mixed-use community spaces. Our mission has always been to build better communities everywhere by starting with the ones we call home. It’s how we create tomorrow, together.
Catalyze an innovation hub for and the world to realize the future of transportation. Through a mix of new offices, retail, housing, parks and community places, and its partners will help energize one of Detroit’s most dynamic neighborhoods.
1.2 million square feet, encompassing the Michigan Central Station, the old public school book depository, a former brass factory, a refurbished former hosiery factory (in operation as “The Factory”) and development of 45 acres of vacant land.
Since May 2018, Ford’s dedicated electric vehicle organization (Team Edison) and autonomous vehicle business teams have been based at The Factory.
5,000 new jobs will be created in Corktown — 2,500 from and 2,500 from our business partners who will help us build an innovation ecosystem.
1912 – Construction begins on Michigan Central Station, designed by Warren & Wetmore, architects of NYC’s Grand Central Terminal
1913 – opens in December, a year early, due to a fire at Michigan Central’s old depot
1920s – Henry begins buying land around the station, but Great Depression squelches plans
1940s – At its peak, serves more than 4,000 travelers a day and houses 3,000 office workers
1956 – Passenger traffic begins its steady decline, leading to service cuts; a $5-million sale of station falls through
1975 - added to National Register of Historic Places; waiting room is formally reopened
1988 - Jan 5th at 11:30 AM, 74 years after the first train steamed in, Train No. 353 to Chicago becomes last train out of MCS
1995 – Matty Moroun-owned Controlled Terminals Inc. acquires MCS, unveiling restoration plan which never happens
2009 - City Council votes to demolish MCS, but an election, budget constraints, and a lawsuit arguing for its historic merit, prevail
2015 - In a compromise with the city of Detroit, the Moroun family commits to replacing windows at MCS
2018 – announces plans for reconstruction of the as new hub for mobility capital of the world.
2022 – plans to open doors to the newly renovated MCS
If you have any questions about Ford’s Michigan Central Station and Corktown campus transformation project, you can email us at  corktown@ford.com  or leave a message at +1-313-845-3673 (313-845-FORD). Responses will be provided within two business days.
If you’re interested in leasing space within Ford’s Corktown campus, please contact Derric Scott, Senior Manager – Sales, Leasing and Development at  dscot182@ford.com  or 313-322-6862.
Corktown Campus NewsMotor Company Dearborn Campus Transformation
Motor Company will transform its more than 60-year old Dearborn facilities to collocate 30,000 employees from 70 buildings into primarily two campus locations over a 10-year period.
Motor Company is transforming its more than 60-year-old Dearborn facilities into a modern, green, high-tech campus. The project will colocate 30,000 employees from 70 buildings into primarily two campus locations over a 10-year period.
The centralized campus will further drive innovation and support Ford’s transition into an auto and mobility company.
Throughout, Motor Company will work closely with the city of Dearborn on our master planning activities to ensure adherence to all city guidelines and to provide updates to residents on the project.
January Update
Happy New Year! The installation of the new fencing at the site of the new maintenance and operations building is complete and landscaping will resume in spring 2019.
We appreciate your support. If you have questions or concerns, please contact Land at  dcampus@ford.com  or 313.390.8090.
Phase one (2016-2023) began last April with a focus on parking decks and infrastructure. Additional projects include a new design studio, a sustainability showcase building, and green areas .
Phase two (2021-2026) will focus on major renovations of the World Headquarters complex, including Credit. Ahead of that, work begins in 2017 on modifications to the complex, including a more modern café at World Headquarters and updated work spaces. 
Dearborn residents with questions about the campus transformation can contact via email at scampus@ford.com , or leave a message at 313.390.8090. Responses will be provided within two business days.
You have questions, we are here to answer some of our most frequently asked questions. Click HereSearch
Diversity & Inclusion
Dearborn Campus Transformation
Motor Company
New Innovative Ideas Hosted by Consumer Innovation Office
receives thousands of ideas each year, pertaining to various topics.  We have strict processes that balance your interests and rights with those of Motor Company.
To help ensure that your idea gets to the right place for consideration, please read this page carefully.
Where should you submit your idea?
If you are seeking to become a 
 to Ford, 
 with Motor Company, 
Submit an Innovation Idea
Sustainability Report
Motor Company
Driving Skills for Life
© 2019 Motor Company
Pay Transparency
