Core competencies in plant biology, agriculture, forestry, natural resources, engineering, and enterprise
Our people craft technical solutions to local and global bioenergy and environmental challenges
Our clients include industry, government, and research institutions
The application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, esp. in industry. Machinery and equipment developed from such scientific knowledge.
The application of scientific and mathematical principles to practical ends such as the design, manufacture, and operation of efficient and economical structures, machines, processes, and systems.
Research driven by ideas that have the potential to radically change our understanding of an important existing scientific or engineering concept or leading to the creation of a new paradigm or field of science or engineering. Such research is also characterized by its challenge to current understanding or its pathway to new frontiers.
Systematic applications of knowledge or understanding directed toward the production of useful materials, devices, and systems or methods, including design, development and improvement of prototypes and new processes to meet specific requirements.
Making the World a Better Place Through Sound Science and Disciplined Design
Biomass baler technologies reduce feedstock collection and handling costs
Bringing senior management experience to Concepts, Mike was previously for Tessera, Inc., and prior to that Vice President of Sales & Marketing, Worldwide, for Ostex International, Inc. He spent more than twenty-three years in senior level marketing and sales positions in divisions of Warner Lambert and Nobel, both Fortune 100 companies, and received a in Business from Cornell University.
Dr. Dooley's degrees include and M.Eng. in agricultural engineering and a Phin resources/engineering. Jim held a number of engineering, business development and technical management positions with major corporations, including Amfac (tropical agriculture and sugar cane) and Weyerhaeuser (products and timber), during a twenty-two year career with multi-national corporations. Dr. Dooley was the 2008 President of ASABE, The American Society of Agricultural and Biological Engineers. He is a Fellow of three engineering professional societies.
Tom Broderick serves the company as both an equity investor and as in-house patent counsel. Mr. Broderick has a masters in biology and is a registered patent attorney who has crafted more than one hundred issued patents, numerous successful patent defenses, and has three decades of high-level experience in the patent law business.
