Precision Plastic Injection Moldings
Secondary Operations
Achieving total customer satisfaction
by meeting customer expectations through continuous improvement in all areas of operations.
Standard Quality Systems
ensure that components and devices meet appropriate codes. In addition, we can duplicate customer testing protocols in our facility as requested. 
one-stop turnkey custom injection molder
that can satisfy the most sophisticated and challenging injection molding needs, regardless of a project's size, materials, processes, turnaround time, or shipping requirements. 
Just 2 miles over the border, the Tecate, Mexico operation is a 
state-of-the-art facility established 27 years ago
, that provides our customers with the type of 
services and skills that are required to meet 21st century demands.
Inc. is a top-tier, preferred supplier for well-respected consumer, medical device and technology leaders such as:
Secondary Operations
State-of-the-art facility that provides our customers with the performance that is required to meet the most demanding requirements. The team has over 35 years of experience in high precision tooling and injection molding for cutting-edge technology and medical device companies.
ContactEmail: mmora@formulaplastics.com
The team has over 35 years of experience in high precision tooling and injection molding for cutting-edge technology and medical device companies. We began as a high end custom injection molder in 1984 in Upland, California. Maintaining our high standard of quality, we expanded to Tecate, Baja California, Mexico in 1988 due to a large customer demand. Located two miles south of the border, we began with 10 molding machines. Today, with the Upland plant now closed, we operate with 55 molding machines, a Class 8 clean room, a state-of-the-art metrology lab, quality and production monitoring system and our private freight and trucking delivery service. Our buildings are C-compliant.
The team has over 35 years of experience in high precision tooling and injection molding for cutting-edge technology and medical device companies.
also offers many services to our employees and the community of Tecate. In 1998, a cafeteria surrounded by beautiful Mexican architecture was built for the employees. Auditorio is our auditorium that seats 300 people. It was built in 2009 and is used for continual employee training, corporate events and renting to outside companies. We also provide a library to our employees and the public that offers books, internet and printing for a small fee. Our employees also benefit from an on-site day care facility.
As an employer we believe that by providing the best working environment to our employees we can produce the best product for our customers. has made a commitment to lean manufacturing and the principles of six sigma. We emphasize on the importance of constantly bettering ourselves in order to provide a better, safer and more efficient system.
Tecate, BC, CP21485
