Leveraging Proprietary AI/IoT/IoTechnologies, to Provide New Services That Streamline Not Only General But Also Professional Work
Helps Sapporo Holdings Reduce Environmental Impact With Managed Print Services
DocuWorks 9, a New Version of Document Handling Software, Supports the Work Style Reforms with Its New Functions for Mobile Work
About the impact on Microsoft Windows update program for the scan feature in our multifunction device
Request to update our multifunction devices and printers to latest firmware
Impact of the “Faxploit” fax vulnerabilities on Xerox’s multifunction devices
in Your Country/Region (including Exclusive dealer)
    Xerox, and Design, as well as and Design are registered trademarks or trademarks of Corporation in Japan and/or other countries.Search
Message from Our Top Management
Overviews our activities to offer products, solutions and services that realize valuable communications.
Contributing to a sustainable society
Aims to realize a sustainable society by absorbing our stakeholders' expectations into our management.
Outlines our activities to respond to customers' expectations and to support growth of all employees.
Aiming to enhance Customer Satisfaction
Concepts and Initiatives for Human Resource Development
Xerox's Support for The Earthquake Centered in the Kumamoto Region of Kumamoto Prefecture 2016
    Xerox, and Design, as well as and Design are registered trademarks or trademarks of Corporation in Japan and/or other countries.Search
Launches Cloud-Based Signage Service for Distributing Multi-Language Facility Information and Disaster Alert
Unveils Open Innovation Hub “Future Edge” to Transform Communication Businesses Utilizing Printing Technologies
 – Aiming to come to the forefront of its efforts to pioneer a future of c…
Helping to Educate Children with Limited Access to Primary Education
Corporate Profile of Document Management Solutions
Launches Cloud-Based Signage Service for Distributing Multi-Language Facility Information and Disaster Alert
Unveils Open Innovation Hub “Future Edge” to Transform Communication Businesses Utilizing Printing Technologies
Announces the Appointment of a New Director, and Responsibility Changes of its Corporate Officers
Leveraging Proprietary AI/IoT/IoTechnologies, to Provide New Services That Streamline Not Only General But Also Professional Work
Helps Sapporo Holdings Reduce Environmental Impact With Managed Print Services
DocuWorks 9, a New Version of Document Handling Software, Supports the Work Style Reforms with Its New Functions for Mobile Work
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
    Xerox, and Design, as well as and Design are registered trademarks or trademarks of Corporation in Japan and/or other countries.Announces Responsibility Changes of its Corporate Officers
Corporate Vice President (newly appointed),
responsible for solutions and services management and service delivery in Smart Work Innovation business
Corporate Vice President (newly appointed), Xerox,
responsible for corporate innovation, strategy as well as General Manager of Corporate Innovation Office
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
For customers with an inquiry about our products or servicesAnnounces Top Management Changes
TOKYO, June 14, 2018 – Co., Ltd. announces the following nominees for president, directors, corporate auditors and corporate officers decided by the resolution of the Board of Directors on June 6th. These nominees are expected to be officially appointed at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders and the Meeting of the Board of Directors to be held on June 20th.
Promotion to president, effective June 20 (change is underlined)
Chief Innovation Officer, Director and Corporate Vice President, Holdings Corporation
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer, Director, Corporation
Chief Innovation Officer, Director and Corporate Vice President, Holdings Corporation
Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer, Director, Corporation
Director, Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Corporation
Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Corporation
Hiroshi Kurihara (Retires as President and Representative Director. To be appointed to Special Adviser, Xerox, as of June 21)
Masataka Jo (Retires as Executive Vice President and Director. To be appointed to Adviser, Xerox, as of June 21)
Toru Yamada (Retires as Senior Vice President and Director. To be appointed to President and Representative Director, Business Expert, as of June 20)
Newly appointed corporate auditors, effective June 20 (changes are underlined)
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
For customers with an inquiry about our products or servicesHelps Sapporo Holdings Reduce Environmental Impact With Managed Print Services
Reduced Emissions by 5.73t-With the Service That Won the 2017 Energy Conservation Grand Prize
TOKYO, February 22, 2018 – Co., Ltd. has helped Sapporo Holdings Ltd. reduce power consumption for office printing by 62 percent (11,459 kilowatt-hour, hereafter kWh) and a reduction in emissions of 5.73 tons-(t-CO2), through cutting the number of office equipment such as multifunction devices and printers by 33.8 percent. achieved this through providing managed print services that enhances the efficiency of and optimizes the printing environment.
The Sapporo Group Code of Corporate Conduct states that the Group “must be conscious of the environment and take measures with a view to realizing a ‘sustainable community’ in every business area and in all processes related to our products and services.” As one of the means to achieve this, Sapporo Holdings began utilizing Xerox’s managed print service (service name: XOS) in April 2015 and has since been making continuous improvements with the aim of contributing to the realization of a low-carbon society.
using refurbished devices Note1 —which are particularly effective energy-efficient devices—won the “2017 Energy Conservation Grand Prize for Excellent Energy Conservation Equipment, Minister Prize of Ecnomic, Trade and Indsutry” hosted by the Energy Conservation Center and supported by Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry METI, Japan.
Through providing customers in Japan with which involves the use of energy-efficient equipment to customers like Sapporo, reduced the number of printing devices in Japan by 23 percent, while the number of pages printed was cut by around 800 million pages in fiscal years 2015 and 2016. This meant that emissions were reduced by 10,040 t-(equivalent to approx. 5,170 kiloliter of crude oil).
In 2004, became the first to introduce managed print service (XOS) to Japan. is an outsourced service that maintains an optimized printing environment while continually searching for ways of improvement. involves analyzing the use of copying and printing—such as number of sheets of paper printed, frequency, and power consumption—and then recommending and supplying the optimal models and numbers of printing devices and placing them in the optimal locations. With XOS, helps customers transform how they work by, for example, digitizing operations that were previously performed using paper, through understanding how customers work by conducting questionnaire and business process surveys.
Note1 Products where at least 80 percent (in terms of mass) of components are reused. The recycling is achieved through the utilization of Xerox’s closed-loop Integrated Recycling System, know-how, and technologies on reusing materials. The quality of refurbished products is the same as that of newly-manufactured ones, and they meet the needs of environmentally-conscious customers who demand refurbished devices .
Note Xerox, and Design, as well as and Design are registered trademarks or trademarks of Corporation in Japan and/or other countries.
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
For customers with an inquiry about our products or servicesLeveraging Proprietary AI/IoT/IoTechnologies, to Provide New Services That Streamline Not Only General But Also Professional Work
New Value Proposition Strategy “Smart Work Innovation” Helps Businesses Improve Competitiveness
TOKYO, March 7, 2018– From April, will sequentially roll out new services—which utilize the Company’s technologies in the fields of artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT) and Internet of Humans (IoH)—based on the Company’s new value proposition strategy, Smart Work Innovation. To enhance the competitive power of businesses, the new services will liberate workers from restraints that would generate repetitive tasks, open professional expertise owned by a few specialists to everybody, provide a secure communication environment, and gather/analyze beneficial information to encourage workers to transform their workstyles to a creative one.
has continually assisted customers in streamlining their operations and improving productivity through offering industry- and operation-specific solutions and services. Based on the Smart Work Innovation strategy, the Company will further refine the values that its solutions and services provide with (a) proprietary Document Note1 technologies developed through years of research, (b) next-generation security technology that has been strengthened through the provision of security-related products and services, and (c) IoT/Iotechnologies fostered as a result of implementing them at customers and internally. Through the proof-of-concept opportunities at several customers, the new services have already been showing both quantitative and qualitative results.
service that accurately recognizes handwritten information on paper forms and converts them into data suitable for computer processing, by using a model built utilizing proprietary technology that uses the mechanism of which a human processes visual information . This service will improve the work process of businesses that need to handle large quantities of handwritten forms, e.g. financial institutions and public sectors, where handwritten forms are still mainstream for various applications. In a verification test that was done at a financial institution, productivity in inputting data from handwritten forms saw a double improvement.
Xerox’s proprietary layout analysis technology and character recognition technology extract designated character strings from information scattered in drawings. This service will improve information-checking accuracy and work processes involved in maintenance tasks in industries such as manufacturing, housing and construction. For example, when construction companies make periodic maintenance of numerous facilities including dilapidated ones, they need to refer to large paper drawings that were created at the time the facilities were built, in order to acquire information on parts and components that are required for maintenance work. To extract such information from a pile of drawings, skilled professionals spend long hours, which would be reduced by this service. In a verification test that was done with a certain company, the time required for a professional to inspect drawings were reduced to half.
3. Expert knowledge systemization service
This service will enable anyone to find the association among various information—a task which depends upon professional knowledge or experience. With this service, the relevance between words among several documents can be extracted through proprietary natural language processing technology and systemized as ontology Note2 using a linking technology.
For example, a manufacturing company that provides products to more than 100 countries and regions needs to have its products complied with the laws of each region. When a law is amended, that company needs to inspect its products’ specifications to see if the amendment would have an impact, and if so, it is required to change the specs to comply with the new law. Such task requires much time and effort of professionals. This new service would enable companies to improve their reviewing process in responding to legal reforms by being able to swiftly identify products/services and their specs applicable to the respective laws. In a verification test done with its own products at Xerox, the time required for a professional to create application forms required by laws was reduced by 80 percent by systemizing knowledge and automating the processes of checking drawings and parts data.
As the latest closed network that is fast and stable, the service offers a secure network environment that integrates the office, cloud and mobile devices by leveraging Xerox’s unique insights on providing a secure network environment accumulated through “beat”—its secure network outsourcing service. Users can be assured with the comfort and safety of not only the Internet connection but mobile and Iodevice telecommunications in this closed network. will further launch services that protect information assets from unknown malware that are constantly evolving.
For organizational efficiency, businesses are required to improve the quality of work and communications. However, working styles and communications are difficult to visualize, thus hindering improvements. sees the amount of communication and the balance of dialogues as the key to improving work efficiency. The service utilizes Ioand Iotechnologies developed through verifications done within and third parties to visualize and analyze the communications (dialogues) made between workers as well as their actions and status, which are difficult to identify. Based on such visualized data accumulated, will assist in providing an office environment that would enhance productivity by streamlined communications and prompts creativity, thus in reforming workstyles that would generate quality, better outcome.
With the ever-increasing competition amid globalization and technological innovation, improving work efficiency and competitiveness are sought while demonstrating creativity. Nevertheless, various restraints are preventing work digitalization, productivity improvement, and forcing workers to commit much of their time. The inefficiency dampens the effects of expertise necessary to carry out business and ultimately hinders overall improvements in organizational competency as well as creativity.
will help businesses tackle these issues and improve productivity with the new services based on the Smart Work Innovation strategy.
Note1 Document is Xerox’s proprietary technology that extracts valuable intelligence from documents that piled up in offices and leverages them in business operations. Compared to conventional processing that is based on processing big data from the Internet, Document demonstrates sophisticated processing even with comparatively small data volume because it uses quality data.
Note2 Ontology is a computer-processible data that was systemized by linking knowledge among various concepts
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
For customers with an inquiry about our products or servicesHome > About > Newsroom > News > 2017 > DocuWorks 9, a New Version of Document Handling Software, Supports the Work Style Reforms with Its New Functions for Mobile Work
DocuWorks 9, a New Version of Document Handling Software, Supports the Work Style Reforms with Its New Functions for Mobile Work
Enhances Productivity and Streamlines Operations Under the Concept of “Anywhere, Anytime, for Anyone”
DocuWorks, which enables electronic document management as if handling paper documents, has been evolving in line with the changing work styles and needs of customers since it was launched in 1998. With new functions for mobile work that allow users to continue an unfinished work anytime, anywhere, has further enhanced the software as a business portal that serves as an entrance to all business operations.
Once users have collected documents needed for their work in a new function "Task Space", they can store the documents in Xerox’s cloud service Working Folder by simply clicking the sync button. By accessing to that space from another or mobile terminal even outside the office, the users can view and edit any documents stored in the cloud service. Note 1 , Note 2
In addition, the "Task Toolbar," a tool that enables users to visualize the work procedures by changing the ipositions following the work process, was enhanced to allow users to create multiple tabs. With those tabs, daily operations can be further streamlined enabling users to proceed multiple tasks concurrently. Newly added "Pencil Case" function enables to register electronic stationery (annotations) including stamps, notepad and markers, and to call up frequently or recently used functions.
With the growing momentum toward the work style reforms, it is urgent for companies to balance flexible, diversified work styles, as well as enhancing productivity and streamlining operations. However, accumulated paper documents and electronic ones created with various kinds of software are mixed together at offices, and it is difficult to manage them in a unified manner. In addition, an environment that allows digitized information to be systematically utilized for purposes, such as circulation of a document, has not been established. These circumstances obstruct realization of various work styles and enhanced productivity.
will continue to support its customers’ work style reforms through enhancement of DocuWorks and proposals for utilizing the software in their operations.
Note 1 Cloud linkage with "Task Space" requires a separate Working Folder contract.
Note 2 PCs to be used outside the office require DocuWorks, and mobile terminals require a free mobile app, DocuWorks Viewer Light 4 (either ior Android™ edition).
Customers who purchase DocuWorks 8 between December 14, 2017 and January 16, 2018, and have completed the procedures by the application deadline, can upgrade their DocuWorks 8 to DocuWorks 9 for free after January 17, 2018.
The product can be installed in five PCs per user.
The product can be installed in five PCs per user.
DocuWorks is document handling software that has developed under the concept of "Bring the value of paper documents to the world of electronic documents," and has been marketed since September 1998. As an effective tool for managing electronic documents such as Office and files, as well as scanned paper documents in a centralized manner, the software has achieved five million licenses (as of July 2017) in cumulative shipments in Japan, and accounts for a 40 percent share in the personal document management system market. Note 4 , Note 5
Note 3 The prices, product packages and release date detailed in this press release are only applicable in Japan market.
Note 4 Document management products such as Adobe Acrobat installed on client PCs.
Note 5 Source: Techno Systems Research Co., Ltd. "DMS/market analysis research 2015-2016," 2014, market
Microsoft is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
DocuWorks is a registered trademark or trademark of Co., Ltd. in Japan and/or other countries.
Xerox, and Design, as well as and Design are registered trademarks or trademarks of Corporation in Japan and/or other countries.
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
For customers with an inquiry about our products or servicesConcurrently Launches English Wi-Fi App, Seven-Eleven Multicopy, in Response to Increasing Foreign Visitors to Japan
At the same time, an English version of the free app, Seven-Eleven Multicopy, for smartphones and tablets will be launched so that foreign visitors can conveniently utilize the multi-use copiers to print photos from their mobile terminals.
With the growing trend especially among young people of taking photos with smartphones and sharing them on social media such as Instagram, square photo prints are becoming a standard to put them in frames or decorate them. To respond to this trend, Xerox’s multi-use copiers has become the first in convenience stores to enable Square Prints. By selecting a photo to print using the Wi-Fi app or inserting a recording medium Note2 into the multi-use copier and then choosing “Square Print” from the print menu, the multi-use copier will automatically trim the photo to match the frame designed for square printing, eliminating the need to manually adjust the position or size of the photo.
Also, in response to the recent trend of writing messages on photos to give or decorate, users can choose their favorite border type among the four photo layouts shown on the printer screen. The printing paper is L-sized photographic paper and the user can set the machine to print a photo on the paper with a dotted line on it to later cut out the photo to make it square.
(2) English Wi-Fi app Seven-Eleven Multicopy
The increasing number of foreign visitors to Japan including both tourists and business travelers have exceeded 20 million people as of September 15, 2017. To meet the needs of these visitors, an English version of Seven-Eleven Multicopy free-of-charge app for smartphones and tablets will be available, supporting multi-use copiers to provide not only Copy and Photo Print functions but also Square Print, Scan, Document Print and Postcard Print functions in English.
This will help foreign visitors to Japan easily and immediately print out commemorative photos they have taken in Japan on photographic paper or postcards. Further, the multi-use copiers will meet other needs of these visitors, including easily printing out maps and tourist information downloaded to their smartphones so that they can carry the printouts with them as well as easily printing out or scanning business documents during their business trips to Japan.
[Countries and regions included in the target of the Seven-Eleven Multicopy app]
(In descending order of the number of visitors to Japan, according to data disclosed by the Japanese Ministry of Justice)
and Seven-Eleven Japan will continue to provide customers with convenient services to meet the needs of the times.
Note1 The paper is size (89 x 127 mm), and users need to cut out to make it a square print (89 x 89 mm).
Xerox, and Design, as well as and Design are registered trademarks or trademarks of Corporation in Japan and/or other countries.
netprint is a registered trademark of Co., Ltd. in Japan and/or other countries.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc.
The iPhone trademark is used based on the license granted by Aiphone Co., Ltd.
Names of other services, products and the like indicated in the news release are registered trademarks or trademarks of relevant companies.
For customers with an inquiry about our products or services
For customers with an inquiry about our products or servicesNotice of power-saving settings on ApeosPort-7080/6080 and DocuCentre-7080/6080
informs customers that the power-saving function was disabled in the initial settings before shipment on our monochrome multifunction devices—ApeosPort-7080/6080 and DocuCentre-7080/6080.
Specifically, when using the above models in their initial settings, their value of Typical Electricity Consumption Note1 (TEC) is slightly higher than the value shown in our product brochures and other collaterals as it takes longer time to go into power saver mode after printing.
However, we would like to assure customers that the initial settings do not have any impact on other functions including copy, fax and scan.
Note1 The amount of power by a printer, copier, or other office equipment over a conceptual week (five days of operation and sleep/off repeated, plus two days of sleep/off). It is a criterion required to comply with the International STAR® Program under Japan's Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI).
For customers who are using the above-mentioned models and wish to change the setting, will do so for free of charge, so please contact our local call Center below.
The Power-saving Transition Time Reduction Function will be enabled. (It is disabled in the initial settings.)
Transition time to the power saver mode
Note2 With this function enabled, the transition time for the power saver mode after printing to be resumed will be fixed to 15 seconds.Search
To our customers,
We sincerely thank you for your continued support of our products.
Notice for More Secure Use of Fax and Scan to Email Functions
」 as of 27th April 2018, we will start providing new firmware which will improve address entry operation.
Please download our latest firmware for enhanced operation from your Country/Region.
Please contact our customer engineers or authorized dealers for upgrading the firmware.
For our customer,
Regarding the request in the title, it is found Tap to Print feature does not work as specification for the below products which have been on sale since May 7 2018.
We are afraid the feature defect happens right after field installation starts and would like to ask for actions.
Tap to Print is unavailable because of failing to launch Print Utility for Android or failing to lead to the download page of Play Store even if swiping Android smart phone which supports to the devices.
Upgrade device firmware and fix the defect as Tap to Print works correctly
Please refer to your Country/Region because a fixed firmware is ready.Information about the Impact of Meltdown / Spectre vulnerability on our multifunction devices and printers
US-CERT: Meltdown and Spectre Side-Channel Vulnerabilities
Our multifunction devices and printers are designed so that programs except legitimate firmware cannot be installed. Therefore, this vulnerability cannot be used to run malicious programs.
The installation of Add-on Application for our multifunction devices is restricted to the machine administrator. Therefore, it cannot be installed by a third party. In addition, setting signature verification function valid assures to block installation of unauthorized programs.
Please note that we are confirming the impact of this vulnerability on our production printers (print servers).
We would like to inform you about the influence range and the status of response on our production printers (print servers) as follows:
We have confirmed that they are not affected by this vulnerability and you can use them with confidence.
We have verified that the Print Servers are not affected noticeably by patch(es).
We have verified that the Print Servers are not affected noticeably by patch(es).
We are checking the effect of this vulnerability, please refer to the following site.
Thank you for your continued support for products.
Multiple news websites have reported about fax vulnerabilities dubbed “Faxploit.” confirmed that our multifunction devices with the fax are not susceptible to such attacks that exploit the reported vulnerabilities from “Faxploit” or similar online attacks.
Our multifunction devices do not have color fax capability, which is used for the exploitation of the reported vulnerabilities.
Our multifunction devices’ fax line is completely separated from network processes. None of the data received via the fax line would affect users’ network.