Team and Management
Board of Directors
Made from organic by-products and biomass wastes.
BioCore™ sequesters atmospheric carbon.
Delivering agricultural and environmental benefits.
Creating energy from waste.
BioCore™ maximizes water efficiency.
Waste Management
Energy Security
is honored to be selected as a Virgin Pioneer as part of the Virgin Earth Challenge! 
All biochars are not created equal
works with nature to draw down carbon. We are harnessing abundant carbon stocks and scarce nutrient resources to deliver proven products with both agricultural and environmental benefits. has developed a system for producing proprietary products that are scalable and profitable in major agricultural markets around the globe.
selected as a Virgin Pioneer
© 2019 Biochar. All Rights Reserved.has developed best-in-class commercial products. Our patent-pending BioCore™ and BioCharge™ technologies are tailored for the needs of large-scale agricultural markets.
has taken a unique “platform” approach to development and deployment that is customized for specific feedstocks. Our platforms utilize proprietary pyrolysis and post-pyrolysis strategies that deliver standardized and stabilized products, proven energy outputs, and carbon credit protocols.
Biochar’s platform strategy effectively mitigates technical, financial and operational risk. Biochars are produced at scale with proven agricultural benefits and documented carbon storage and drawdown impacts that close the carbon cycle.
© 2019 Biochar. All Rights Reserved.Dr. Shearer is co-founder and of Biochar. Prior to launching Biochar, Dr. Shearer was Chief Scientist at California Environmental Associates and Principal Environmental Scientist at AeroVironment Inc., where he worked in the next-generation transportation, energy, carbon mitigation, and information technology space. In addition to his private sector activities, Dr. Shearer has directed groundbreaking work in both public policy and philanthropic investment for climate change mitigation. Dr. Shearer sits on several nonprofit and educational boards including SkyTruth and Black Rock Solar. He has a Ph.in Environmental Epidemiology and a in Environmental Microbiology from the University of California, and in Biology from the University of Oregon.
Founder, Executive Vice President, Marketing and Business Development, Director
Jackie Wallace is co-founder and Executive Vice President, Marketing and Business Development of Biochar. Ms. Wallace is an entrepreneur primarily focused on cutting-edge, disruptive green technologies. She is a former trustee and board member of a Washington, DC-based family foundation. Ms. Wallace is the original founder of Biochar, sighting the potential of as not only a viable planetary solution across many sectors, but also a viable business opportunity for big agriculture.
Dr. John Gaunt
Executive Vice President, Product Development Director
Dr. Gaunt is Executive Vice President at Biochar, responsible for the development of products for a wide range of applications. John is a pioneer of biochar, working with the leading research groups around the world, including Cornell University, the Research Center, and Massey University, to establish research programs that are defining our understanding of the opportunity. Dr. Gaunt has more than 20 years of international research and consulting experience. He is the founder of KeySoil Ltd and Carbon Consulting Prior to these professional pursuits, John held a senior research post at Rothamsted Research (UK) from 1994-2003, and between 1989 and 1993 he was based at the International Rice Research Institute, Philippines. John currently holds a courtesy appointment at Cornell University as an adjunct associate professor in the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences. He holds a Phin Soil Biology from University of London (UK) and a BSc in Soil Science.
Bob Hambrecht
Chief Financial Officer
Bob Hambrecht is of Biochar. He has extensive expertise in investment banking and venture investing in the cleantech venture capital sector as well as in alternative energy project finance. Bob’s track record includes over $500 million in total small cap public capital raises and over $75 million combined raises across multiple early stage venture capital investments, where he acted as principal. Prior to his work with Circle, Bob spent a year and a half in Argentina, as Chief Financial Officer for Greenlife International, structuring projects and partnerships and searching for financing for soybean processing and related biodiesel production (along with development of alternative feedstock production). Prior to this work, Bob was a Managing Director at Hambrecht & Company, in San Francisco. As a founding member of this innovative investment bank, he focused on bringing openness and transparency to the capital raising process and was involved in all aspects of the firm’s early IPOs, from due diligence and drafting of documents to sales and marketing and follow-on research. As the head of Equity Capital Markets division for five years, he took a lead role in coordinating banking, sales, and research for the firm’s auction-based Openprocess. Mr. Hambrecht earned his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of California, Berkeley, with High Honors as a History Major, with a Conservation Resource Studies Minor. He has a Master of Public Affairs from Columbia University with a focus on Economic Development, Project Finance, and Urban Planning.
Dr. Peacocke is Director of Engineering for Biochar. He has 21 years of experience in all aspects of biomass and wastes thermal conversion. Since 1996 he has been a Director of Conversion And Resource Evaluation Ltd., specializing solely in thermal conversion of biomass and wastes by pyrolysis and gasification. He has worked as an Independent Assessor to the Technology Programme [now Department of Energy and Climate Change 2003-2006], and since 2000 as an expert to the European Commission XII, VI, DG-TREN, DG-He has also been involved with the Pyrolysis Network for Europe [PyNE], the International Energy Agency – Tasks 33 and 34. His current interests are in pyrolysis technology for production; fast pyrolysis for liquids for liquid fuel production; small-scale biomass gasification for power; and the techno-economic assessment of thermal processes. He holds one patent on the ablative thermolysis of biomass and 50 publications. Cordner has a degree in chemical process engineering and a Phin ablative pyrolysis of biomass, both from Aston University in the UK.
Strategist, Director
Cindy Gantz is a trustee and board member of the Sharon Gantz Bloome Fund/Tides Foundation based in San Francisco. At the intersection of Business and Environmentalism, she is interested in building profitable, effective, scalable commercial businesses that create ways to successfully take carbon out of the atmosphere and keep it out, without creating countervailing impacts. She is the co-founder and Creative Director of Dropping Knowledge, a Berlin/New York based non-profit leveraging new media opportunities with the most pressing issues and voices of our times. She holds a from Rhode Island School of Design and a in art history with minor in business from Columbia University.
