Pioneering the Development of Novel Ectolysins against Drug-resistant Bacteria
Pioneering the Development of Novel Ectolysins against Drug-resistant Bacteria 
Pioneering the Development of Novel Ectolysins against Drug-resistant Bacteria
ContactGangaGen, Inc. is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing novel therapeutic proteins targeting infectious diseases in areas of high unmet need such as and other drug resistant bacteria. Using a proprietary platform, is developing highly-specific therapeutic proteins called ectolysins to target clinically meaningful types of bacteria.
GangaGen, Inc. was founded in India in 2000 and incorporated in the in 2001 by Dr. Ramachandran, with the aim to develop novel therapies for treating antibiotic-resistant infection.
The company is led by a senior research team with extensive drug discovery expertise. develops anti-microbial products to control multiple species of bacteria pathogenic to humans.
Dr. Balganesh has three decades of experience in antibacterial drug discovery. As the Head of Research at AstraZeneca, Bangalore, he led the unit to deliver AstraZeneca’s first anti-tuberculosis molecule for clinical development. Before taking up his current appointment at GangaGen, in his capacity as Distinguished Scientist, he mentored drug discovery programs in various Indian National Laboratories under the Government of India’s Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR).
Dr. Balganesh’s research experience is in the area of infectious diseases. He led the diarrheal diseases and broad-spectrum anti-bacterial project teams at AstraZeneca, Bangalore. He then went on to lead the anti-tuberculosis program. He has more than 30 publications and 10 patents to his name.
Dr. Balganesh is trained as a Medical Microbiologist at the University of Calcutta. He gained his post-doctoral experience at Brookhaven National Laboratory, New York, and the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics, Berlin. Dr. Balganesh has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Uppsala in recognition of his work in tuberculosis and malaria. He is on the review panel of drug discovery programs like the ‘Innovative Medicines Initiative’; a European Union program to seeking novel treatments for Gram-negative bacterial pathogens. He continues to guide research programs in several National Laboratories in India. He is also a mentor and reviewer of programs initiated by the WellcomeTrust and the Gates Foundation in India.
Mr. Hariharan and his team have developed the manufacturing process for GangaGen’s lead phage products and bacteriophage-derived recombinant protein ectolysin, P128, the Company’s lead therapeutic candidate. He has extensive experience in the process development of therapeutic bacteriophages, phage derived antibacterial agents and in their manufacturing (cGMP) for preclinical and early clinical phases of drug development.
Prior to joining in 2004, Mr. Hariharan was responsible for the fermentation process development of therapeutic proteins in yeast expression systems at Bigtec Private Limited, Bangalore.
Mr. Hariharan has a Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical Engineering. He received his Master’s of Engineering Degree in Biotechnology from the Anna University, Chennai, India.
Dr.Keelara is a physician by training and holds a medical degree from Bangalore University, India and an with distinction in International Business from Birmingham University, United Kingdom.
Before joining GangaGen, Dr. Keelara led clinical research projects at leading CROs in India. Dr. Keelara has broad clinical project and program management experience, including designing, implementing and managing of Phase to Phase clinical trials across therapeutic areas such as oncology, cardiology, respiratory and infectious diseases. He has in-depth understanding of medical, clinical and regulatory related strategy of drug discovery and drug development.
Vivek Daniel Paul has 15 years of research experience in driving the discovery and development of therapeutic bacteriophages and bacteriophage-based protein antibacterial agents called ectolysins. Along with his colleagues, he discovered the ectolysin P128, a potent anti-Staphylococcal agent.
Mr. Paul joined in 2002 and later moved to Syngene International in 2009, where he worked as a scientist delivering biology & projects for multinational pharmaceutical companies. Before returning to in 2013, he worked as a research scholar in Prof. Alan Davidson’s lab at University of Toronto where he got trained in structural and biophysical aspects of protein-protein interaction and macromolecular assembly in the context of phage morphogenesis.
Mr. Paul received his Master’s degree in Biochemistry from Bharathiar University, Tamil Nadu. He has several patents in the field of phage ectolysins and has published in peer-reviewed journals.
Dr. Percy’s 20 years in the biotechnology industry include substantial research, business development, and operations experience in both human and animal health. This includes managing research teams at companies including Amylin Pharmaceuticals, and heading business development at Avigen, Inc. She has successfully completed both in-licensing and out-licensing deals valued at up to US$100and managed transition teams and headed alliance management post-deal closure. Dr. Percy received her Phin immunology and parasitic disease from UCLA, her from the University of California, Irvine’s Executive program (Class rank: 1), and her in Biology from the University of Minnesota (summa cum laude).
Dr. Sharma joined in 2012 and is responsible for quality and robustness of science at the company as well as leading the scientific publication efforts of the company. Previously, Dr. Sharma spent more than twenty years at AstraZeneca’s Research and Development site in Bangalore. He has extensive experience across the discovery spectrum of antibacterials, including small molecules, proteins and bacteriophages with novel mechanisms of action, and broad spectrum anti-mycobacterial agents. He has also led multidisciplinary groups and projects focused on pre-clinical phases of drug discovery.
Dr. Sharma is published in peer reviewed journals for his work at AstraZeneca and GangaGen, including the Journal of Bacteriology, the Journal of Medicinal Chemistry and Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy, and holds several patents related to P128 and P523 therapeutic proteins.
Ms.Sriram has over two decades of experience in biopharmaceutical R&D, with hands-on knowledge of driving biologics from early research to human clinical trials. She joined in 2001 and has held various leadership roles, helping to establish the R&infrastructure at and has built and led multidisciplinary teams towards development of therapeutic phages and phage-derived antibacterial proteins for human therapy.
Prior to joining GangaGen, Ms.Sriram gained extensive experience in chemistry, manufacturing and controls and regulatory requirements for Bio-therapeutics at Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories, where she was Head of Process Validation and Quality Control. Earlier in her career, she developed DNA-based diagnostics for cerebral malaria and researched anti-malarial compounds for in vitro and in vivo efficacy at Astra Research Center India (Astra Zeneca).
After completing her Master’sDegree in Clinical Biochemistry, she pursued a Master of Philosophy in Biotechnology from the University of Poona. She is the author of several scientific publications in peer-reviewed journals. Ms. Sriram is an inventor on several patents related to GangaGen’s phage and phage-derived technology.
Aradhana Vipra is Head of Microbiology at Biotechnologies Private Limited.  She joined in 2003, and leads the company’s Microbiology team.
Ms. Vipra has extensive experience in bacteriophage research, including characterization of bacteriophages for various Gram-positive and Gram-negative drug resistant bacteria and product development strategies for phage-based prophylactics. She is well-versed in clinical laboratory guidelines for in-vitro testing of new candidate drugs and acquainted with a range of in-vitro based assays.
Ms. Vipra holds a Master’s Degree in Microbiology from Department of Microbiology, Nagpur University, India. She has published in peer reviewed journals including Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy, Microbiology, Microbiology, Veterinary Research Communications and phage related research articles in Diseases of Aquatic Microorganisms and Advances in Microbiology. She is an inventor on the patent filed for P128 activity on biofilm.
Mr. Wilson has served as a director and as Chairman of the Board of Corcept since 1999 and of NuTechnologies, Inc., a provider of systems for genomic analysis, since 2005. From 2002 to 2009, he served as the lead independent director of Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a publicly-traded biopharmaceutical company, and from 1996 to 2001 Mr. Wilson was Chairman of the Board of Amira Medical, Inc., which was acquired by Hoffmann-La Roche From 1991 to 1994, he was Chief Operating Officer of Syntex Corporation, which was acquired by Roche Holding, Ltd. From 1989 to 1990, Mr. Wilson was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Neurex Corporation, which was acquired by Elan Corporation plc, and from 1982 to 1988, Mr. Wilson was Chief Executive Officer of LifeScan, Inc., which was acquired by Johnson & Johnson Company. Mr. Wilson received his and from the University of Arizona.
Mr. Leow is serving as Acting of Inc. He has 30 years of experience as a corporate lawyer in New York and Singapore, and as an investment banker and financial adviser in Southeast Asia. Mr. Leow received his degree from and his from the University of California, Berkeley.
Dr. Schoolnik is Professor of Medicine, Microbiology and Immunology, Departments of Medicine and Microbiology and Immunology at Stanford University School of Medicine. He is also Co-Chairman, Blue Ribbon Panel on bio-terrorism and its implications for biomedical research, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda. Dr. Schoolnik is a distinguished leader in the area of molecular microbial pathogenesis and pioneered the use of microarrays for studying gene expression in Mycobacterium tuberculosis. He serves on the Scientific Advisory Boards of numerous companies and national and international agencies. Dr. Schoolnik began his medical career at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston and was Chief Resident for Internal Medicine at the Hospital (1977-78). Dr. Schoolnik was a member of the Microbiology Department at Rockefeller University (1978-81), and thereafter joined the faculty at Stanford, where he has been since. He was an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute from 1987 to 1996. Dr. Schoolnik is one of the world's experts on infectious diseases, and he serves as a senior advisor to the National Institute of Health and the Department of Defense.
Dr. Schoolnik attended Stanford University and received his degree with honors from the University of Washington, Seattle. He has published more than 130 refereed original articles, contributed 60 monographs and book chapters and holds 8 patents.