For safe, efficient, and responsible energy
is addressing global energy and environmental challenges across the energy value chain
Expanding the supply of natural and renewable energy
Transforming natural resources into clean fuels, power, and chemicals
Ensuring a safe and reliable energy delivery infrastructure
Promoting the clean and efficient use of energy resources
												Methane Emissions Monitoring, Mitigation, and Insights to Address Global Climate Change Concerns									
												Minimizing environmental impacts and increasing recovery rates with the Hydraulic Fracturing Test Site (HFTS) program									
												Increasing the Efficiency of Hydrogen Fueling with a Free-Piston Expander for Hydrogen Cooling									
												Reducing Air Pollution With Fuel Cell Truck Project for Zero-Emission Heavy-Duty Vehicles									
We partner with the energy industry, major industrial firms, government agencies, equipment manufacturers, private investors, and entrepreneurial start-up companies in collaborative projects or proprietary engagements that maximize value and minimize risk
Want a career with a bright future?
When the work you do impacts the world’s energy future, it’s easy to get excited about working at We’re a leader in the new energy economy and we’re looking for talented and entrepreneurial employees who can identify meaningful opportunities, develop new technologies, and deliver them to the marketplace.
What can we do for you?
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
Solving Important Energy Challenges and Creating Value in the Marketplace
Solving Important Energy Challenges and Creating Value in the Marketplace
is the leading research, development and training organization addressing energy and environmental challenges to enable a secure, abundant, and affordable energy future. For more than 75 years, we have been providing economic value to the natural industry and energy markets by developing technology-based solutions for industry, government, and consumers.
Our research initiatives address issues impacting the natural and energy markets across the industry’s value chain—supply, delivery, and end use. We offer an integrated systems perspective to expand the supply of affordable energy, ensure a safe and reliable energy delivery infrastructure, and promote the efficient use of energy resources. To date, programs have resulted in nearly 500 products, 750 licenses and more than 1,300 associated patents.
is an independent organization, established as an Illinois not-for-profit corporation. We are tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code.
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
International, Inc. (GTII) is a holding company and wholly owned subsidiary of Through GTII, is investing in an efficient, clean energy future to meet ever-escalating energy, operational, and environmental challenges.
We combine capital, technical expertise, infrastructure, and access to GTI’s global network of partners and customers, advanced laboratories, unrivaled training, and resources to help companies expand and grow.
LocusView Solutions (LVS) was launched as a Chicago start-up in 2014 by International (GTII). The company has intimate knowledge of the industry’s unique engineering, operational, and regulatory compliance needs and brings advanced commercial-scale mobile geospatial products and services to natural operators, leveraging developed with industry support.
In April 2018, was sold to NortecView, Ltd., a software company that develops innovative cross-platform mobile, IoT, and web solutions for utility companies. The long-standing partner developed the mobile application platform currently utilized by LocusView. Together, the team will be well positioned to accelerate the pace of product development and rapidly scale deployment of the throughout the U.S.
In 2013, helped launch a consulting firm, Enovation Partners, focused exclusively on serving the energy and infrastructure sectors. supports Enovation Partners with technical knowledge and experience as it helps and multinational clients develop high-impact strategies, evaluate new technologies, assess the regulatory landscape, and navigate the business environment of a rapidly changing market.
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
works to make a difference in our local community, helping others that are nearest to us. These activities are a reflection of our culture, our values, and the way we do business.
Annual Food Drives. hosts a food drive several times a year to help stock the local food pantry, the Self-Help Closet & Pantry of Des Plaines. The Pantry distributes food to over 1,000 individuals and families every month, feeding the area’s hungry children, elderly, working poor, unemployed, chronically ill, and homeless.
“Toys for Tots” Campaign. participates in a Marine Corps sponsored program, providing gifts to disadvantaged children throughout metropolitan Chicago.
United Way Campaign. Through an annual payroll deduction campaign, we provide financial support to a national organization that creates a brighter future or those in need.
LifeSource. Each year we sponsor several onsite blood drives at our headquarters.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Corporate Challenge. employees take part in the annual 3.5 mile Chicago race that benefits local not-for-profit organizations.
Veterans Day Service Project. Throughout the year, employees collect personal-sized items such as shampoos and soap. In October, hosts a service project to assemble the toiletries into basic supply kits that are delivered to needy veterans at the Jesse Brown Center in Chicago on Veteran’s Day. Each kit is accompanied with a special note of appreciation for their service to our country.
As a leading energy research institution, believes everyone has a key role in protecting the integrity of our planet for future generations. From the projects we choose to the way we run our operations, we are committed to reducing our own environ­mental footprint.
Creating a Sustainability Management Plan. three-year strategic plan developed by GTI’s Environmental Sustainability Committee outlines our intention and goals.
Reducing our own non-project related energy use. An Energy Use Analysis is establishing a baseline to deter­mine the impact of our facility updates. We are replacing lights and were able to decommission many of our laboratory hoods to save energy. All outdoor lights were replaced with lighting that is up to 80% more efficient than traditional lighting. During renovations, low-flow automatic flush toilets were installed to conserve natural resources. They save three gallons per flush and reduce overall water use by over 200,000 gallons of water/year.
Managing material re-use, recycling, and disposal. All printers are set to print double sided to reduce paper use. Excess colored paper was donated to a program at an alternative high school in Chicago that uses art as a teaching tool for underserved students.
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
is guided by a Board of Directors with members representing the natural industry and consumer interests. The of is also a member of the Board. Input is solicited from the Public Interest Advisory Committee (PIAC). The provides public and consumer interest guidance to and its Board. The is made up of public utility commissioners, consumer advocates, and environmental, economic, and university-based experts.
In addition, member companies and other partners provide technical guidance to on program content and priorities. also formally surveys its research customers regularly. This satisfaction survey helps to ensure that GTI's products and services meet customer needs and identifies areas for performance improvement.
Mr. Adrian Chapman, President and CEO, Holdings, Inc. and Washington Mr. Arthur Corbin, President and CEO, Municipal Authority of Georgia
Mr. Alexander Karsner, Managing Partner, Emerson Collective
Ms. Rebecca Ranich, President, Exenico (Vice Chair)
Mr. John Somerhalder II, Chairman, President and CEO, Resources (Retired)
The Honorable Kara Brighton-Fornstrom, Deputy Chair, Wyoming Public Service Commission
The Honorable John Coleman, Jr., Commissioner, Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
The Honorable Sadzi Martha Oliva, Commissioner, Illinois Commerce Commission
The Honorable Swain Whitfield, Chairman, Public Service Commission of South Carolina
Dr. Carl Blumstein, Director, California for Energy and Environment
Mr. Steven Nadel, Executive Director, American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy
Ms. Lisa Jacobson, President, Business Council for Sustainable Energy (BCSE)
Mr. Charles Warrington, Jr., Managing Director & Executive Officer, Clearwater System/APGARF
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
solves important energy challenges, turning raw into practical solutions that create exceptional value for our customers in the global marketplace. We are driven by four primary objectives, which span the energy industry value chain. They provide both the focus and enduring opportunity for our business endeavors. These objectives are:
Expanding the supply of affordable natural and renewable energy
Ensuring a safe and reliable energy delivery infrastructure
Promoting the clean and efficient use of energy resources.
Reducing carbon emissions to the environment.
Nothing is more important than the safety of our employees and our customers.
We provide opportunities and a stimulating environment for creative employees to learn, grow, and make a difference.
We obey the law and conduct business in a straightforward, transparent manner.
GTI’s ultimate success depends on our ability to work together in a manner that delights our customers.
We have an obligation to our customers to deliver the very best product can provide.
We must bring solutions to customers that enable their continued success.
celebrated our 75th anniversary in 2016. As a leading research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges, has spent the last seven+ decades developing high-impact technologies and providing technical insight to unlock the potential of natural and other energy resources—making them economically and environmentally sustainable while reducing energy costs for consumers.
The organization has achieved many successes over our prolific history, focusing on initiatives aligned with important national priorities. has provided innovative solutions to critical challenges along the entire value chain, and improved the ways of producing, transporting, and using energy to benefit the general public.
(GTI) was formed in April 2000 by the combination of two major research and development organizations serving the natural industry—Research (GRI) and the of (IGT).
was founded in 1976 in response to the Federal Power Commission (FPC) encouraging increased research and development (R&D). administered research funding provided by a surcharge on shipments of natural sold by the interstate pipelines. At its peak in 1994, administered funds in excess of $212 million.
IGT, founded in 1941, supported the industry need to train graduate engineers. was affiliated with the Illinois of (IIT) as a degree-granting institution from 1941 to 1994, when moved off IIT’s campus to larger facilities in Des Plaines, IL.
As the industry evolved, also evolved in parallel and focused on a world-renowned research program with support from many industry sources, including GRI.
As a result of the phasing out of GRI’s funding mechanism, the industry encouraged and to combine activities. In 2000, the GRI/combination became official and today, offers the strengths of both predecessors, positioned as a leading research, development and training organization serving the global natural industry and energy markets.
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
© 2018 All Rights Reserved.Carbon management is a key environmental concern among all stakeholders. Common sense, cost-effective solutions that can reduce annual emissions of carbon dioxide and other potential greenhouse emissions to the atmosphere are needed. All sectors of the energy industry are looking to enhance their environmental performance.
The development of new energy-efficient technologies is one of the most important and easiest ways that we can lower energy consumption, reduce energy costs, and control greenhouse emissions. programs in power generation (including combined heat and power), transportation, industrial,
residential, and commercial markets are targeted at efficiency and emission drivers. Our researchers have broad expertise in alternative combustion systems and approaches that lower the carbon intensity.
Blending renewable fuels with fossil fuels or substituting altogether is a proven path for creating low-carbon fuels. is active in a range of biomass conversion processes and has extensive background in processing and clean-up technologies to produce gaseous and liquid biofuels suitable for a wide range of applications.
Our efforts encompass a broad range of technologies for carbon capture, control, and utilization. is working on a multitude of projects to quantify and mitigate methane emissions from various sources and identify opportunities for reduction in greenhouse emissions.
Methane emissions monitoring, mitigation, and insights to address global climate change concerns
is working on a multitude of projects to quantify and mitigate from various sources and identify opportunities for reduction in greenhouse emissions.
Methane Emissions Monitoring, Mitigation, and Insights to Address Global Climate Change Concerns
Cost-Competitive Hydrogen Generation with Pre-Combustion Carbon Capture
Developing Cost-Efficient and Effective Ways to Mitigate Methane Emissions With an Integrated Burner/Thermoelectric System
Capturing Carbon with CarboLock™ Hollow Fiber Contactor More Economical Capture of Greenhouse Gases from Coal-Fired Power Plants with Oxy-Fired Pressurized Fluidized Bed Combustion
Carbon Capture for Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle (IGCC) Power
Direct Electron Beam Synthesis (DEBS) Process—Enables Utilization of CO2 to Generate Valuable Products
Dry Reforming of Methane to Produce Synand Reduce CO2 Emissions
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
GTI’s 18-acre headquarters in metro Chicago (10 minutes from O’Hare Airport) is home to a flexible combination of specialized labs with equipment for design, testing and analysis of advanced energy technologies. Investments are constantly made here, updating equipment to ensure state-of-the-art facilities that provide a stimulating environment for our specialized scientists and engineers.
This is a functional lab capable of research-grade microscopy of rock samples. rock saw and core drill provide sample preparation capabilities in support of laser-rock interaction studies.
The Henry Linden Flex-Fuel Test Facility (FFTF) evaluates gasification processes integrated with downstream synclean-up at nominally 1 ton/hr of coal or biomass feed rate to facilitate the commercialization of advanced technologies. It is home to the Aerojet Rocketdyne (AR) pilot-plant-scale advanced compact gasifier acquired by in July 2015.
five-story facility integrated with process equipment in the houses advanced gasifier, processing, and synconversion systems to allow feed-to-product process development testing.
The is used for acid cleaning via solvents in a standalone mode for sour natural evaluations or integrated with the pilot-scale gasification test platforms at for syntreatment. The system can be used with many different chemical and physical solvents to treat up to 1.25 MMscfd.
Within this laboratory, develops and evaluates, on a pre-pilot scale, thermal and catalytic processes for converting coal and biomass feedstocks into liquids and gases.
GTI’s IH2® Pilot-Scale Plant operates extended test campaigns to characterize and optimize process conditions to produce a range of distillate fuels (gasoline, diesel and jet fuel) from a variety of biomass resources, including wood, agricultural residues, algae, aquatic plants, and municipal waste.
This lab houses several unique setups to assess materials properties (e.g., membranes, solvents, catalysts, and adsorbents) and their efficacy in process configurations to separate and capture components such as H2S, CO2, and trace contaminants from streams.
The lab aids researchers and clients in the evaluation of a broad range of materials to remove reduced sulfur compounds, hydrogen chloride, and trace metals; to decompose ammonia; to hydrolyze hydrogen cyanide; and to design cleanup systems. This is GTI’s primary laboratory for evaluating sorbents for potential use in cleaning up the hot produced by a gasifier.
A2LA-Accredited Testing Laboratories
GTI’s Analytical Chemistry Laboratory gives the energy industry a depth of customized support unavailable in typical commercial laboratories. It provides complete laboratory services for natural gas, biogenically derived gas, coal, liquid fuels, and other materials for the natural and power generation industries, as well as for numerous municipalities and utilities. Our capabilities incorporate modern instrumental techniques and traditional referee methods providing highly accurate determinations. Advanced analytical capabilities include chromatography coupled with atomic emission and mass spectral detectors. also received accreditation for three new tests for liquid hydrocarbon analysis in 2014. These new test methods are: D664 (for acid number of petroleum products by potentiometric titration), D5291 (for instrumentation determination of carbon, hydrogen, and nitrogen in petroleum products and lubricants), and D5622 (for determination of total oxygen in gasoline and methanol fuels by reductive pyrolysis). This laboratory is accredited by A2in compliance with ISO/17025 on certificate 2139-04.
This lab focuses on the fundamental properties and characteristics of materials. Forensic analysis of polymers, metals, and composites gives the ability to better understand failures before they become much larger problems. Standard and customized tests are conducted to determine density, thermal properties, tensile strength, compression, mechanical properties, and other characteristics. Advanced equipment such as scanning electron microscopy (SEM) is used for microstructural examinations and chemical composition determination. temperature- and humidity-controlled room conditions specimens to specifications prior to testing. This laboratory is accredited by the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA) in compliance with ISO/17025 on certificate 2139-01.
State-of-the-art microbiological research and testing services provided in this lab integrate molecular genetics techniques to areas such as pipeline microbial corrosion prevention and treatment, microbial characterization, molecular biology, and anaerobic digestion studies. Our microbial corrosion testing service uses quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) testing to directly detect and quantify (without prior growth) corrosion-causing microorganisms typically found in pipes, production wells, and other equipment. Our lab is one of only a few laboratories in the world that offers accredited testing for microbial corrosion-causing microbe populations and is the first lab to receive A2accreditation for microbial corrosion testing services. This technique can be applied in the natural gas, petroleum, chemical, water, produced water and wastewater industries. Additional environmental capabilities are forensic chemical fingerprinting studies, including chromatography/isotopic ratio mass spectrometry (GC/IRMS), which measures stable isotope ratios of carbon to discriminate between different sources of carbon-containing contaminants.​
Multi-acre, controlled soil bed (sand, clay, rock, etc.) provide unique capabilities to evaluate all buried infrastructure systems. Research and evaluations include: pipe locating, leak detection, pinpointing, migration, and greenhouse emissions. Systems can be tested for corrosion resistance and coating performance. This outdoor facility has been used for: keyholing, lining, splitting, locating, low- and high-pressure testing, and other technologies.
series of environmentally controlled large-bay (25’ high) labs with 5-ton overhead cranes provide the capability to fully evaluate metallic, polymer, and composite piping systems. This includes full-scale burst, hydrostatic, cyclic, and accelerated testing period. The same testing can be applied to evaluate all applicable joining systems and appurtenances.
The Fabrication Facility has the capabilities you need to turn your ideas into working prototypes. We have machining, and Welding, Plasma Cutting, Programming and CAD/support software.
This facility provides a wide range of services and capabilities for utilities infrastructure and pavement restoration research. It allows for performance evaluation, development, and cost-analysis studies of new materials and technologies related to utility installations and pavement restoration practices. It includes both indoor and outdoor test sites and contains various types and sizes of buried pipes, backfill materials, and pavement sections.
Key activities here focus on sensors/technologies for a smart energy infrastructure, with an emphasis on operational needs. Major areas of expertise include automation, remote monitoring, and controls. Capabilities include tools and equipment for embedded system development, automation, sensor and signal conditioning; data acquisition technologies and digital signal processing; and data communication systems and wireless communication technology. We also have the ability to construct electronic prototypes.
​Advanced Modeling and Analysis Facility
has the capability to develop predictive models that describe the behavior of systems with complex interactions and estimate the underlying event probabilities for these models. We accomplish this using a variety of probabilistic methods and other appropriate techniques integrating our full slate of state-of-the-art analyses and Finite Element Method (FEM) software.
Our knowledge of these software tools—along with detailed material science, chemical and physics expertise—enable the simulation of stress, heat transfer, fluid dynamics, micro-fluidics, porous flow, chemical kinetics, electromagnetics, acoustics, geo-mechanics, seismic and many other physical phenomena for comprehensive sensitivity analyses. has extensive leading-edge software, laboratories, databases, and data visualization tools that are useful in calibrating constitutive models, validating simulation results, and analyzing and viewing data in the correct context.
Realizing the industry’s developing requirement to capture and record precise location data and accurate network attribute data, has created the GIS/Mobile Application Lab. Utilizing the latest real-time, high-accuracy receivers paired with readily available smart phones and tablet computers, develops mobile applications based on industry-leading to efficiently and effectively capture infrastructure data, build functional geometric networks and integrate data in real-time web-based applications.​
Residential/Commercial Appliance and Equipment Laboratory
This facility is designed to foster the development and advancement of natural appliances and equipment, including improvements in efficiency, safety, performance, cost, and emissions. We have specialized expertise in residential space conditioning and water heating, with a focus on traditional equipment such as furnaces, boilers and systems; water heaters (advanced tank and tankless products); and cooking equipment for both residential and commercial food service applications.​
The PG&Food Service Center (FSTC), a fuel-neutral scientific testing facility in San Ramon, California is operated by GTI’s subsidiary, Frontier Energy. The facility performs equipment test services for manufacturers and end-users to determine the energy and performance characteristics of foodservice equipment and produces reports and documentation.
Within this facility, researchers develop and evaluate advanced steam and power technologies for industrial and large commercial application and combustion systems for use industrial process heating products and systems.​
GTI's and Renewable Energy laboratory contains multiple types of low- to medium-temperature solar thermal technologies and associated end use equipment such as tank and tankless natural water heaters, boilers, space conditioning equipment and other technologies that can enable investigation of integrated or hybrid energy systems using solar thermal.
The lab provides solutions to the natural vehicle (NGV), hydrogen, and other alternative fueled transportation system sectors, with an emphasis on vehicles, fueling infrastructure, and safety. has extensive capabilities and facilities for working with high-pressure and cryogenic natural and hydrogen, plus other novel combustible energy sources.
The test center is used for laboratory-scale development and evaluation of advanced combustion technologies for reciprocating engines, including waste heat recovery, recycling and novel cycles.
performs research on high-temperature (molten carbonate and solid oxide) fuel cells. Our laboratories include all the materials processing, fabrication, and testing equipment necessary for fabricating related components.
We also perform research on low-temperature proton exchange membrane (PEM), direct methanol, and alkaline fuel cell power systems. We have extensive experience making and testing fuel cell stacks through a vertically integrated in-house stack prototyping process, and we have also developed specialty systems such as bio fuel cells.
Our expansive testing facilities house multiple fuel cell test stations to test single cells and components, two stations for multi-cell stacks up to 5 kW, and one 12 ktest station; and fuel processor test bays that allow operational testing of prototypes from 50 watts to 25 kcapacities.
In addition, we have test stations for the evaluation of new catalyst formulations over a wide range of operating conditions with electrochemical instruments, FTIR, high temperature/high pressure TGA, a high-resolution microscope, and several high-temperature ovens. Vibro-mill and ball-mill systems are used to develop nano-size particles.​
has the equipment and expertise to develop a variety of membranes, such as organic polymer membrane, zeolite membrane, metal alloy membrane, high temperature ceramic membrane, and combination membranes. We have a strong focus on high-performance and low-cost materials, looking particularly at and water purification membranes, membranes for hydrogen clean-up and purification, as well as methane storage.
We have extensive investments in fabrication equipment including casting machines and lines; calenders; ovens; screen printing; and coating equipment for membrane production. We have an automatic continuous conveying system for pilot production and can scale up for material production. We also provide materials testing services to outside organizations.​
has extensive facilities for working with high-pressure, cryogenic, and other novel combustible energy sources, including compressed hydrogen (up to 14,000 psig). We are able to design a variety of testing platforms to meet specific customer needs.
Our hydrogen storage laboratory has three advanced Sievert test systems coupled with a dynamic high-temperature/high-pressure to obtain precise hydrogen storage capacities of materials of interest.
We offer a unique facility for conducting controlled testing, data collection, and evaluation of technolo-gies and products under a range of temperature conditions in a Class I, Division 2 electrically classified test lab that can be modified for specialized testing of combustible gases.
The large-scale environmental chamber (3,000 ft3) can be used for controlled and extreme temperature testing programs. It has a range of precision instrumentation including pressure transmitters, temperature measurement devices, and flow meters that is networked into a high-speed data acquisition system to capture multiple channels of information.
The environmental chamber includes a full-size hydrogen high-pressure cascade storage system. Hydrogen production, purification, and compression equipment capable of providing high pressure gaseous hydrogen for testing at fuel-cell quality purity and up to 14,000 psig is available.
Development of materials for hydrogen storage and storage using adsorbed natural (ANG) to lower the cost of light-duty hydrogen fuel cell or natural vehicles are also primary areas of effort at GTI.​
has expertise in developing membranes for water purification. Our water treatment laboratory has four test units to treat diverse water sources, such as brackish water, seawater, and well water. Analytical tools, such as and GC, are coupled with the units.​
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
The Right Team at the Right Time.
Program Management Ensures Results.
When manages your programs, you can be confident that you have the right team working for you. Leveraging our long-term relationships with utilities, government sponsors, and commercialization partners – and our own extensive expertise and resources – our programs deliver results that meet your strategic objectives.
In today’s economic environment, an individual company may not be in a position to independently fund an entire R&project. offers a consortium approach, through which a group of interested companies fund and help steer the direction of a project, while manages the program and performs much of the research.
Joint Industry Program/Project (JIP) brings together and international companies interested in a similar scope of work to leverage R&funding and the knowledge and experience of all partners. manages the collaboration and performs much of the research. Each operates under its own agreement terms and conditions negotiated with the members.
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
safe, reliable, and resilient infrastructure is critical to match a new abundant supply with growing demand and maintain the public’s confidence in the nation’s natural delivery system.
GTI’s focus is on and information development geared toward reducing risk, preventing damage, and enhancing operational efficiency. Geospatial solutions offer high-quality data capture, and digitization and data analytics drive informed decisions.
Collaboratory for Advancing Methane Science (CAMS)
is managing a new industry-led collaborative research consortium that will pursue scientific studies addressing global methane emissions along the natural value chain, from production through end use. 
												Developing Standards, Guidelines, and Software for Tracking and Traceability of Transmission Assets									
												Methane Emissions Monitoring, Mitigation, and Insights to Address Global Climate Change Concerns									
LocusView Solutions (LVS) was launched as a Chicago start-up in 2014 by International (GTII). brings...
Leading the Research, Development, and Testing of Technologies Related to Plastic Piping Systems
For 60+ years, has been providing expertise regarding plastic pipe and piping products. Legacy developments include...
Selecting the best system for controlling steel pipe corrosion on a particular pipeline is often a very...
In 2007, joined an industry-wide effort to establish renewable as a fungible zero-carbon product. An...
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
Identify, select, fund, and oversee research projects resulting in innovative solutions and the improved safety, reliability, and operational efficiency of natural systems
In today’s economic environment, an individual company may not be in a position to independently fund an entire R&project. offers a consortium approach, through which a group of interested companies fund and help steer the direction of a project, while manages the program and performs much of the research. These collaborative programs, which represent a great opportunity for utilities to leverage their R&investments, include—
, a member-controlled partnership of distribution companies to develop, test, and implement new technologies related to safe and reliable operation of the infrastructure
, a member-controlled partnership of natural distribution companies formed to conduct near-term applied research and to develop, test, and deploy energy-efficient end-use technologies.
The and collaboratives are supported by GTI’s 
 that jointly funds early-stage applied research up to the proof of concept stage, before further development continues with mid- to short-term RD&programs.
, a member-driven collaborative to accelerate the market introduction and acceptance of new emerging technologies to feed utility energy efficiency programs.
, which bring together and international companies interested in a similar scope of work to leverage funding and the knowledge and experience of all partners.
is committed to broadening support for natural R&that benefits consumers. Through the “Delta” program, our staff can serve as expert witnesses at rate cases and help you gain approval of R&funding recovery.
We can help you optimize new prior to commercialization. As your transfer partner, will conduct full-scale field demonstrations to help you assess equipment performance in real-world conditions and help you transfer new to the marketplace.
Working Collaboratively with Our Partners to Deliver Results
has an extensive matrix of partners, investors and clients that encompasses more than 200 organizations. We have a proud legacy of successful projects developed in partnership with:
New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA)
Private equity and venture-backed companies
works closely with a number of organizations that figure prominently in the energy industry. Highlights include:
Association of State Energy Research and Transfer Institutions
The Business Council for Sustainable Energy
Chicago Council for Science and  (C2ST) (Board member)
Joint Center for Energy Storage Research (JCESR)
is a leading independent non-profit research, development, and training organization addressing global energy and environmental challenges.
