Accessories and Supplies
Anesthesia Delivery
Bone Health and Metabolic Health
Computed Tomography
GoldSeal - Refurbished Systems
Hemodynamic Recording
Interventional ImaGuided Systems
Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Molecular imaging
Nuclear Imaging Agents
Fluoroscopy Systems
Technology Management
Technical Product Education
Specialties
Cardiology Solutions
Electrophysiology
Musculoskeletal
Stroke Solutions
Part of a new digital ecosystem, designed for you.
Information you need to help improve outcomes for your patients, staff and your enterprise; including access to clinical, operational, leadership topics, and trends. Expanded access through MyGEHealthcare, our secure portal to help you operate more efficiently.
Sign up for the MyGEportal.
Insights. Data. Results. 
Elevating Radiology 
HUB: Technology trends, care areas like cardiology and oncology and leadership strategies. 
An industry-leading coil suite designed to truly conform to the human body.
INTERVENTIONAL: Liver V.I.
The LOGIQ™ E10 ultrasound system provides a new standard in imaging, advanced tools, and enhanced workflow ergonomics so clinicians can scan, diagnose, and treat a wide ranof patients across a broad spectrum of conditions.
The new 800 Series & SPECT/systems feature enhancements to increase sensitivity and enable up to a 25 percent reduction of scan times or injected dose
, without a loss in signal-to-noise ratio.
Discovery RF180* Radiography and Fluoroscopy System
Choosing the right fluoroscopy system for your facility means finding one that offers benefits for everyone. Simply put, patients, technologists, doctors and directors should find it easy to praise the system for how it positively impacts the x-ray experience.
Critical Care Suite on Optima XR240amx
Critical Care Suite is 510(k) pending at Not available for sale in the United States. 
Today’s radiologists are under tremendous pressure to read an ever increasing number of images and provide rapid diagnosis. When x-ray exams alone contribute to 60 percent of imaging performed, the majority...
© 2018 General Electric Company
