For more than 60 years has designed for, fueled and servicedthe industry
connects first reactor to commercial electricity grid
50th Boiling Water Reactor becomes operational 
selected to support the Department of Energy's Versatile Test Reactor (VTR) program
How Can We Help You?
Read about the best reactor designs in the world
Discover how we enhance reactor safety and performance
Learn how we fuel the industry
Fueling a Plant - Fuel   
What is energy?
Columbia Business Report
"My passion is business growth through customer value and satisfaction while building loyalty."
 Patty McCumbee
"am proud to lead teams recognized in our industry for delivering exceptional fuel designs."
Patty McCumbee   
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.
Hitachi In the Community
Commitment to Safety
President & CEO
Jay Wileman is the President and of Hitachi (GEH). is a world-leading provider of advanced reactors and services, with manufacturing, service and sales facilities around the globe. Jay is also responsible for managing the joint venture between the General Electric Corp. (NYSE: GE) and Hitachi Corp.
With more than 30 years’ experience, Jay has a wealth of international knowledge, having led many global teams to success across the spectrum. Prior to being named to his current position in 2015, Jay served as Senior Vice President, Plant Projects and Chief Operating Officer upon his return to in 2012. 
In 2009, Jay was appointed President and of Sub-Saharan Africa where he worked with customers to meet the continent’s needs in oil, natural gas, power generation, water, renewables and new grid modernization.
Since joining in 1994, Jay has held several senior leadership positions in various businesses, including energy, mining, rail and oil and gas in the U.S., Japan, Italy, Australia and South Africa. He began his career as a fuel engineer and commercial manager at Southern Nuclear.
Executive Vice President, Services
Lance Hall is Executive Vice President of Services for Hitachi Energy.
Lance joined on the Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory (KAPL) Field Engineering Program in 1986. From 1989 to 1994, he served as a field representative in the naval propulsion program. After completing his assignment in the field, Lance held project management roles in Non-destructive Test and Materials Science before leaving to join Power Systems (GEPS) in March of 1997. 
In 1999, he was promoted to Quality Master Black Belt - Inquiry to Order (ITO) in Products and later that year was promoted to the position of Manager - Business Development for Power System’s Global Supply Chain Management organization. 
In 2001, Lance was appointed General Manager, Steam Turbine and Generator Product Lines for the Products business and in 2003, moved to the Services Parts team, where he assumed the role as General Manager, & Asia Parts Operations. Lance was promoted to General Manager of the Rentals business in 2004 until he assumed the role of General Manager - Services for the Aeroderivative business in 2006.
In 2011, Lance relocated to Paris, France to lead the global integration of the Converteam business into Energy, a $3.6acquisition. He was promoted to General Manager for GE’s PowerXpand business, a portfolio of fast power solutions, including our TM2500+ mobile gas turbines in September of 2012. In January of 2014, he was promoted to Senior Vice President for Hitachi Energy’s Enrichment Services. 
In October 2014, Lance was named for Enrichment Services and the GM, for Strategic Initiatives & Growth. In this role, Lance lead the overall strategic direction of Global Laser Enrichment (GLE), commercialization decisions and other high priority initiatives. He was also responsible for focusing on increasing strategic marketing capabilities and overseeing select growth initiatives and business development opportunities. 
Executive Vice President, Plant Projects
Jon Ball is Executive Vice President of Plant Projects for Hitachi Energy, a position he assumed in November 2015. In this role he leads the development and execution of new plant strategies globally.
Jon has been a leader in the industry for more than 20 years and has a wide-range of experience in manufacturing, global operations, services, quality and P&leadership.
From 2012-2015 Jon served as Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, where he led more than 1,000 employees worldwide in manufacturing and logistics. Prior to that Jon spent seven years in services where he led both the performance services and field services segments.  
Before that he spent seven years with Global Fuel, a joint venture majority owned by GE, serving in several positions including global supply chain leader, quality manager and lab manager.
Chief Executive Officer, Global Fuel
Amir Vexler is Chief Executive Officer for Global Fuel (GNF), a world-leading supplier of boiling water reactor fuel and fuel-related engineering services.
Amir joined the former Canada Products in 1999 and later served as manager of the Toronto and Peterborough fuel operations.
In 2007 he was assigned to manage Hitachi’s Field Service Center in Wilmington, and in 2008 he was appointed to lead the fuel and related components manufacturing operation for GNF-(GNF-A) in Wilmington. In 2014 Amir was named Chief Operating Officer of GNF-and in 2016 was named os   
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.Power
Date Range
Hitachi dismantles reactor internals in Sweden
Dismantling of Oskarshamn 2 internals completed
ATF: Accelerated Innovation through Collaboration
Hitachi to Buy reactor decommissioning firm
Hitachi Announces Intent to Acquire Specialized D&Expertise
selected for test reactor program
Hitachi Awarded Subcontract For Advanced Test Facility Design
awarded Olkiluoto fuel supply contract
Hitachi awarded subcontract for work supporting proposed Versatile Test Reactor at INL
Hitachi awarded subcontract
New Fuel Contract To Impact Joint Venture In Wilmington
awards contract for advanced fuel development
Department of Awards $33.7 Million to Strengthen the Resilience of Reactor Fuel
Versatile Way to Grow Advanced Power
vital to decarbonization, finds study
DOE-funded Project Unites Hitachi, Exelon, Bechtel and for Reactor Venture
receives federal funds for BWRX-300 development
Hitachi Selected by Department of to Lead Advanced Technology Development Project for BWRX-300 with Exelon, Bechtel, and MIT
First partner announced for New Brunswick project
Small Modular Reactor Project Advances in Canada
BWRX-300: Innovating a new SMR
Pioneers Looking to Solve Our Most Pressing Challenges 
to fuel Entergy BWRs with advanced fuel
 Joint Venture Awarded More Than $250Fuel Contract 
Dominion Invests in Hitachi Development of 300-SMR
Segmentation starts at Oskarshamn 2
Global Fuel Joint Venture Awarded Fuel Supply Contract
Global Fuel's Awarded Fuel Supply Contract by Vattenfall
Innovation seen as key to Hitachi's future
New Wave of Innovation Coming to Learn More   
Accident-Tolerant Fuels Could Be a Boon for Industry
Girl Power! Hitachi hosts Girls in Technology Summit
Female Hitachi Staff Inspires Middle Schoolers about STEM
Hatch unit restarts with accident-tolerant fuel
Plant Hatch Returns to Service with New Fuel Test Assembly Technology
Dismantling of O2 reactor internals starts soon
lead test assemblies ready for loading
Ships Out New Fuel Products Made in Wilmington 
Power Provides Whole Lot More Than Just Learn More   
How Our Partnership with Puts Data to Work
Plans for major power station in Wales win green light
Lessons in Leadership
Hitachi expands Exelon analytics learnings to fleet
Internet Age Transitions Into The Digital Industrial
Exelon taps software to improve reliability at its 6 utilities
Oct 24, 2017
Plant Performance Optimization
Oct 24, 2017
Oct 18, 2017
And Apple Team Up To Bring The Industrial Internet To The iPhone and iOS
Our Future is Digital
Big Data: The Catalyst of Digital Transformation
Hitachi and Announce Steps to Further Collaboration to Commercialize Advanced Small Modular Reactor
Hitachi, extend small modular reactor pact
Surfers Healing provides therapy by sea for children with autism
Optimizing Safety and Economics
Why Digital Believes All Machines Should Have a 'Digital Twin'
Jul 19, 2017
Horizon partnership with Tecnatom includes Hitachi
Digitization experts explain benefits for Jul 4, 2017
Global Fuel's New Product Operating At Two Plants
license to be sought for Advanced Reactor
Editorial: Good news on climate change: North Anna reactor gets approval
to Issue Construction and Operating License for Dominion’s North Anna ESBWR
Global Fuel's New Product Completes Regulatory Process
Regional leaders gather for summit and awards program
New US-Mexico 123 Agreement Is Needed to Help Exports
Modernizing the Grid through Software Crucial to any Infrastructure Bill
Hitachi powering territory 
Awarded Exelon Generation Contract For Outage Services
Canada Aims For Fleet Of Small Modular Nukes
Getting to Work 
Print That Part
NRC: Everything’s safe and secure in Castle Hayne
Bechtel, team up on European decommissioning
Hitachi and Bechtel Form Decommissioning Alliance
Hitachi, Advanced Reactor Concepts to Cooperate on Small Modular Reactors
Vendors team up on commercialisation
GEH, Advanced Reactor Concepts, Team Up On Advancement
Advanced Reactor Technology Highlighted
The Future of in the United States
Hitachi engineers guide the way for safe Learn More   
GE, Global Fuel Unveil Fuel Improvements
Jan 19, 2017
North Anna 3 Proposal Clears Safety Assessment
Can North America’s advanced reactor companies help save the planet?
Wilmington employees raise more than $400,000 for United Way of the Cape Fear Area
Wilmington Employees Raise Over $400,000 For United Way
3printers could slash lead times from years to months
signs Exelon in its largest power-plant software deal
and Southern Company Team Up to Power the Planet With Waste
When Wins, Wilmington Wins
Hitachi and Southern to Pair on Fast Reactor Design Advancement 
Hitachi and Southern are partnering on sodium fast reactor
and Southern team up on PRISM
Hitachi To Collaborate On Advanced Reactor Technology
Science Week Big Event Recap
Science Week Big Event Happening at UNCW
Oct 19, 2016
Going For Few Days In Wilmington
The Future Of Energy: Meet Eric Loewen
The benefits of standardisation for projects
Recognition sought for nuclear's unique attributes
high school planning revs up
G.E., the 124-Year-Old Software Start-Up
Schools Get Assist From Business Partnerships
engineers apply 3-printing to cut cost of parts replacement
Surfers introduce autistic children to the calming sea
Centers of Excellence
Predicting the Plant Issues
President & Calls for Federal Action to Support the Development of Advanced Reactors
Power: “Public Necessity”
Implements Newest Decontamination Solution
Hitatchi, Rosatom Fuel Alliance Moves Forward
Jul 19, 2016
Fuel Alliance Between and Moves Forward
Eyes “Infinite Returns” from Industrial Internet
Feedwater Debris Strainer Now Operating
Hitachi Picked for $2 Million Research Project
Advanced Reactor Framework Needed, Industry Says
GNF-and Will Jointly Fuel Pressurized Water Reactors
Hitachi, Duke To Bring Annual Science Event To Area
Hitachi as a Disruptive Technology
Nearly 2,000 Volunteer Time to "Work on Wilmington"
Leveraging Drones and Robots for O&Savings
First Hitachi Feedwater Debris Strainer Installed and Operating
reactor technology featured on Vietnam TV
Annual Summit Shows Girls Jobs Are Not Just For the Boys
Hitachi hosts Girls in Technology Summit at UNCW
Hitachi Reactor Inspection Tool Reaches Milestone
The World's Most Ethical Companies 2016
Local students take flight in Wilmington’s Science Olympiad
The Most Innovative Companies of 2016
Awarded Outage Services at FirstPower Plant
Expands Into Additional Field With Completion Of First Job
Completes 1st Pressurized Water Reactor Outage Project
As Boomers Retire, Companies Prepare Millennials for Leadership Roles
Cape Fear Museum awarded Foundation Grant
Global Fuel Lands New Fuel Contract With Washington Utility
Global Fuel awarded fuels contract
Big Data and the Industrial Internet Meet the Power Plant
Dec 19, 2015
gets $30,000 for scholarship fund
Hitachi donates $30,000 to begin an annual scholarship at Cape Fear Community College for Technology students
United Way Celebrates Potential Impact Of Campaign; Makes Other Grants
wins $70 million contract to service Browns Ferry
Expands Outage Services Market Share With New Contract
Bruce Power and GEH-Canada sign focused on innovation
New Hanover Regional Recognizes Wilmington
Operators deploying new data analysis tools focused on plant operations
GE, Alstom Deal Results In New For Hitachi
Hitachi Names Jay Wileman President & CEO
Editorial: Ex-Im bank means jobs for Wilmington
Lawmakers, business leaders split on funding Export-Import Bank
Oct 27, 2015
Vietnam agreement supports infrastructure development
Hitachi agrees to support Vietnam power infrastructure
Oct 19, 2015
How digital power plant tech can help utilities get the most from their assets
Hitachi To Pursue Reactor Partnership With Michigan Utility
GE's Digital Power Plant: Applying the Internet of Things to The Industry
World speaks to Hitachi's Jay Wileman
approves fuel innovation
Reactor Fuel Innovation Approved by NRC
shipping reactor pumps to Japan
Aug 19, 2015
GE's robotic inspector dives in containment vessels
Why not transform waste into wealth?
Area Businesses Presented With Safety Awards
Powering the Future
pushes for bank's reauthorization
Joint Venture Lands $100 Million-plus Contract
Chamber Focuses On Diversity In Business Community
Next generation fuel design revealed
Hitachi to enter market for pressurized water reactor services
Grants License To Build And Operate Fermi 3
Hitachi Employees Construct Oyster Reef for Work on Wilmington Service Day
Hitachi puts school work first
supplies 500th control rod blade
Hitachi unveils new reactor under-vessel training area
Hitachi unveils under-vessel training area
Hitachi unveils remote uncoupling tool
Hitachi reveals tool for power uncoupling
Game changer: aims to dethrone MOX
Christopher Pincher MP: The Government must not delay the clean-up of Sellafield
3 Ways General Electric Company Will Power the Future of Feb 23, 2015
Passively Safe Reactor
Hitachi, Vietnam Agency for Radiation and Safety sign MOU
Staff Recommends for Fermi 3 ESBWR
Future takes shape in 3D
Future takes shape in 3D
Staff Recommends for Fermi 3 ESBWR
Nebraska Power Plant Awards Contract To Fuel Unit
Wilmington employees raise nearly $500,000 for United Way of the Cape Fear Area
Fast-Acting Reactor Will Power Through Piles of Plutonium
Hitachi Selected by Department of to Lead Advanced Reactor Research and Development Project
Hitachi Gets Major Services Contract With Power Supplier
Oct 16, 2014
Vietnamese students to intern at Hitachi
approval of Hitachi reactor boosts its prospects: CEO
Hitachi Gets Approval for New Reactor
Why the Export-Import Bank Matters
Could This man Really Save the World?
Hitachi PRISM: Fourth-Generation Technology
Jul 22, 2014
Iberdrola joins Hitachi in plans
Nuclear: Closing the Fuel Cycle?
Hitachi backs to solve UK's waste problem
Step Aside, 3-Printing: This Is General Electric's Next Big Idea
No results Found!
Sorry, there are no results matching the criteria selected.
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.
Hitachi In the Community
Commitment to Safety
Meet Rob - GNF’s Fuel Reliability Engineer
 Patty McCumbee
Meet Patty McCumbee, the Introduction Program Manager for Global Fuel
Learn how Brand develops product strategies and portfolios that best align with our customer's needs
Meet Dr. Eric Loewen, who is leading our effort to deploy — the integral fast reactor.
Discover how Eric and his team are helping our customers achieve the next step change in performance
 Steve McIntosh
Meet Steve - GEH's product line manager for Services
Find out Kevin's key to success in developing high-performing teams and customer relationships
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.
Hitachi In the Community
Commitment to Safety
Date Range
Hitachi Completes Decommissioning Project at Reactor in Sweden
Hitachi Announces Intent to Acquire Specialized D&Expertise
Hitachi and Selected for Department of Energy’s Versatile Test Reactor Program
Global Fuel’s Awarded Long-Term Fuel Supply Contract by TVO
Department of Awards $33.7 Million to Strengthen the Resilience of Reactor Fuel
Hitachi Selected by Department of to Lead Advanced Technology Development Project for BWRX-300 with Exelon, Bechtel, and 
Global Fuel Awarded $250 Million-Plus Contract to Fuel Entergy Boiling Water Reactors 
Hitachi Announces Dominion as Investor in BWRX-300 Small Modular Reactor
Global Fuel’s Awarded Fuel Supply Contract by Vattenfall
Hitachi and Holtec Announce Cooperation to Accelerate Commercialization of SMR-160 Small Modular Reactor
Delivers Accident Tolerant Fuel Assemblies for Plant Installation
Hitachi and Announce Steps to Further Collaboration to Commercialize Advanced Small Modular Reactor
ACUMEN™ Core Monitoring System Now Operating at Two Power Plants
Industry Experts Gather for Fuel Symposium
GNF3 Fuel Product Completes Approved Process for New Fuel Product Introductions
Hitachi Awarded Outage Services Contract by Exelon Generation
Hitachi and Bechtel Form Decommissioning Alliance
Hitachi and Announce Cooperation to Accelerate Commercialization of Advanced Small Modular Reactor
Global Fuel Unveils Enhancements to Fuel Product
Hitachi Awarded Contract to Dismantle Swedish Reactors
Fortune 100 Company Exelon Chooses Predix to Accelerate Digital Transformation
Hitachi and Southern to Collaborate on Advanced Reactor Development and Licensing
Registration Now Open for Science Week Events
President & Calls for Federal Action to Support the Development of Advanced Reactors
Announces the First North American Implementation of its Latest Chemical Decontamination Solution
Hitachi Selected to Lead Department of Advanced Technology Research Project
Global Fuel and Sign Agreement to Fuel Pressurized Water Reactors
Southeastern North Carolina to Host Annual Science Celebration
Wilmington Site Earns Forest Stewardship Certification
First Hitachi Feedwater Debris Strainer Installed and Operating
Hitachi Remote-Operated-Vehicle Technology Reaches Inspection Milestone
Hitachi Awarded Outage Services Contract by FirstFeb 1, 2016
Hitachi Successfully Completes First Pressurized Water Reactor Outage with Exelon Generation at Ginna Power Plant
Global Fuel Awarded Fuels Contract by Northwest 
Hitachi Awarded Outage Services Contract by TVA
Hitachi Names Jay Wileman President & CEO
Power & Water and Alstom Power Combine to Form GE’s Largest Digital Industrial Business, Power
Hitachi Continues to Support the Building of Vietnam’s Power Infrastructure
Hitachi and to Advance Development
Hitachi and Exelon Generation Bring the Industrial Internet and Data Analytics to the Industry
Global Fuel Innovation Receives Regulatory Approval
Hitachi Delivers Safety Enhancement Solution to Customers in Japan
Power Wins Outage Services Work for Energy’s Fermi 2 Power Plant
Global Fuel Awarded $100+ Million Contract Extension
Global Fuel Introduces GNF3
Hitachi Congratulates on Fermi 3 License
Hitachi Delivers 500th Ultra Control Rod Blade
Hitachi Dedicates New Reactor Under-Vessel Training Area
New Hitachi Technology Makes a Difficult Task Simpler, Faster
Hitachi Signs Memorandum of Understanding with Vietnam Agency for Radiation and Safety 
Global Fuel Awarded $100 Million-Plus Lifetime Contract for Fuel Reloads at Cooper Station
No results Found!
Sorry, there are no results matching the criteria selected.
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.
Hitachi In the Community
Commitment to Safety
connected the first reactor to a commercial electricity grid
selected to support the Department of Energy's Versatile Test Reactor (VTR) program
Based in Wilmington, N.C., Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactors, fuel and services.
Established in 2007, is a global alliance created by and Hitachi to serve the global industry. The alliance executes a single, strategic vision to create a broader portfolio of solutions, expanding its capabilities for new reactor, fuel and service opportunities.
The alliance combines GE’s design expertise and history delivering reactors, fuels and services globally with Hitachi’s proven experience in advanced modular construction to offer customers around the world the technological leadership required to effectively enhance reactor performance, power output and safety.
operates training facilities in Wilmington and San Jose, California, and fuel manufacturing operations in Wilmington and Kurihama, Japan. 
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.RESOURCES
Hitachi is an important part of the communities we work and live in.
We take our responsibility to be a good steward of the environment and community seriously. We are dedicated to being a good neighbor and employer.
Our world headquarters in Wilmington, is nestled on more than 1,600 mostly wooded acres. The site is Forest Stewardship Certified by the North Carolina Forest Service, with more than 1,300 acres of preserved land adjacent to the Cape Fear River. Environmental experts closely monitor our activities at our sites and in the surrounding areas and communities through water, air, soil samples and other means.
Hitachi volunteers around the world have helped restore local coastal ecosystems, rebuilt affordable housing, mentored students in the areas of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) and assisted with career counselling and development in addition to supporting local and national charities including Work on Wilmington, the Food Bank of Central & Eastern North Carolina, Surfers Healing, Habitat for Humanity, Relay for Life, North Carolina Coastal Federation and many others.
Each year, Hitachi employees volunteer thousands of hours, supporting these and other important programs.
Hitachi’s efforts to protect the environment and invest in our communities have never been greater than they are today. It is our honor and responsibility to give back to the places we work and live.
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.power is a clean and efficient way of boiling water to make steam, which turns turbines to produce electricity. Except for the reactor itself, power stations work like most coal or gas-fired power stations.
power plants use low-enriched uranium fuel to produce electricity through a process called fission—the splitting of uranium atoms in a reactor. Uranium fuel consists of small, hard ceramic pellets that are packaged into long, vertical tubes. Bundles of this fuel are inserted into the reactor.
single uranium pellet, slightly larger than a pencil eraser, contains the same as a ton of coal, 3 barrels of oil, or 17,000 cubic feet of natural gas. Each uranium fuel pellet provides up to five years of heat for power generation. And because uranium is one of the world’s most abundant metals, it can provide fuel for the world’s commercial plants for generations to come.
power offers many benefits for the environment as well. Power plants don’t burn any materials so they produce no combustion by-products. Additionally, because they don’t produce greenhouse gases, plants help protect air quality and mitigate climate change.
When it comes to efficiency and reliability, no other electricity source can match nuclear. power plants can continuously generate large-scale, around-the-clock electricity for many months at a time, without interruption.
Currently, supplies 12 percent of the world's electricity and approximately 20 percent of the in the United States. As of 2014, a total of 30 countries worldwide are operating 435 reactors for electricity generation.
For decades, and Hitachi have been at the forefront of technology, setting the industry benchmark for reactor architecture and construction, and most importantly, helping utility customers operate their plants safely and reliably.
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.Eric Mino
Click this interactive flip book from Plant Journal to learn how is bringing the Industrial Internet to the industry
Eric Mino is the Strategic Account Executive for Exelon, supporting the Power Portfolio businesses, the Gas Lifecycle business, as well as Renewables, GE’s Digital business and Baker Hughes GE.
Eric joined in 2005 as a project manager in the Controls and Systems Upgrades group. During his time with GE, his career focus has been primarily on business development, commercial strategies, innovation, and digital controls.
Prior to GE, Eric worked for Siemens Building Technologies as a service account manager, service ops supervisor and a service sales executive. He has over twenty years of experience in the power generation and manufacturing industry with a mindset that enables him to thrive in any role. His secret? Customer-focused solutions and value.
MBA, Business Administration
Massachusetts Maritime Academy
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.Power
Patty McCumbee
“am proud to lead teams recognized in our industry for delivering exceptional fuel designs.  We are continuously innovating our products to improve the economic & reliability performance our customers demand.”
Masters in Material Science & Engineering
Member of the Women’s Network & the Society of Women Engineers at North Carolina State University
Technology Cultivator
Project Management 
Quality Assurance 
Patty McCumbee
Patty manages the New Product Introduction Program for Global Fuel (GNF). She spends her day providing oversight for new product and technology programs and multi-generational portfolio planning for in North America, Europe and Asia. In addition to providing leadership to multi-functional teams, she also leads the execution and growth strategy for all new products and new technologies in the fuels industry.
Prior to her current position, she served as a quality engineer for 12 years at both and Aviation. Before joining GE, she worked as a new product development engineer in the automotive industry for General Motors and as a materials analysis specialist for a variety of industries. 
North Carolina State University
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.
Hitachi In the Community
Commitment to Safety
Long Term Asset Management
Long Term Asset Management
Surface Mitigation Fact Sheet
offers a portfolio of services and programs aimed at maintaining, preserving, and enhancing plants.  Services range from water chemistry to power uprates, plant controls, and reactor modifications. The ultimate goal of the portfolio is to maximize output while maintaining the safe long-term operation of the plant.
GEH’s Buried Pipe Inspection Service offers industry intelligent, state-of-the-art, self-propelled robotic equipment that is capable of navigating complex underground piping systems, saving customers substantial time and money.
 Surface Mitigation (Water Jet and Laser Peening)
This solution addresses the concern of stress corrosion cracking by reducing residual tensile stress near metal surfaces and are effective in mitigating Intergranular Stress Corrosion Cracking (IGSCC) and fatigue failure.
 NUMAC
The Measurement Analysis and Control (NUMAC) product line is a best-in-class family of monitoring instruments designed to improve plant performance and increase plant longevity. 
 Spent Fuel Pool level monitor
Is a system that provides accurate measurement of the Spent Fuel Pool (SFP) water level and temperature. Through electronics located up to 1000 feet from the SFP, the system supports safe and efficient plant operation while meeting the world’s toughest seismic requirements.  It has been successfully deployed in Japan.
 RCMS
GEH’s newest digital system, the Rod Control Management System (RCMS) is a revolutionary, advanced digital control system designed to replace rod control and rod information systems in today’s operating plants.
 Jet Pump Anti-Vibration Solution
The Jet Pump Anti-Vibration Solution (AVS) utilizes hard stops, compliant stops, and slip joint clamps to mitigate vibration, making it a robust and effective way to address the issue.
ereplaces visual inspections and cumbersome radiography with quick and easy ultrasonic testing on a mobile platform.
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.
Hitachi In the Community
Commitment to Safety
Fuel manufacturing locations
For nearly 60 years, has been fueling the global industry.
Learn more about our fuel manufacturing locations.
Dedicated in 1969, our Wilmington fuel manufacturing operation has been helping our North American customers power industries and light millions of homes with safe, reliable, carbon-free power.
Also home to our global headquarters, our Wilmington site is nestled on over 1,500 acres.
Since 1970, has been helping our customers fuel the Japanese industry from our facility in Kurihama, Japan.
Over the past several decades the area around the plant has transitioned from primarily farmland to a diverse, industrial, mixed-use community with the plant as an important economic engine for the area and region.
Hitachi Hitachi (GEH) is a world-leading provider of advanced reactor technology and services.