Register Your Diamond
Certified Diamonds
Why Certification Matters
Understanding Light Performance
Find a Jeweler
 What makes one diamond more beautiful than another is the way it reflects and refracts light. scientifically measures the play of light in each diamond to certify its Light Performance.
It is easy to find someone to sell you a diamond. It’s much harder to find someone to help you buy.
Light Performance is not subjective.
With the Live Report, you can view a live, interactive version of your diamonds’ Certificate. Which means that you can watch the diamonds you are considering put on a light show wherever you are.
See the dramatic light performance difference in store in a side-by-side comparison.
Register Your Diamond
Certified Diamonds
Why Certification Matters
Understanding Light Performance
Frequently Asked Questions
Finding a Jeweler
Aruba
United States
 Privacy PolicyBright ideas for beautiful diamonds.
What makes one diamond more beautiful than another is the way it reflects and refracts light, better known as the diamond’s Light Performance. Brilliance (white Light), Fire (Color Light) and Scintillation (sparkle) are the three categories of a diamond’s light return.
was created to measure the play of light in a diamond and make it easier for diamond customers to know they are purchasing a beautiful diamond.
/ President / Co-Founder
Mr. Wagner is responsible for devising and executing GemEx’s Corporate Strategy. He brings many years of engineering and senior management experience to GemEx. Prior to GemEx, Mr. Wagner served as President of LambdaSpec Instruments, where he was responsible for the design, improvement and vision for the basic technology.
Before LambdaSpec, Randall spent 5 years developing weather satellite receiving for the Navy. The system he developed is being used aboard navy ships to obtain and analyze weather satellite images. Randall then spent 8 years developing computer interpretive electrocardiographs (EKG) and EEG’s.  He held senior management positions with Technologies (patient tracking devices) and Mortara Instrument. During his tenure at Mortara, a medical device manufacturer, the company grew from 10 employees to over 100 and $20 million in sales.
Vice President / Co-Founder
Mr. Schoeckert is responsible for design engineering and the production staff overseeing the assembly and maintenance of the instruments in the field as well as processing all incoming data files from customers. He has over 18 years of engineering and manufacturing experience in the medical instrumentation industry. He has moved through management roles of increasing responsibility in areas of engineering, manufacturing and technical support. Mr. Schoeckert also brings general management experience having been a member of the executive management committee at Mortara Instruments.
