Committed to an all-electric future.
The concept is electric, autonomous and ready for the toughest situations.
Women comprise 45% of GM’s Board of Directors making us a leader in board diversity. 
Chevy vehicles offer parents of teen drivers an in-vehicle report card.
Join us as we reinvent mobility
Be part of the movement. We're looking for idea people, adventure seekers and problem solvers to help us invent the future.
expands its peer-to-peer ride-sharing service to 10 cities
How went from bankrupt and on the brink of death to being one of the world's best-run car companies 
  Barra, who had run both entire factories and human resources before being tapped by the board to become CEO...
View All NewsCorporate Offers
The First Responder Discount Program is a great way for those who are always first on the scene to save hundreds, even thousands, on eligible, new Chevrolet, Buick, and Cadillac vehicles. Paid or volunteer Firefighters, Police — including Police Officers, Sheriffs/Sheriff’s Deputy, Correctional Officers, State Troopers and Federal Law Enforcement Officers — EMTs/ Paramedics and 911 Dispatchers can all enjoy these savings, with our thanks.
The Military Discount is an easy way to save hundreds, even thousands, on eligible, new Chevrolet, Buick, and Cadillac vehicles. Active Duty members, Reservists, National Guard members, Veterans within three years of discharge date and Retirees of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and Coast Guard can all take advantage of these helpful savings. Eligible military personnel are able to sponsor their spouse and household members.
Employees and eligible family members can purchase or lease an eligible, new Chevrolet, Buick, or Cadillac vehicle at the Employee Discount Price, a special discounted price below the Combine this discount with most current offers to save even more.
Eligible employees of Supplier companies can get great savings on eligible, new Chevrolet, Buick, and Cadillac vehicles with the Supplier Discount. Combine this discount with most current incentives for even bigger savings.
Value, meet Confidence. Purchase a Certified Pre-Owned vehicle and get new car confidence with a used car price. Find generous offers on a wide selection of vehicles reconditioned to our exacting standards. It’s no worries, on a whole new level.
If you are a college student, recent graduate or graduate student, you can receive a special discounted price that's below the This outstanding value can be applied to the purchase or lease of eligible, new Chevrolet, Buick and vehicles.
With the BuyPower Card®, each purchase gives you Earnings toward a new Chevrolet, Buick, or Cadillac vehicle. Every year, get 5% Earnings on the first $5,000 in purchases and then unlimited 2% Earnings on purchases after that.
Get the card that works as hard as you do. Build Earnings on business purchases with no limit to the amount you can earn or redeem toward a new vehicle and no expiration as long as your Account is open.
As an educator, you help shape the minds of tomorrow’s leaders. In appreciation of the hardworking education community, is proud to offer current employees of public schools, private schools, colleges and universities the Educator Discount. This program provides you with a special price on eligible, new Chevrolet, Buick and vehicles.
As an eligible Dealership employee, you can receive the same special savings our employees receive on eligible, new vehicles. Plus, you can maximize your savings by combining your discount with most current offers.About GM
We envision a future of zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion, and we have committed ourselves to leading the way toward this future.
has been pushing the limits of transportation and technology for over 100 years. Today, we are in the midst of a transportation revolution. And we have the ambition, the talent and the technology to realize the safer, better and more sustainable world we want.
As an open, inclusive company, we’re also creating an environment where everyone feels welcomed and valued for who they are. One team, where all ideas are considered and heard, where everyone can contribute to their fullest potential, with a culture based in respect, integrity, accountability and equality.
Our team brings wide-ranging perspectives and experiences to solving the complex transportation challenges of today and tomorrow.
At Motors, innovation is our north star. As the first automotive company to mass-produce an affordable electric car, and the first to develop an electric starter and air bags, has always pushed the limits of engineering.
is the only company with a fully integrated solution to produce self-driving vehicles at scale.
We are committed to an all-electric future.
2.6 billion miles have been driven by drivers of five electrified models, including the Chevrolet Bolt EV.
Our future depends on responsible stewardship of the earth, and we continually seek creative and innovative solutions for the environment. Our policies and technologies promote a cleaner planet from supply chain to manufacturing to the vehicles we put on the road.
Across 14 recent new-vehicle launches, we’ve trimmed an average of 357 pounds per vehicle, saving 35 million gallons of gasoline and avoiding 312,000 metric tons of CO2 emissions per year.
Today, our vehicle manufacturing process has the lowest environmental footprint in our history, thanks to steady progress toward achieving our 2020 operational commitments to reduce energy, carbon, water and waste intensity.
We are Motors. We transformed how the world moved through the last century. And we’re determined to do it again as we redefine mobility to serve our customers and shareholders and solve societal challenges.Leadership Team
We have the ambition, the talent and the technology to create a world with zero crashes, zero emissions and zero congestion.
Executive Vice President and President, North America
Senior Vice President & President and Chief Executive Officer, Financial
Senior Vice President, Global Communications, Company
Executive Vice President, Global Manufacturing, Company
Treasurer and Vice President of Investor Relations, Company
Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, Company
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Company
Deputy Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, Matt Tsien
Retired President & Chief Executive Officer, Harvard Management Company
Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chair of Kissinger Associates, Inc.
Retired Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, ConocoPhillips
Independent Lead Director, Company and Retired Chairman & Cummins, Inc.
Retired Dean, Ivey Business School, The University of Western Ontario
is committed to fostering smart, safe and sustainable communities around the world. Our social investments promote economic growth through education, vehicle and road safety and community development.
We want to build the next leaders and innovators in science, technology, engineering, and math.  This means making sure all kids and young adults have access to mentorship in this field. Especially kids from underrepresented and diverse groups.
We use the following tools to solve complex education challenges:
Exploring AI-powered technologies to facilitate teaching and learning in this space.
Using digital tools and resources to transform how learning is organized, delivered and experienced inside and outside the classroom.
With safety as our number one priority, is investing in nonprofit partnerships to increase safety in and around vehicles as we work toward a future with zero crashes. In the meantime, we are educating on the dangers of distracted driving, advocating for seatbelt usage and safe travel practices. We are also particularly committed to the safety of children and teens and champion for increased awareness, knowledge and skill of vehicles and road safety issues.
We are creating and supporting programs and initiatives that foster prosperity for the communities where we do business, around the world. Our focus is on improving social mobility for underrepresented children and families.
We work with partners to help solve complex social problems in the following areas:
Increased access and utilization to reliable, affordable, smart and innovative transportation options to help facilitate social inclusion.
Increase access to jobs with promising career paths and help develop skills in the areas of advanced manufacturing, technology, skilled trades and service technicians.
As home to our global headquarters, Detroit holds unique meaning to Motors. We are proud to give time and funding to support initiatives to help make the Motor City an attractive place to live, work and play. Our hometown grant funding is primary focused on education, sustainable employment, neighborhood revitalization and increased access to arts and cultural institutions.QUICKLY
engineers are mentoring the Mercy Midnight Storm, an all-girls team learning valuable skills by creating remote-controlled robots for competition.
Robotics is a big deal in Michigan, Motors’ home base since 1908. Our state currently has 508 youth robotics teams, more than any other state and nearly 200 more than second-place California.
Our commitment to robotics is one of several ways we’re encouraging students…to consider careers.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
The girls chose the name themselves. Mercy is a nod to their sponsor, the Mercy Education Project, a nonprofit that supports low-income girls and women and helps them succeed in education. “They chose Storm because of the female superhero,” Camps said. “They wanted the community to see them as superheroes motivating young girls to pursue Midnight was just an excuse to wear black.”
Camps and her husband, chassis engineer Ricardo Mercado-Perez, began mentoring students a few years ago and were asked to consider starting their own team. “said yes immediately,” Camps said. “said, ‘don’t need to think about it – this is awesome.’”
Our commitment to robotics is one of several ways is encouraging students — especially in multicultural communities with fewer exploration opportunities — to consider careers. For us to succeed in electrified and self-driving vehicles, cybersecurity and connectivity, we’ve got to nurture talented youth, including young women and girls who are underrepresented in professions.
The groups have just six weeks to go from sketch to battle-ready, so the pressure — and the fun — is intense. The girls meet at least 10 hours a week during build season at the Detroit Hispanic Development Corp, from January through May. They psych up for competition by wearing silver capes, lightning bolt logos and green and silver hair ribbons.
In their first year of competition they earned the prestigious Rookie All-Star award at the 2016 Robotics competition in Michigan, made the district event finals and went to Worlds in St. Louis. “It was the first time many of the girls had stepped out of Detroit and it was truly life-changing for them,” Camps said.
This year, Mercy Midnight Storm also spent time with our Chairman and Mary Barra.
“She was so nice and talked to them about college essays and how what they’re doing is so impactful for their future,” Camps said. “Seeing a female was really eye-opening for them.”
On the off-season, the team creates sustainability projects throughout the city, including a water collection system for an urban garden. The girls also mentor and coach an elementary robotics team and hope to start a middle school team. Two former team members are pursuing in college. Last year’s captain, Ashley Jones, is at the University of Michigan studying Biology, Health, and Society with a minor in the Environment on a full scholarship, and Nada Alhamdi is majoring in software engineering at the University of Michigan-Dearborn.
“These girls are going to have so much experience and be prepared to lead,” Camps said. “We have women leading in important areas in but think there’s opportunity for more. They’re getting ready to be those women.”