We're supporting tomorrow's scientists today with innovative new education programs.
At Home in South City
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
Terms & ConditionsConsidered the founder of the industry, Genentech, now a member of the Roche Group,                         has been delivering on the promise of biotechnology for over 40 years.
is a leading biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and                         commercializes medicines to treat patients with serious or life-threatening medical conditions. We                         are among the world's leading biotech companies, with multiple products on the market and a                         promising development pipeline.
Our Purpose: Doing now what patients need next
We believe it’s urgent to deliver medical solutions right now – even as we develop                         innovations for the future. We are passionate about transforming patients’ lives. We are                         courageous in both decision and action. And we believe that good business means a better                         world.
That is why we come to work each day. We commit ourselves to scientific rigor, unassailable                         ethics, and access to medical innovations for all. We do this today to build a better                         tomorrow.
We are proud of who we are, what we do, and how we do it. We are many, working as one across                         functions, across companies, and across the world.
The three Roche values—Integrity, Courage, and Passion—are core to how we want to                         behave, as individuals and collectively as an organization.
Passion means we use our drive and commitment to energize, engage and                             inspire others.
Courage means we are entrepreneurial and thus take risks, reach beyond                             boundaries and experiment.
Integrity means we are consistently open, honest, ethical and genuine.
These values define fundamental attributes for guiding decisions and actions leading to increased                         innovation and business performance.
became a member of the Roche Group in March of 2009. As part of their merger                         agreement, Roche and combined their pharmaceutical operations in the United                         States. Genentech's South San Francisco campus now serves as the headquarters for Roche                         pharmaceutical operations in the United States. Research and Early Development                         operates as an independent center within Roche.
http://www.gene.com/about-usSearch
Paste this link in an email to share.
We know that finding the right partner makes everything possible. Today, approximately 50% of Genentech’s pipeline and marketed products derive from successful collaborations with companies and institutions from around the world.
Our Partnering team is passionate about creating value for everyone involved – people living with serious diseases, our partners, and the company as a whole.
Ongoing collaborations around the world
More than 40 years ago, was born out of a partnership – 
 and his research colleague, Stanley Cohen, which led to the scientific breakthrough of engineering recombinant human into bacteria. That collaboration laid the foundation for and the entire biotechnology industry.
Developing partnerships with companies and institutions around the globe that share our passion for advancing science has been one of our key strategies for success. and Roche combined their operations in 2009, and since then, our research and early development group has continued to embrace the spirit of a start-up, operating as an independent R&center 
To learn more about the most important factors a company should consider when looking for a partner, watch the video below.
The Value of the Right Partner
whirlwind career as a physician, scientist and entrepreneur eventually landed James Sabry at Genentech.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
Today, approximately 50% of Genentech’s pipeline and marketed products derive from successful collaborations with companies and institutions from around the world.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
                    The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.
We achieve our corporate goals by employing best-of-class practices in the                         acquisition of goods and services and by seeking optimal value and quality at the best price                         with qualified suppliers.
As a supplier, your business supports Genentech's mission and values. At Genentech, we commit                         ourselves to high standards of integrity in contributing to the best interests of patients, the                         medical profession, our employees and our communities. Suppliers are expected to understand and                         embrace these ideas when conducting business with and the supplier's partners.
Suppliers play an important part in our success. As such, we request that, in the course of                         conducting business with Genentech, suppliers refrain from conduct that is outside our ethical                         boundaries.
We expect our suppliers to practice the following ethical standards:
Do not seek information about other suppliers (prices, services, performance,                                 etc.).
Do not provide gifts or entertainment of more than minimal value.
http://www.gene.com/about-us/suppliersSearch
Paste this link in an email to share.
engages in research, development, manufacture, and marketing of
                        biotechnology products for serious or life-threatening diseases. As a fundamental part of our
These high standards are important to our success and represent how we operate as a business.
                        These standards, which we call the Pharma Code of Conduct, apply to our officers and
                        employees, as well as to our directors in their activities on our behalf.
 is to assist us in maintaining compliance with the laws, regulations and company
                        directives and guidance, to train our employees on these matters and to prevent, detect, and
gCom is our Compliance and Ethics Phone Line. We created gCom to provide a confidential way for
                        our employees, vendors and others to report issues, complaints or concerns about a suspected
                        breach in ethics, compliance requirements, financial accounting or financial auditing matters,
                        or company policy that has the potential to result in criminal or civil liability for the company.
supports a variety of organizations in areas including improving the lives of patients, furthering research and education efforts, and strengthening our communities.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
                    The important thing in science is not so much to obtain new facts as to discover new ways of thinking about them.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
As the founders of the biotechnology industry, our goal is to use the power of                         genetic engineering and advanced technologies to make medicines that address unmet medical                         needs, and help millions of people worldwide.
In The Beginning
Our founders, Herb Boyer and Bob Swanson conceived of over a friendly                                         drink.
After we chose to locate in South San Francisco, the area became the heart of the                                         biotech industry.
In The Beginning
Our founders, Herb Boyer and Bob Swanson conceived of over a friendly                                         drink.
http://www.gene.com/about-us/leadershipOur Approach
We know that great science doesn't happen in a vacuum. We look to partner with the best and the brightest in the industry to advance research and bring new treatments to patients.
We’re known for exceptional science and pioneering medical breakthroughs . We bring that same innovative and entrepreneurial spirit to our partnerships.
For every new partnership, we structure the deal to reflect our partner's unique attributes and our combined drive to do the best science we can. We strive to work with the top scientists in the world, in a broad set of therapeutic areas, with the best tools and technologies, all with a singular goal: to help patients by enhancing our scientific drug discovery and development efforts.
We want to build partnerships that create the most value for everyone involved.
We’re flexible. Our business development team custom designs collaborations to meet each partner’s needs. Deal structures range from traditional milestone and royalty deals to acquisitions and options. We often fund collaborative research.
We welcome opportunities to collaborate at any stage of discovery or development, between research and clinical proof-of-concept in the following areas:
Today, approximately 50% of Genentech’s pipeline and marketed products derive from successful collaborations with companies and institutions from around the world.
It is important for both partners to have a productive business relationship as well as complementary scientific contributions. We typically provide an alliance manager as a main contact for business and relationship matters once the collaboration begins. This helps both teams stay focused on advancing science and delivering benefit to patients.
How the alliance manager benefits our partnerships:
Serves as a responsive resource to address business-related matters.
Anticipates needs in support of major decisions and events.
Engages with governance committees for strategic alignment.
Ensures a smooth transition to Roche's global development organization following Phase proof-of-concept.
http://www.gene.com/partners/our-approachSearch
Paste this link in an email to share.
If you would like to partner with Genentech,  please provide a detailed non-confidential  package that describes the opportunity, including  scientific supporting data, such as mechanism of action for potential new medicines. 
Over the last 40 years, we’ve created some very important partnerships that have led to groundbreaking discoveries.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
We are headquartered in South San Francisco, California.
We're proud to have been recognized for the past 20 years as one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies To Work For.
Living 10 Years in the Future
Mike Varney, head of Research and Early Development, explains how this culture of innovation is helping to solve some of the hardest biomedical problems of our time.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
We are regularly recognized as leaders in the biotechnology industry. We also receive                         recognition and awards for our overall performance as a company, our dynamic workplace culture,                         our contributions to the community and our patient advocacy. Here are some of our most recent                         achievements.
In November 2018, was named one of the “100 Best Workplaces For Diversity” by magazine.
The annual list includes companies in the doing the most to create inclusive cultures for women, people of color, people, employees who are Boomers or older, and people who have disabilities.
To identify the 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity, partnered with the people analytics firm, Great Place to Work®, to analyze anonymous survey feedback representing more than 4.4 million employees.
Excellence in Business Award (Ebbie) for Corporate Social Responsibility
In November 2018, received the 2018 Excellence in Business Award for Corporate Social Responsibility from the San Francisco Chamber of Commerce in recognition of our commitment to education.
The Excellence in Business Awards (Ebbies) were created in 1991 by the Chamber to honor San Francisco businesses for their innovation, to celebrate their vision and publicly appreciate their contributions to the quality of life in the community and at their workplace.
The annual list recognizes women who have risen to the top of the life sciences field and are paving the way for those who come after them.
Previous recipients of this award include Nancy Valente, Vice President, Global Hematology Product Development (2016) and Sandra Horning, Chief Medical Officer and Head of Global Product Development (2014).
The list recognizes the most impressive doctors and researchers on the cusp of launching their careers. All are blazing new trails as they attempt to answer some of the biggest questions in science and medicine.
In October 2018, was named one of the “100 Best Workplaces for Women” by Magazine. was recognized for the company’s diversity and inclusion initiatives and high percentage of women in management positions.
recognizes companies that are making strides in creating office cultures that cater to the female workforce. This list ranks companies based on the survey results of thousands of women at companies across the country to develop a list of workplaces that go above and beyond for their female employees.
In October 2018, was named one of the "Top Twenty Employers" in biotechnology and pharmaceuticals by Science Magazine.
This is the 17th consecutive year has been honored on this list. has been ranked the #1 company eight times.
The annual list includes companies with the best reputations as employers based on company innovation, social responsibility, employee relations and workplace cultural excellence.
In May 2018, Rhona O’Leary, Global Head of Portfolio and Product Development Strategy, and Katie Peng, Senior Vice President, Business Unit, were named by the San Francisco Business Times as "Most Influential Women in Business." Each year, the San Francisco Business Times honors top women executives at Bay Area corporations and large public, nonprofit and government organizations who make a difference in their companies, industries and communities. Both women were recognized for their inclusive leadership styles and ability to unite and manage global teams to drive success for the organization.
The San Francisco Business Times has named several previous honorees to its "Forever Influential" Honor Roll, including Sandra Horning, Chief Medical Officer, Global Head of Product Development; Nancy Vitale, Vice President of Human Resources and Regional Head, Pharma North America; and Wendy Young, Vice President, Discovery Chemistry.
100 Best Companies to Work For
In February 2018, magazine named one of its “100 Best Companies to Work For” for the 20th consecutive year. was listed as 8th on this year’s list.
To identify the 100 Best Companies to Work For, continued its partnership with the Great Place to Work Institute (GPTWI) to conduct an extensive employee survey of corporate America, with feedback from more than 315,000 people.
Two-thirds of a company’s score is based on the results of the GPTWI’s Trust Index Survey, which is sent to a random sample of employees from each company. The survey seeks to measure companies on the following characteristics: Great Place to Work for All, executive team effectiveness, innovation, and people-focused program. In a Great Place to Work for All, employees report high levels of trust, credible and respectful leadership, pride in the work, and camaraderie. The also looks to see that employees consistently experience a great workplace, regardless of who they are or what they do.
In July 2018, the San Francisco Business Times ranked number 6 on its list of "Top Corporate Philanthropists in the Bay Area.”
This is the 13th consecutive year has appeared on the list.
Each year the San Francisco Business Times lists the top 100 companies located in the Bay Area who gave the most back to the community in the past year. Chosen by the San Francisco Business Times staff, the criteria for being considered for this list includes cash donations, volunteer hours, pro bono work and in-kind giving, all of which combine to support creating vibrant and healthy Bay Area neighborhoods.
In December 2017, the Nature Index ranked Roche/number 2 on its list of the “Top 100 Corporations” based on the output of high-quality science from 2012 to 2016. Roche/was also the highest-ranked biotech or pharmaceutical company on the list. The Nature Index database regularly tracks the affiliations of high-quality natural science articles and charts publication productivity for institutions and countries.
The Corporate Equality Index is the national benchmarking tool on corporate policies and practices pertinent to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer employees. total of 609 businesses achieved the distinction of best places to work for equality in the 2018 Report.
In September 2017, Magazine included on the list of “100 Best Workplaces for Women.”  was recognized for the company’s diversity & inclusion initiatives and high percentage of women in management positions.
Fortune recognizes companies that are making strides in creating office cultures that cater to the female workforce. This list ranks companies based on the survey results of thousands of women at companies across the country to develop a list of workplaces that go above and beyond for their female employees.
In September 2017, Working Mother magazine named one of the “100 Best Companies” for working mothers, marking the company’s 24th appearance on the list. was specifically included in the 2017 list for creating a more flexible workplace for working mothers.
Employers are honored with this award for offering a broad array of support – from flexible work and mentoring to affordable childcare and paid leave – designed to create a culture that allows all employees to flourish both at home and at work. This list ranks companies based on their leave policies, workforce representation, benefits, child care, advancement programs and flexibility policies.
Best Places to Work in IT
In June 2017, Computerworld ranked number 8 among large companies on its list of the “100 Best Places to Work in IT.” This is Genentech’s ninth year on the list. was also ranked number 3 overall for employee benefits.
To select and rank the top workplaces for professionals, Computerworld surveyed more than 450 companies about compensation, promotions, turnover, professional development opportunities, workplace culture, employee benefits and diversity among their staff. In a separate employee survey, the staff at each company were asked to rate their satisfaction with several key aspects of their jobs and workplaces.
When scoring survey responses, Computerworld weighted each company’s results based on employee ratings of how important each workplace aspect or benefit was to them. Approximately half of the total scoring was based on employee responses, with the remainder based on the survey of the company’s benefits and other programs.
In May 2017, the American Chemical Society inducted to the Heroes of Chemistry hall of fame for the discovery and development of the first medicine approved for the treatment of metastatic or locally advanced basal cell carcinoma.
The is a nonprofit organization chartered by the Congress. is the world’s largest scientific society and a global leader in providing access to chemistry-related research through its multiple databases, peer-reviewed journals and scientific conferences. does not conduct research, but publishes and publicizes peer-reviewed scientific studies.
In May 2017, DiversityInc named to its list of the “Top 50 Companies for Diversity,” as well as its list of the “Top 12 Companies for Employee Resource Groups.”
DiversityInc’s Top 50 list ranks companies on their diversity management initiatives. The rankings are based on corporate survey submissions from more than 1,600 companies. Companies are evaluated within the context of their own industries on four equally weighted areas: supplier diversity, talent pipeline, equitable talent development and CEO/senior leadership commitment.
In February 2017, magazine ranked number 12 on its list of the "Top 50 Workplaces for Giving Back." The list recognizes companies that provide their employees with the opportunity to make a positive impact both on and off the job. It is Genentech’s second year on the list.
To identify the honorees, and Great Place to Work surveyed more than 350,000 randomly-selected employees and collected program information from nearly 600 organizations.  Employees are asked detailed questions about how proud they are of their impact on the community, the difference they feel they make, amd whether their work has special meaning.
In November 2016, the Silicon Valley Business Journal ranked on its list of the “Top 50 Corporate Philanthropists In Silicon Valley.” This is the second consecutive year has been honored on this list.
Silicon Valley Business Journal’s Top 50 list recognizes companies who went “above and beyond” to support Silicon Valley’s nonprofit organizations. Based on employee volunteer hours and company charitable contributions, the list honored leading companies who helped nonprofit organizations in Silicon Valley in unique and generous ways.
In August 2016, US2020 awarded with a Mentoring Award in the Excellence in Public-Private Partnerships category. This new award highlights innovative collaborations in mentoring that eliminate barriers for underserved and underrepresented students and communities.
This award serves as a platform to celebrate and encourage exceptional work in the mentoring field, building recognition for mentoring as an important tool in education reform.
Genentech’s Futurelab program partners with the South San Francisco Unified School District to provide employees who mentor students from kindergarten through high school, creating opportunities for students to develop relationships with professionals.
In Spring 2016, Woman Engineering Magazine included on its list of “Top 50 Employers” as part of the Reader’s Choice Awards. This is the second consecutive year has been featured on this list.
Readers of Woman Engineer were asked to name employers who they would most like to work for provide a positive working environment for women.
Vishva Dixit awarded 2016 Trinity College Dublin Dawson Prize in Genetics
Trinity College Dublin Dawson Prize in Genetics
On February 16, 2016, Vishva Dixit, Ph.D., Vice President, Physiological Chemistry, received the 2016 Trinity College Dublin Dawson Prize in Genetics for his groundbreaking work on cellular death receptor signaling and inflammation.
The Dawson Prize in Genetics has been awarded every two years since 2006 to a geneticist of international prominence as chosen by the faculty of The Smurfit Institute of Genetics at Trinity College Dublin. Previous recipients of the prize include Nobel laureate Sir John Sulston (2006) and Lasker awardee Mary Claire King (2010). The prize was established by a gift from Dr. George Dawson, founder of the Department of Genetics at Trinity College.
In January 2016, was selected a Top 50 Employer by Equal Opportunity as part of the Reader’s Choice Awards. Equal Opportunity honors this list with top companies who provide a positive working environment for members of minority groups.
Honorees for this award were identified by readers of Equal Opportunity, who were asked to name the employers who they would most like to work or that they believe strive to develop an encouraging environment to ensure success for all employees. Employers included on this list were ranked according to the frequency they were cited by respondents.
In January 2016, The National Mentoring Partnership recognized in its Corporate Mentoring Challenge Honor Roll.
This award acknowledges corporations for their outstanding contributions to advancing quality mentoring opportunities for young people and commitment to the Corporate Mentoring Challenge over the last five years. The Corporate Mentoring Challenge was launched by former First Lady, Michelle Obama, calling on business of all sizes and from all sectors to allow their employees to mentor for short periods of the work day, giving children positive role models and offering employees a way to give back.
Joe Arron elected to the American Society of Clinical Investigation
In January 2016, Joe Arron, M.D, Ph.D., director of Immunology Discovery, was elected to membership in the American Society of Clinical Investigation (ASCI) for his scientific accomplishments that have changed the therapeutic paradigm for the treatment of asthma and, potentially, other pulmonary diseases.
Election to membership in the recognizes significant research contributions that extend biological understanding and improve treatment of human diseases. Founded in 1908, the is one of the nation’s oldest and most respected medical honor societies.
10 Best Workplaces for Asian Americans
In November 2015, magazine named to its inaugural list of the “10 Best Workplaces for Asian Americans.”
To identify the 10 Best Workplaces for Asian Americans, relied on survey data collected from minority employees at more than 600 companies for its 50 Best Workplaces for Diversity survey. To be eligible for the list, each company needed stronger representation of Asian Americans within their organization than exists in the United States workforce overall. Companies that met these criteria were then ranked based on how Asian American employees’ scored their workplace experiences in the survey.
Fred de Sauvage named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
American Association for the Advancement of Science
In November 2015, Frederic de Sauvage, Ph.D., Vice President, Molecular Oncology, was named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) in the section of biological sciences for his distinguished contributions to the field of molecular and translational oncology, particularly for advancing targeted therapies for the treatment of basal cell carcinoma.
Since 1874, the elects Fellows annually to recognize members for their scientifically or socially distinguished efforts to advance science or its applications. The is the world’s largest scientific society and is dedicated to advancing science for the benefit of all people.
Healthiest Companies to Work for in America
In October 2015, was named one of the “Healthiest Companies to Work For in America” by Greatist.com in the Big Companies (5,000-19,999 employees) category. This was Genentech’s third time to be named to the list.
Greatist.com selected companies with not only exemplary health benefits, but with perks that go above and beyond the norm to help employees live their healthiest lives.
In May 2015, received the Allicense Breakthrough M&Deal of the Year award from Thomson Reuters for its acquisition of Seragon for a portfolio of investigational next-generation selective estrogen receptor degraders (SERDs). The annual Breakthrough award honors creative partnering efforts for top global deals in M&and Biopharmaceutical Licensing.
Thomson Reuters Recap analysts examined hundreds of biopharma deals negotiated in 2014 and used both subjective and objective criteria to identify the top five most innovative M&and Licensing deals. The winners were selected by public vote.
In 2015 Minority Engineer Magazine released its “Top 50 Employers” list, ranking number 31 amongst other top national and global corporations.
Honorees for this award were identified by readers of Minority Engineer, noting which employers they would most like to work or that they believe would provide a positive working environment for members of minority groups.
http://www.gene.com/about-us/awards-recognitionmap-marker
has requested that all key suppliers that supply materials for use in our                         products comply with the Roche Supplier Code of Conduct, or an equivalent code of conduct.                         is in the process of ensuring that all suppliers have equivalent code or agree to the                         Roche Supplier Code of Conduct.
The Roche Supplier Code of Conduct provides, among other things, that our suppliers may not use                         any form of child, involuntary, or slave labor in the manufacture of the goods that are                         incorporated into products that we sell. We have the right to audit our suppliers and we conduct                         or use third parties to conduct routine announced audits of suppliers on a periodic basis. These                         audits look at numerous issues, including issues related to child, involuntary or slave labor in                         the supply chain. If any supplier is found to have used child, involuntary, or slave labor in                         the manufacture of products supplied to us, we will cancel all outstanding orders with such                         supplier. Because of the overwhelmingly positive response to Genentech's request that vendors                         comply with the Code, we have not required independent certifications of compliance.
We have conducted internal training on issues related to child, involuntary and slave labor with                         all of our global sourcing staff who have direct responsibility for supply chain management, as                         well as certain other management personnel and product buyers. Any employee who fails to abide                         by our procedures regarding forced labor will be subject to disciplinary action, including                         potential termination.
http://www.gene.com/about-us/california-transparency-lawSearch
Paste this link in an email to share.
and Roche maintain independent R&organizations served by separate business development groups. Partnering supports the Research and Early Development group, responsible for developing drug candidates from discovery through proof-of-concept in people.
With a separate budget and independent decision-making, we pursue our own R&collaborations with companies and academic institutions from all over the world. Then we leverage the Roche global infrastructure for late-stage development, 
 and commercialization.
look at our approvals past and present.
Partnering is a relatively new phenomenon for biopharmaceutical companies, but collaboration has been part of Genentech’s from the beginning.
Listen to our podcast, where researchers talk about their work answering the toughest questions in human biology.
Tell us what you think about our company, products, or website.
                    The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not "Eureka!" but "That’s funny…"
How to invest in Roche and The Roche Group (of which is a wholly-owned member) is traded in the United States as a U.S.-dollar denominated American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) on the International Premier market under the stock symbol: RHHBY.
ADRs are dollar-denominated securities which represent ownership of equity in non-companies. The stocks of most foreign companies that trade in the markets are traded as ADRs issued by depositary banks.
The Roche ADRs trade, clear and settle just like any U.S.-listed company shares and can be bought or sold through any registered brokerage (including online brokerages such as Ameritrade, E-Trade, Scottrade, etc.). Roche holders are entitled to dividend payments.
The underlying Roche Group security (Roche Holding AG) is listed on the Swiss Exchange (Switzerland’s principal stock exchange) under the stock symbols stock symbols (voting share) and (non-voting equity security) and adheres to strict financial reporting standards and regulations. Roche’s (RHHBY) represents ownership of equity in ROG.SW, where eight (8) Roche ADRs represent one (1) underlying non-voting equity security. Since ADRs are based on the common shares of the non-company, the price of an will often move in sync with the price of the underlying common shares once the to common share ratio and currency rate is considered.
Note a) The number of ADRs in issue varies depending on demand and conversion in and out of the underlying non-voting equity security (NES)
The Roche facility was initiated in 1992 when one (1) represented one hundredth (1/100) of one underlying non-voting equity security. The current ratio is a result of several splits and ratio changes.
Note b) On 3 April 2001, the Board of Directors approved a 100 for 1 split of the non-voting equity security. This was followed by an opposite 1 for 100 change in the to ratio. As a result, no new ADRs were distributed
Note c) Declared date is the date of approval of the proposed dividend at the Annual General Meeting
Note d) Ex-dividend date is the first date where trading takes place without dividend
Note e) Record date is the last date on which the security must be held in custody in order to be eligible to receive dividend (as settlement typically takes place trading day + 3 days)
Note f) Dividends are subject to Swiss withholding tax of 35% at the time of initial payment. For holders, the depositary bank performs a tax reclaim process with the Swiss tax authorities. The actual dividend tax paid depends on the specific tax status of the dividend recipient. For the amount listed in the net dividend column, a 15% tax rate has been assumed plus a dividend, reclaim and payment fee of $0.0200 (-2016) per The tax reclaim process causes a difference in timing between the record date and the pay date. Roche is considered a qualified foreign corporation for tax purposes. For further tax questions, please consult a tax advisor
An American Depositary Receipt (ADR) represents ownership in the shares of a non-company that trades in financial markets. The Roche (stock symbol: RHHBY) allows investors to buy or trade locally in Roche Group shares, which are otherwise listed on the Swiss Exchange.
The Roche is denominated in dollars, allowing investors to realize any dividend or capital gains, where applicable, in dollars. The dividend tax reclaim process is also taken care of by Morgan, Roche’s depositary bank and simplified for investors (typically reducing dividend tax to the level, with the actual tax rate depending on the investor’s individual circumstances).
Global custodian safekeeping fees are also eliminated, which usually make holding the ADRs less expensive. Through the 8:1 split of the Roche to its Swiss non-voting equity security, the price per share is also lower and makes investing in Roche more accessible to individual investors.
In 2010, Roche initiated a dividend reinvestment program through the depositary bank, Morgan Chase, to all registered holders. Through the plan, Roche holders can arrange to reinvest all or part of their dividend in the purchase of additional ADRs. For more information, please see the brochure at the Learn more about section of this page.
In 2006, to facilitate expanded market access and secondary trading, the Roche obtained a securities manual listing by Standard & Poor’s Standard Corporation Records.
Information about buying and selling the Roche as well as information about dividend payments should be addressed to your bank or broker.
Morgan Chase sponsors and administers the Roche facility. The Morgan shareholder services can be contacted as follows:
Email:  jpmorgan.adr@wellsfargo.com
Questions about Roche, its business and products should be addressed to Investor Relations North America:
