Tour our Innovation Center
Better and more sustainable products
Better and more sustainable products
we develop and deliver commercial-grade, cost-effective bioprocesses
computation | microorganism design | process design | techno-economics | technology transfer
feasibility | enzyme engineering | yield maximization | process design
First 600 tons of Brontide now shipping
Brontide has 50% lower global warming potential, per LCA
$90 million financing to accelerate new products; strengthens Ginkgo partnership
We develop commercial biobased processes to make widely-used chemicals that enable better, more sustainable everyday products . That enables our partners and leading brands to offer better food packaging, auto parts, clothing, tires, carpets, and more.
We’ve commercialized processes for bio-(for plastics) and for biobased butylene glycol (for cosmetics); and our technology drives the world’s first commercial-scale biobased plant for a major intermediate chemical. We’re working on polyamide intermediates (nylon) and on butadiene (tires); and we’re helping numerous companies with their bioprocesses. We have more on the way.
Our technology leadership begins with our foundation in computation and modeling, and combines bioprocess and microorganism design with production economics and technology transfer in a total solutions approach. Our ability to “program biology” keeps getting better, and includes an alliance with Ginkgo Bioworks that leverages their automated foundries to accelerate construction of our strain designs. Our intellectual property includes over 800 patents and applications. We have earned widespread acclaim for our achievements.
High-performance clothing made by Far Eastern New Century with Genomatica’s bio-BDO
Tour our Innovation Center
is committed to providing exciting career opportunities in an environment that values trust, respect, openness, teamwork, creative talent, enthusiasm, and diligence. We are looking for innovative, motivated and uniquely talented people who enjoy the challenges and rewards of a fast-growing company devoted to commercializing cutting-edge technology. is an equal opportunity employer.
 match yours? We want to hear from you. Please apply for the positions below, or check back often as we regularly add new positions – and 
 for the latest news and postings.
Lead the irresistible transition to sustainable materials through our technology and, united with industry leaders, make our world a better place.
Results count. Commitments count. Integrity and honesty are absolutes.
We invent, experiment and create—across our entire business. We seek out and embrace differences, to help us think differently.
We work better together. Shared mission. Shared accountability. Shared learning. Shared success.
We don’t give up. We strive for excellence. Our passion flows from our shared vision.
Tour our Innovation Center
Brontide has 50% lower global warming potential, per LCA
An integrated biotechnology platform for sustainable chemicals
Economics, Scale-up and Technology Transfer
Best practices for pilot and demo-scale
