Driven by science, inspired by patients
years pioneering research for patients living with rare genetic conditions
SCLEROSIS
million people living with multiple sclerosis worldwide
therapies approved for immune-mediated diseases with several more in clinical trials
late-stage research programs focused on discovering new options for cancer patients
Living with Fabry Disease Then and Now
SCLEROSIS
Conversation with Multiple Sclerosis Researcher, Evis Havari
Research Pipeline
Patient Access to Treatment
This site is intended for United States residents only.
OKCommitted to making a positive impact on the lives of patients
Global employees working at the forefront of healthcare and biotechnology
of patients around the world who inspire us daily
As the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, our work is focused in the areas of rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, oncology, and immunology. Each day we continue to advance new therapies, demonstrating our commitment to making a positive impact on the lives of patients around the world.
The evolution of Sanofi Learn about our background, evolution, and business priorities, as well as key facts and figures.
Our executive leaders bring a breadth and depth of knowledge and experience to guide our business and key areas of focus.
Working at Sanofi Why work here? Because it's more than a job. It's the opportunity to build a rewarding career at a company that's as committed to our employees as we are to our patients.
We are the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, focused on rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, oncology and immunology.
Supporting Global Rare Disease Advocacy
Living with Fabry Disease Then and Now
Conversation with Multiple Sclerosis Researcher, Evis Havari
Discovering Hope
Seeking Rare Answers
Community at Work
Living with Gaucher Disease: Suyog
Living with Gaucher Disease: Zhengtao
Living with Gaucher Disease: Amr
Striving to Be Superman: Jeremy's Rheumatoid Arthritis Story
Pushing through the Pain: Lisa’s Rheumatoid Arthritis Story
Persistence and Accidental Inspiration Propel Parkinson’s Research
SCLEROSIS
Smooth Operator: The Role of an One to One Nurse
Tribute to Henri Termeer
The Great Unknown: The Path to an Diagnosis
Skin in the Game – Lindsay's Story: Living with Atopic Dermatitis
Marathon Teammates; Partners for Life
Rare Commitment: Providing Humanitarian Treatment Around the World
The Sound of Silence: One Woman's Atopic Dermatitis Journey from Education to Empowerment
Supporting Global Rare Disease Advocacy: 2016 Awards Grant Recipients
No Place Like Home: Employees Help Two Local Families Find a Place to Call "Home"
In Sickness and In Health
Serious Addiction: Fighting the Opioid Crisis in Massachusetts
More than Skin Deep: The Challenges of Living with Atopic Dermatitis
Legends in the Halls: 25 Years of Treatment for Gaucher Patients
SCLEROSIS
vs.Interpreted: An Artistic Expression of the Physical and Emotional Impact of MS
25 Years of Humanitarian: Creating Patient Advocates
Plan Bee: Combating the Declining Bee Population
Transforming "From Darkness to Hope" for Patients in Pakistan
25 Years of Humanitarian: Helping Patient Around the World Get Access to Free Treatment
SCLEROSIS
Cycling for a Cause: One Employee's Motivation for Taking on Bike MS
Awards – Empowering and Supporting Patient Organizations
SCLEROSIS
vs.Sheds Light on and Addresses the True Impact of MS
This site is intended for United States residents only.
OKAs the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi, we are focused on rare diseases, multiple sclerosis, immunology, and oncology. More than 30 years since we began, we remain just as committed to and passionate about advancing therapies that offer hope to patients and families.
Our approach is shaped by a long history of developing highly specialized treatments and forging close relationships with physician and patient communities. Founded as in Boston in 1981, we rapidly grew to become one of the world’s leading biotechnology companies, recognized for our pioneering development of treatments for rare genetic disorders and our innovative contributions to medical science and biomanufacturing.
became part of Sanofi in 2011. While continuing to focus on rare diseases, we also established ourselves as a leader in the field of multiple sclerosis. In 2016, our focus expanded to include Sanofi’s programs in oncology and immunology.
Spirit of Hope - History of 1981-2012
As a pioneer of the biotechnology movement in the early 1980s, has always been driven by cutting-edge science and a commitment to developing treatments for unmet medical needs. In this video, former David Meeker, former Henri Termeer, and patients share how has continued to build on this foundation over the past three decades.
Our ambition is to be the industry leader in specialty care. We currently provide more than 20 treatments to patients globally, with many potential new therapies being studied in clinical trials and in Sanofi laboratories.
Driven by our commitment to patients, we strive to develop strong relationships with our patient communities, listening to their perspectives so that we can truly understand their needs. These collaborations continue to guide and motivate us as we work to push the boundaries of medicine and technology to develop new and better therapies where none existed before.
Corporate   responsibility
Our Leadership
Our Leadership
Bill Sibold, Executive Vice President and Head of Sanofi “We have to be focused on the science, focused on the patients—that is the core of what we do. If we do that right, we can ultimately be successful.”
Carole Huntsman
North America Head of Multiple Sclerosis, Oncology and Immunology
Ethics & Business Integrity Global Business Partner
Head of Emerging Markets
Global Head of Rare Diseases
Robert Mashal
Chief Scientific Officer and Head of North America Research & Development Hub
Senior Vice President for Biologics within Industrial Affairs and Business Partner
Bo Piela
Head of Communications
Head of Global Regulatory Affairs
Head of Rare Diseases, North America
Head of Japan & Pacific Region
Chief Financial Officer
Global Head of Human Resources
Global Head of Medical Affairs 
Global Head of Business Operations
This site is intended for United States residents only.
The theme for this year’s World Day, “Bringing Us Closer,” focuses on how advances in multiple sclerosis research are getting us closer to helping those affected by and connecting researchers with the broader community.
Q: Can you tell us about your role at Sanofi?
have been with the company for twelve years, originally joining in 2006 prior to its 2011 acquisition by Sanofi. Since then have had various roles, always involved in science. Currently, am laboratory head of neuroimmunology immunomodulation. In this role, manage a team of seven people working to develop immunomodulatory therapies, treatments that modify the immune response or the functioning of the immune system, for people living with multiple sclerosis (MS).
Q:  What are your current projects?
Among our most advanced projects are two potential new disease modifying therapies for MS, each of which is very unique. One is an oral treatment that was designed to access the brain and spinal cord by crossing the blood-brain barrier and impact immune cell and brain cell signaling. This may help treat MS, and potentially other diseases of the central nervous system.
The other is a potential antibody therapy for Antibodies are proteins made by the immune system that bind to specific markers on cells or tissues. This particular antibody is intended to block the interaction between two specific proteins; that interaction is a central regulator of multiple disease-causing mechanisms in MS.
also lead a project team focused on better understanding the mechanism of action of one of our marketed treatments, with the goal of potentially developing future therapies that are similarly effective, and have an improved safety profile.
Q: What do you find most compelling about research?
We know much more about now than a decade ago and a lot is being learned each day through the successes and failures of current treatments.  We are lucky to work in a time when we have the ability to understand the molecular changes brought on by therapies, and make connections between those changes, real-world patient outcomes, and the genetic profiles of patients. These are exciting times for research that are paving the way for personalized medicine in MS.
Q: What inspires your work?
So many people are touched by For me, I’m personally connected by my cousin who was recently diagnosed. It feels good to work for a company that is driven by patients and science. work with passionate and hard-working scientists who are motivated to make a difference.
I’m inspired knowing that commit each day to a great cause and that some of what am working on today has the potential to make a difference in someone’s life. I’m motivated knowing that our work here could make a difference so that, years from now, a patient may be able to stand up and cheer at their grandchild’s graduation. I’m inspired thinking that our work could make a difference to those who want to remain active, productive and successful members of society.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Compliance program for Sanofi and Sanofi is a global pharmaceutical company engaged in the research, development, manufacture, and marketing of healthcare products. Sanofi is committed to conducting its business ethically and in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, guidelines, and policies. In keeping with that commitment, its United States affiliates Sanofi Services Inc., sanofi-aventis (collectively “Sanofi US”) and (“Genzyme”) (all three companies collectively the “Company”) have implemented a comprehensive compliance program for their operations (“Compliance Program”); this document describes that Compliance Program. The Compliance Program is part of the North America Compliance Program.
Sanofi, formed in 2004 following the acquisition of Aventis by Sanofi-Synthelabo SA, conducts certain business in the through Sanofi The integration, development, and refinement of the Compliance Program for Sanofi started in late 2004; the Compliance Program continues to improve. Sanofi acquired in 2011. The integration of the Compliance Program with the Sanofi Compliance Program began after the acquisition and has continued.
Mission of the compliance program
The purpose of the Compliance Program is to: (a) prevent, detect, and correct violations of law and Company policy and procedures; (b) assure the establishment of compliance-related policies and procedures for business operations; (c) assure development of training and other programs designed to educate employees regarding applicable policies, procedures and standards; (d) implement a mechanism to evaluate the effectiveness of essential elements of the Compliance Program; (e) implement a mechanism for internal reporting of questionable or inappropriate activities to enable timely investigation and resolution; and (f) assure appropriate corrective action is taken to prevent recurrence of misconduct.
Elements of the compliance program
The Compliance Officer is responsible for overseeing the administration and implementation of the Compliance Program and will report at least quarterly on Compliance Program operations to, among others, the Company Compliance Committees and periodically to the Global Executive Compliance Committee. The Compliance Officer is vested with the authority to direct and implement compliance-related change in the organization as necessary and has the authority to exercise independent judgment in assessing compliance-related matters. The Compliance Officer has authority to seek advice from independent legal counsel or other outside experts when appropriate. The Compliance Officer is authorized to report issues of any kind directly to the Company officers and directors.
The Company has established one or more Compliance Committees, which meet at least quarterly. The mission of the Compliance Committees includes ensuring the implementation and effectiveness of all components of the Compliance Program, which shall include, among other things:
Development and implementation of compliance-related policies, standards, and procedures in all areas of the business;
Development and implementation of training and other programs designed to educate Company employees regarding applicable laws, rules, regulations, policies, procedures, and standards (collectively, “Requirements”);
Development and implementation of auditing, monitoring, and other controls and processes designed to prevent, detect, and correct violations of applicable Requirements;
Development and implementation of mechanisms for internal reporting of questionable or inappropriate activities and timely investigation and resolution of such instances; and
Development and implementation of corrective and disciplinary action to address and prevent recurrence of misconduct or non-compliance.
The Compliance Committees also shall provide advice, counsel, and support to the Compliance Officer, who shall have day-to-day oversight responsibilities for the North America Compliance Program.
Compliance related policies
As part of its commitment to the highest ethical standards of business conduct, the Company has implemented corporate standards and requirements that are consistent with that obligation and are specific to the Company’s operations and the evolving business and regulatory environment.
The Company expects employees at all levels of the organization to comply with the Compliance Program, the standards set forth in the Code of Ethics and Supplement (“Code”), the Company’s policies and procedures, and all applicable laws. All employees must annually acknowledge their responsibility and commitment to conduct the Company’s business consistent with these standards and to report to management, Human Resources, Legal, or the Compliance Officer or Compliance Department knowledge of any violation of these standards. An employee who violates these standards will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including termination. The Code expressly prohibits retaliation or retribution against any employee for making any good faith report of suspected misconduct or improper behavior.
number of policies and procedures are designed to ensure that interactions with healthcare professionals are appropriate, ethical, and consistent with applicable laws and standards, including (but not limited to) the April 2003 “Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers” issued by the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (“Guidance”), the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) “Code on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals,” revised effective January 2009 (“PhCode”), and the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals revised effective July 1, 2009 (“AdvaMed Code”). The Company has policies and procedures in place to foster compliance with the PhCode and AdvaMed Code.
For a statement regarding compliance with California Health & Safety Code § 119402, click here.
Training and educational programs
critical component of the Compliance Program is the training and education of employees concerning their general ethical obligations and their specific obligations to comply with Company policies and procedures and with all applicable laws and regulations. The Company has implemented training programs to educate employees on the Code, on new and existing compliance policies, and on the standards and procedures applicable to their job functions. New employees receive or will receive compliance training as part of their initial training; employees receive on-going compliance training on a routine and periodic basis. The Company implements additional training for the entire Company or particular departments and/or business units on an as-needed basis.
Communicating compliance issues and concerns
The Company is committed to fostering an environment in which the open communication regarding questions about the Code or Company policies and procedures or concerns about suspected improper business practices is encouraged. Any employee who has concerns about a particular activity that the employee feels may violate policies or the law is required to report such concerns.
Employees are encouraged to ask questions about compliance issues or make reports of potentially problematic conduct to their managers. As an alternative, employees may contact the Compliance Officer or use the North America Compliance Helpline (1-800-648-1297). The Helpline, a toll free number available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week, allows confidential, anonymous reporting. The Helpline is administered by an independent outside contractor whose employees are trained to handle such calls. Employees may also e-mail the North America Compliance Department at NACompliance@sanofi.com.
The Code expressly prohibits retaliation or retribution against any employee for making any good faith report of suspected misconduct or improper behavior.
The Compliance Program includes activities designed to monitor and audit compliance with the Company’s policies and procedures. The Compliance Officer oversees and/or coordinates systems for periodic monitoring and auditing. On a periodic basis, but not less than annually, the Compliance Officer develops an audit plan, recognizing that the nature and frequency of reviews depends upon a variety of factors. variety of internal and external auditing resources may be used to conduct periodic monitoring and auditing. The Compliance Officer works with relevant internal experts and management to evaluate audit findings and ensure the implementation of any corrective action deemed necessary as the result of audits or routine monitoring activities.
The Compliance Officer (or designee) reviews and evaluates concerns communicated to the North America Compliance Department to determine whether further investigation is required of activities that may be inconsistent with the Code, policies or procedures, or any provision of the Compliance Program or applicable law. The Compliance Officer may, as required, request assistance from the members of the Compliance Committees or outside experts to conduct an investigation, depending on the nature of the alleged misconduct. Investigations shall be conducted confidentially to the greatest extent possible and with every effort to respect the rights of all concerned.
Corrective action and discipline
If it is determined, after investigation, that noncompliant conduct occurred, the matter is forwarded to the appropriate parties for corrective and/or disciplinary action. Such response and disciplinary action may include (but is not limited to): terminating or otherwise disciplining the employee(s) involved; disciplining supervisors in accordance with the facts for failure to supervise adequately and control the behavior of the employee(s); revising guidelines, policies, and procedures or any function of the Compliance Program to prevent the reoccurrence of misconduct in the area; or increasing auditing and monitoring procedures.
Updating the compliance program
From time to time, the Company may amend its Compliance Program. The Compliance Committees shall review all changes suggested by the Compliance Officer, members of the Compliance Committees, or other Company personnel. The Compliance Officer shall be responsible for communicating changes in the Compliance Program to Company employees in a timely manner.
Finally, at the age of twelve, after several visits to various physicians, Paula was diagnosed with Mucopolysaccharidosis (I), an inherited genetic disorder caused by a deficiency in an enzyme called alpha-L-iduronidase. Globally, occurs in about 1 in every 100,000 births.
While the news was hard for Paula and her family to accept, they were also relieved to finally have a concrete reason for years of unexplained symptoms. confirmed diagnosis meant Paula was able to begin treatment for the symptoms that had afflicted her since childhood.
Five years after her diagnosis, Paula was accepted to our Humanitarian program. The primary goal of the program is to deliver enzyme replacement therapy, to the best of our ability, to patients with lysosomal storage disorders (LSDs) who have a demonstrated need in certain circumstances where treatment access is limited.
With more than 30 patients enrolled at any given time, Brazil is one of the largest countries in our humanitarian program. In Brazil the program is primarily used as a bridge to reimbursement.
Now 28 years old, Paula has graduated from university with a degree in psychology.
All the work that goes into creating an effective therapeutic product means nothing if that treatment can't reach the patients who need it. But whether for financial, geographic, or logistical reasons, access to treatment remains an ongoing challenge for many patients around the world. That's why our commitment to patients—and our efforts to ensure their access to our therapies—extends far beyond the lab and manufacturing plant.
We works with local governments around the world to secure timely approval of our products. While approvals are pending, we've helped patients with urgent medical needs obtain access to our therapies through compassionate use or expanded access programs. We work with national health services and private insurers to establish coverage for our products. And where coverage is not available, we work to facilitate free treatment access, help patients find alternative funding, and help countries establish sustainable health care systems. We also provide a range of educational and support services to raise disease awareness and advocate on behalf of patients' needs.
Through our humanitarian programs we provide several of our therapies free of charge to qualified patients in need.
We support and promote building sustainable health care systems through a variety of initiatives.
We understand that many patients may have particular interest in accessing our therapies prior to approval. While safety is our priority, we may provide eligible patients, without any available treatment options, access to an unapproved investigational treatment through our compassionate use program.
Health Care reform in the U.S.
We are committed to helping patients access our therapies. Because health care legislation can be subject to changes, we continually monitor the health care environment to understand how it may affect patients with rare diseases.
We understand patients and their families may have concerns and we are committed to maintaining a high level of service through our patient support programs that include:
Helping patients navigate the complexities of their insurance plans (both private and public)
Researching alternative forms of funding and reimbursement
Providing access to educational resources and programs for patients to learn more about their disease and treatment
Assigning individual case managers who work one-on-one with patients in the to help obtain ongoing access to treatment
Providing charitable or subsidized treatment for eligible patients with no other options
Reaching out to patients
We have long been an industry leader in developing support programs and services to help patients obtain access to our treatments.
Building on our 30+ year focus on Fabry, we look at the many ways that research, advocacy and efforts to expand awareness of the disease have affected patients, care partners and healthcare providers.
Fabry disease is a rare inherited disorder caused by a defective gene. person who inherits this gene is unable to produce an enzyme called alpha-galactosidase, which is necessary for the breakdown of a fatty substance in the body called globotriaosylceramide or GL-3.   In people living with Fabry, GL-3 accumulates in cells throughout the body, eventually causing cell damage.  Symptoms of Fabry in children and adolescents typically include pain, impaired sweating, skin rash, a distinct whorl pattern on the eye cornea, hearing impairment, and potentially kidney, central nervous system and heart problems. Symptoms can become life threatening, and Fabry disease can affect both males and females of all ethnic and cultural backgrounds.
As one of the early industry partners to join in the effort to advance research related to Fabry, we have been on the front lines in witnessing and shaping many historic changes.  We have also been privileged to work with many of the founding pioneers in Fabry research, patient care and advocacy over the past 30+ years.   Their perspectives today highlight the many ways that the experience of living with Fabry has changed and will continue to change in the years ahead.
We told families to have hope and that research was underway…because that was all we had.
Dr. Robert Desnick, Dean for Genetic and Genomic Medicine at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mt. Sinai in New York City, remembers meeting with families in the very early days of diagnosing and treating Fabry disease.  In many cases, those families had met with multiple doctors before they reached his office.  In most cases, it was recurrent severe pain that drove them to seek medical help.
Dr. Desnick recalls, “In the early days, remember a story about one boy who was evaluated by his pediatrician for severe recurrent pain in his hands and feet.  The highly respected and experienced physician did not have a clue what was going on.  Later, a second son from the same family came in, and still there was no diagnosis. It was not until a third son came in that the physician considered a genetic factor like Fabry.  For families that did not have multiple family members affected, the path to diagnosis often was even more challenging.”
The diagnostic journey of Minnesota resident Tim Nelson highlights many of the challenges in the early years. “first noticed it probably when was seven or eight years old. The first symptoms noticed was not sweating, which caused me to overheat and then caused migraines. When was in my twenties, was seeing a dermatologist, nephrologist, cardiologist, and neurologist. It took another 10-15 years to get diagnosed. At this point in time, was in stage three kidney failure, and right on the borderline of stage four kidney failure. There were so many things that were missed that were red flags. lot of people were not diagnosed with Fabry disease until their kidneys quit working.”
Nelson often contrasts his own 31-year journey to diagnosis with the experience of his daughters Stephanie and Sarah, both of whom were diagnosed in a matter of hours using dry blood spot testing, a form of genetic testing.
Sarah Nelson spotlights the impact that delayed diagnosis can have.  “think for my dad, going so long without a diagnosis, can’t even fathom what he went through. He told us stories about his mom and dad taking him to doctors and he was told time and time again that it was in his head. And that’s what he believed, even though he knew that there were real symptoms there.  He was being told by a professional that it was in his head, so it must be true.”
The fact that the genetic mutation for Fabry disease is passed from a parent to a child has reinforced the importance of family screening in diagnosis.  Following a diagnosis of a first relative, screening of other family members on average identifies five others who are living with Fabry. Physicians are also much more likely to associate symptoms with Fabry in families where someone has been previously diagnosed.
While a diagnosis was at least an explanation for many families, the next message from a doctor in those early days was often heartbreaking.  “We told families to have hope and that research was underway…because that was all we had at that time.” Dr. Desnick says.  Many clinicians report that the diagnosis was “devastating” for families, and that this only got worse as symptoms progressed.  Feelings of isolation and despair were common.
Not surprisingly, the few specialists in the field in the early days noted that many patients and caregivers were interested in learning about any advances in research that could inspire hope.  When they read about the discovery of the genetic abnormality associated with Fabry, the sequencing of the gene itself and then the first success in synthesizing the gene, they were encouraged by the progress.
Another major advance in understanding of Fabry was research that identified the two forms of the disease: classic and late-onset or non-classic. Patients with classic (also known as Type 1) Fabry disease have little or no functional a-Gal enzymatic activity (<1% of normal mean) and marked accumulation of GL-3/Gb3. Classically affected individuals develop typical symptoms in childhood or adolescence. As the disease progresses, it can lead to severe health risks including cardiomyopathy, renal failure and stroke. The incidence of the classic phenotype is about 1 in 40,000 males and 1 in 20,000 females. While females were once thought to be asymptomatic carriers, research has shown that many females present with symptoms consistent with Fabry disease, albeit in varying degrees of severity and age of onset compared to their male counterparts.
In contrast, males with later-onset or non-classic Fabry have varying levels of residual a-Gal activity and typically develop symptoms in adulthood. With later-onset Fabry, symptoms are more likely to be associated with single-organ cardiac or renal dysfunction. While the severity of disease in Fabry can vary widely, even patients with less severe forms of Fabry will experience disease progression. Understanding the distinction between classic and later-onset /non-classic Fabry drove many important advances in efforts to diagnose and treat patients.
The power of bringing patients together
In addition to physical symptoms, Fabry often led to feelings of isolation among both patients and families, a situation that has changed significantly since the early days.  As late as the 1990s, most patients had never seen or even heard of another person living with Fabry outside their family.  Many did not even recognize the symptoms in their own family members.
“can remember one young man in the 1970s who was having a very difficult time with his diagnosis. He was withdrawn and severely depressed.  At the time knew of another patient, a 35-year-old man, in the area.  arranged for them to meet and just talk.  There was no agenda, no specific messages.  And that one meeting inspired an amazing change in the young man.  We really saw the power of connecting patients with each other,” said Dr. Desnick.
Tim Nelson confirms the feelings of isolation: “When was a kid, it was hard for me to do anything.  If friends were going out to the park or something, couldn't do it because could only be out there maybe five, 10 minutes, and all of a sudden, you know, hurt. didn’t do a whole lot with friends because of the disease.
For many patients, the only other people they knew with Fabry were in their family.
“Growing up knew had Fabry, but it was just because Dad and my sister Sarah had it,” explained Stephanie. “Once got to kindergarten and first grade realized that we were a little bit different, but we had each other to lean on and Fabry was just something we learned how to deal with.”
The establishment of the first patient advocacy organizations including the Fabry Support and Information Group and the National Fabry Disease Foundation together with the very first opportunities for patients to meet with other patients in person represent pivotal moments in the experience of living with Fabry.  The dawn of the internet age made it even easier for patient and caregivers to access information and to connect with others.  Over the years, we also have supported many efforts to build broader awareness of Fabry among healthcare providers and at-risk families and communities.  Together, these actions have transformed the emotional experience of living with Fabry for many families.  Both online and in person, patients now can access many opportunities to reach out for information or support or to share experiences with other families.
Sarah offers a perspective on the very personal need to be your own advocate: “Growing up with Fabry disease, a big aspect of it has been advocacy. From a young age, we would have to go in every single year to all of our school teachers and tell them:  ‘Okay, my name is Sarah. have Fabry disease, and this is how it affects me A, B, and C, and if start to feel this way, this is what would help me.’  So, advocacy has been a very large aspect of being, learning to be confident in yourself, and being able to feel like you can use your voice to speak of how you’re feeling.”
Focusing on the long term
Specialists in the treatment of Fabry at every level highlight the change in counseling patients about the future.  Today, clinicians play a vital role in helping patients plan for their futures.  Dr. Desnick notes that many clinicians have now expanded their focus on patient management to include strategies in life-planning and balancing a full range of work and family responsibilities. He also notes many encouraging advances in understanding of Fabry in women, a focus that was not fully appreciated previously.
“We have gone from a period when patients with a diagnosis went home with little hope to one where they can now instantly access information, connect with other patients and families and participate in clinical research.  As research continues, you can certainly feel the optimism among both patients and clinicians.  There is certainly reason to believe that progress will continue,” Dr. Desnick concluded.
For more information about Fabry disease, visit www.fabry.org or www.fabrydisease.org .
Dr. Robert Desnick and the Nelson family were compensated for their time in development of this article.
