2nd Generation monitoring offers a powerful combination of speed, versatility, portability, and accuracy for microbiological testing in any industry concerned with water. All living cells contain regardless of whether they are bacteria, fungi, or any other type of microbe. As such, its measurement is a direct indication of the microbiological content in your sample. All-inclusive results in minutes provide enhanced monitoring capabilities for superior control of microorganisms in your process.
Learn more with our latest brochure
Traditional culture-based methods are very slow (2+ days to obtain results) and very selective (<1% of total population detected). 2nd Generation measures all cells to ensure that no threat goes unnoticed and results are available immediately.
Traditional tests provide the required pass/fail indication required for surface hygiene applications. LuminUltra’s 2nd Generation technology goes far beyond 1st Generation products through enhanced sensitivity and accuracy, providing the required fully-quantitative measurement for any water or wastewater sample.
Depending on the application, Suspended Solids measurements (including Turbidity and Particle Counts) may be used to indicate overall loading (wastewater) or perhaps sediment intrusion (water), but they do not isolate microbiological content. As such, are not effective ways to investigate microbiological issues and can sometimes be misleading. 2nd Generation monitoring quantifies the biological content of these samples, enabling the issue to be characterized and optimized much more effectively.
Ver 1.2 release now available with Offline Mode!
Hear What Our Customers Say About Us
Aurora Water (Aurora, CO) has been using LuminUltra’s test to measure and monitor Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) in the biofiltration process at the Binney Water Purification Facility (BWPF) sApril 2012. This easy to perform test allows staff to quickly determine levels on the biofilter during start-up of the processes, as well as during routine operation.
was amazed at the fact that we could measure total microorganisms in a matter of minutes…
LuminUltra’s technology as advertised should be considered as the “1st Line of Defense” tool of choice and first primary testing tool for microbial activity.
has assisted us in maintaining bioreactor performance.  We recommend this technology to any facility looking to improve process control and plant stability.
They are the only test kit manufacturer that has developed a family of test kits – each optimized for a range of applications. They are also the only test kit manufacturer with an method that differentiates bacteria from fungi. They are undoubtedly head and shoulders above other test kit manufacturers.
President Biodeterioration Control Associates, The decision to use Luminproducts was easy as they have positioned themselves as the industry leader in testing due to their pioneering techniques and continued level of accuracy.
Luminis a global ﬁrm with customers and sales network partners spanning from North America to Asia and all points in between. Sour initial launch in 2003, we’ve converted our line of test kits into solutions tailored to speciﬁc applications for monitoring and controlling microbes in drinking water, manufacturing industries, energy applications and wastewater treatment.
We strive to teach as many people as possible about the risks of microorganisms in water systems and what can be done about them.  It’s our vision to be your first line of defense.  To achieve that, we provide fast and simple solutions to microbiological problems in water.  Our message is simple: if you do not measure it, you cannot control it.
We work hard to help our customers gain more information and fix problems.  We are innovators, striving continually to improve our products.  We happily spend time providing straightforward training tools, data analysis assistance and accessible, personalized support to our customers and partners around the globe.
Through fast and operator-friendly microbiological measurement tools, we give you an accurate answer to the most critical question: Am in Control of Microorganisms?
Learn the history of our journey to make Luminthe first line of defense against microorganisms in water.
LuminCloud is now available on the App Store and Google Play.
We’re happy to announce the launch of LuminAcademy – our online training & certification center for customers and partners.
Our customer base and sales network spans North America to Asia and all points in between, and we are poised to change the game once again with many new products soon to launch.
Secured the world’s largest water test kit provider – Hach – as a distributor in North America.
Moved into a new facility to expand production and meet growing demand.
Successfully secured a number of distributors in and around North America, and began selling products to the upstream oil & gas sector.
Formed software division for construction of new cloud software platforms.
Signed our exclusive European distributor, Aqua-tools. Product demand begins to grow.
Carried out research, validation and field verification of our 2nd Generation technology for wastewater applications.
One of LuminUltra’s core values is community, which we consider to encompass our staff, our partners, our customers, and the market in which we all operate.  Our network is global with partners and customers in 60 different countries on every continent except for Antarctica, spanning from small rural municipalities to Fortune 500 companies and everything in between.  It is our belief that all stakeholders in our community should have access to the information and resources that they need to successfully apply our solutions whenever they require, and that all stakeholders have an opportunity to contribute to our continued advancement and innovation.  At LuminUltra, our objective is to continually innovate by refining and streamlining our solutions to deliver maximum value to our customers.
Aurora Water (Aurora, CO) has been using LuminUltra’s test to measure and monitor Adenosine Triphosphate (ATP) in the biofiltration process at the Binney Water Purification Facility (BWPF) sApril 2012. This easy to perform test allows staff to quickly determine levels on the biofilter during start-up of the processes, as well as during routine operation.
President Biodeterioration Control Associates, The decision to use Luminproducts was easy as they have positioned themselves as the industry leader in testing due to their pioneering techniques and continued level of accuracy.
Good news for shipowners and the environment ... New regulatory guidance on newbuild ships regarding ballast water… twitter.com/i/web/status/1…Partner Community Section
This content is for LuminSales Partners only. Please Login or apply for a new account.
Luminis a global ﬁrm with customers and sales network partners spanning from North America to Asia and all points in between. Sour initial launch in 2003, we’ve converted our line of test kits into solutions tailored to speciﬁc applications for monitoring and controlling microbes in drinking water, manufacturing industries, energy applications and wastewater treatment.
We are a global ﬁrm with customers and sales network partners spanning from North America to Asia and all points in between. Sour initial launch in 2003, we’ve converted our line of test kits into solutions tailored to speciﬁc applications for monitoring and controlling microbes in drinking water, manufacturing industries, energy applications and wastewater treatment.
[News Release] One-stop microbiology management now available as Luminacquires InstantLabs
September 19, 2018 – It’s now possible to both quickly and easily identify all microbes in a sample and determine the abundance of specific microbes as LuminUltra, a global market leader in rapid and portable microbiological monitoring tools, has acquired InstantLabs , a developer of DNA-based measurement technologies.
“Luminis now a one-stop shop for microbiology management in a variety of sectors, including drinking water, wastewater, industrial, and oil and gas. We can provide a comprehensive picture of how many microorganisms are in our customers’ processes and which ones are having the most impact, and we can do this within minutes to hours,” says Pat Whalen, President and of LuminUltra. “By adding InstantLabs’ DNA-based measurement tools, we can offer a more complete picture while maintaining our hallmark rapid feedback. That means both faster and better decision-making for our customers.”
InstantLabs, a Lumincompany, provides rapid, point-of-use solutions for quickly quantifying specific microbes or groups of microbes via Quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction (qPCR) as well as best-in-class Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) for identifying all microbes and their abundance in a given sample. These products complement LuminUltra’s flagship 2nd Generation (Adenosine Triphosphate) measurement products, which provide on-the-spot information on total microbiological population size in a matter of minutes.
“Our analysis products and services have been specifically designed to identify and measure those microorganisms that have the most impact on the industries we serve,” says Neil Sharma, Vice President, Product Development, LuminUltra, and the leader of InstantLabs. “We can show the cause-and-effect relationship of key microbes so that system operators can keep things running smoothly while also achieving operating efficiencies and reduced costs. Moving forward, we’ll be able to identify trends and discover other microorganisms that could potentially be harmful so that operators can be even more proactive.”
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Luminis a global ﬁrm with customers and sales network partners spanning from North America to Asia and all points in between. Sour initial launch in 2003, we’ve converted our line of test kits into solutions tailored to speciﬁc applications for monitoring and controlling microbes in drinking water, manufacturing industries, energy applications and wastewater treatment.
