Learn more in our 2017 Year in Review
With each new drug discovery, seeks to improve the care of millions of patients living with life-threatening diseases around the world, including regions where access to medicine is limited or does not yet exist.
recognizes that patients and communities often face challenges in accessing the best possible care, and we know that passion for scientific discovery alone — and that alone — cannot solve these challenges. This is why, through our grantee programs, works hard to foster deep and enduring relationships with patient advocates, nonprofits and healthcare professionals around the world who work tirelessly in local communities to improve people’s lives day after day.
works with organizations across all our therapeutic areas, partnering to advance the goals of our giving mission: to improve health access, eliminate the barriers to healthcare encountered by underserved populations, advance education among healthcare professionals and support the local communities in which we operate.
believes medicines should be accessible to all people who need them, regardless of where they live or what resources they have. Political, social and geographical barriers prevent patients around the world from accessing the best possible care, so we work with partners and grantees to help overcome those barriers.
People should have access to the same healthcare, regardless of their background. At Gilead, we fund projects that support underserved communities that have systematically experienced greater social or economic obstacles to health.
works to make testing and treatment more widely available and knows education is key to effective disease prevention and long-term disease management. helps community organizations by supporting disease awareness programs for patients and expanding knowledge and skills for healthcare professionals.
With nearly 11,000 employees working in over 35 countries around the world, understands how important it is for people of all backgrounds to live in vibrant local communities. funds initiatives that promote the well-being and betterment of the local neighborhoods and cities in which we live and work.
The senior management team and board of directors provide the necessary guidance to execute our mission and realize our vision.
Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Patient Officer
Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy
John McHutchison AO, MD
Chief Scientific Officer, Head of Research and Development
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Cisco Systems, Inc.
Distinguished Professor, Loeb Scholar Chair in Pediatrics, Professor of Pediatrics, Microbiology, Medicine, and Neurosurgery, University of Alabama at Birmingham
Chairman Emeritus of COSMOS, The California State Summer School for Math and Science
Foster City, California, is home to The worldwide corporate headquarters. Our antiviral research facilities are based here.
The Foster City office is located approximately 30 minutes south of downtown San Francisco and only 10 minutes south of the San Francisco International Airport (SFO).
The office in La Verne, California, is responsible for the manufacturing of AmBisome®, packaging and labeling of our antiviral products, as well as the distribution of our products to the Americas and the Pacific Rim.
Take the 5 South to the 134 East. From the 134 East, take the 210 East to the 57 South. Take exit 47 toward Foothill Blvd/La Verne, keep right at the fork and merge only Foothill Blvd/Historic Route 66 E, then take a right onto Wheeler Avenue.
Take the 405 South to the 605 North. From the 605 North take the 10 East. Exit left onto Fairplex Drive, then take a left onto Wright Avenue, then take a right onto Yeager Avenue, then take a left onto Wheeler Avenue.
The office in Oceanside, California is responsible for the clinical manufacture and process development of biologics candidates in preclinical, Phase 1 and Phase 2 testing.
The office in San Dimas, California, is responsible for the manufacturing of AmBisome®, packaging and labeling of our antiviral products, as well as the distribution of our products to the Americas and the Pacific Rim.
The San Dimas office is located near four airports in the Los Angeles area.
Take the 105 East to the 605 North. From the 605 North, take the 10 East to the 57 North. Exit right onto Covina Blvd, then take a right onto Cliffside Drive.
Take the 5 South to the 134 East. From the 134 East, take the 210 East to the 57 South. Exit right onto Covina Blvd, then take a right onto Cliffside Drive.
Take the 10 West to the 57 North. Exit right onto Covina Blvd, then take a right onto Cliffside Drive.
Take the 405 South to the 605 North. From the 605 North take the 10 East to the 57 North. Exit right onto Covina Blvd, then take a right onto Cliffside Drive.
Take the 405 North to the 55 North. From the 55 North, take the 5 North to the 57 North. Exit right onto Covina Blvd, then take a right onto Cliffside Drive.
The office in Miami, Florida, is home to our respiratory research and clinical development activities.
The office in Seattle, Washington, is home to our respiratory research and clinical development activities.
The Code of Ethics requires employees' compliance with all laws and mandates fair dealing in all instances. Violations of our Code of Ethics by employees are not tolerated and can lead to disciplinary action, including termination of employment and referral for criminal prosecution. As part of our commitment to ensure our products are free from violations of all types of ethical standards, we plan to update our Code of Ethics and employee training materials to include provisions specifically targeted to address human slavery and trafficking.
We routinely evaluate and address the risk of ethical violations for all countries involved in our supply chain. We do not routinely engage a third party to conduct this evaluation. Rather, we rely on official government information to identify risks and act accordingly. Our product ingredients are sourced primarily from countries the United States Department of State has designated as being compliant with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act's (TVPA) minimum standards. We take extra precautions before sourcing product from countries that are still making efforts to bring themselves into full compliance with the For example, in those countries, we source only from businesses that are affiliated with countries fully compliant with TVPA, visit our suppliers along with their intermediates and vendors in person and only select suppliers that have been in business long enough to verify that their conduct meets Gilead's ethical standards.
Statement on Grants to Spouses of Caricom Leaders Action Network (SCLAN) to Expand Access to Youth Prevention and Care in the Caribbean
perspective from our CEO: Subsidiary to Launch Authorized Generics to Treat HCV
Announces Steep Discounts for Ambisome to Treat Cryptococcal Meningitis in Low- and Middle-Income Countries
Implements Emergency Disaster Response Procedures to Ensure Medicine Access 
Recognized as Top Corporate Philanthropist in Funders Concerned About Report
Medicines Now Reaching 10 Million People in Developing Countries
Supports PrEducation to Increase Prevention and Awareness
Harnessing the Power of the Immune System to Treat Cancer
Scientific breakthrough is almost always the product of collaboration and places high value on partnering with companies and organizations whose strengths complement and augment our own. Over the past two decades, we have forged many long-term collaborations with leading academic institutions and biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies to develop innovative new therapeutics and advance the care of patients confronting life-threatening diseases.
For more information about business and corporate development opportunities, please contact the Corporate Development department.
For a list of Gilead's marketing partners, please visit our 
