Although I’ve been a part of a number of successful drug launches at Incyte Corporation, DuPont and Merck, I’ve seen an even larger number of program failures. The  team is taking on immense challenges as it seeks to discover and develop drugs for cancers and immune disorders, and believe they’ve got what it takes to succeed.
For me, it’s a matter of pride that important drugs from my labs have made it to the market and are being used so widely in combination therapy for and more recently in Hepatitis I’m also proud to be on the Board of , which expect will generate significant new treatment options for people living with autoimmune diseases and cancers. enjoy sharing what have learned starting and selling several biotech companies.  
We have taken a bit of a different path than that taken by other companies – and it seems to be working. We are finding and advancing multiple drugs that may help a lot of people with cancers and autoimmune disorders.
I’m passionate about finding better treatment options for cancer patients. Before co-invented the cancer immunomodulators now licensed to Gliknik, was one of the inventors of using anti-PD-L1 antibodies for the treatment of cancer. By harnessing the power of the immune system, biropepimut-, targeted against cancer protein MAGE-A3, is designed as a new approach to cancer. It has a number of built-in features that may make a difference for people living with various cancers, including of the head and neck.
Biropepimut-(GL-0817) is a highly engineered peptide immunomodulator currently in a 45-site, seven country clinical trial to prevent recurrence of high risk squamous cell cancer of the oral cavity.
Biropepimut-is targeted against important epitopes within the cancer protein MAGE-A3. MAGE-A3 is expressed in some cases of head and neck cancer, multiple myeloma, lung cancer and many other tumor types. Designed in response to previous challenges with clinical immunomodulator studies, biropepimut-has a number of advanced features that are not available in any competitive product.
GL-2045 is a recombinant Fc fusion protein designed to mimic the effects of the pooled human blood product in treating autoimmune disease. sells more than $7 billion annually and is approved for use clinically in numerous autoimmune diseases. and Pfizer  entered into a GL-2045 licensing agreement with Pfizer responsible for ongoing clinical development of the compound.
GL-2045 is from a class of compounds invented by called stradomersTM, which present multiple immunoglobulin Fc simultaneously to Fc receptors and ligands as a means of modulating both Fc receptor-mediated activity and complement-mediated activity to treat autoimmunity.
At Gliknik, our mission is to discover and develop truly innovative biologics for people living with cancer and immune disorders. Headquartered in downtown Baltimore, Gliknik’s expertise is in modulation of the immune system to fight disease.
Our perseverance and determination to make a difference in the lives of individuals with cancer and autoimmune disease is evidenced by the assembly of a talented team of scientists, augmented by our Board members, scientific advisors and a network of worldwide scientific and medical thought leaders.
is a privately held biopharmaceutical company working to ease human suffering by creating new therapies for people living with cancer and immune disorders. The team combines scientific expertise with business acumen and deep experience in the biopharmaceutical industry. currently has two novel drugs in clinical trials and others being advanced preclinically. The company has a shared commitment to always trying to do the right thing. Inspired by a wish to apply cutting-edge science to ease human suffering, the company’s mission is to discover and develop truly innovative biologics for people living with cancer and immune disorders.
Scroll to topYou are here: Home / About / Board of Directors
The Board of Directors has deep industry expertise with a track record for discovering and developing marketed drugs and generating successful exits for investors.
Dr. Block founded in 2007 after 17 years in industry, 12 of which were in a series of commercial positions at DuPont Merck and DuPont Pharmaceuticals including sales management, licensing, R&portfolio planning, market development, and product launch. He was the of International Operations at the time of the sale of DuPont Pharmaceuticals to Bristol-Myers Squibb. From 2002 to 2004, Dr. Block was the Chief Operating Officer of Celera Genomics. Prior to founding Gliknik, he formed and ran a venture-backed start-up. Dr. Block received a from Wesleyan University in biopsychology, an from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine where he was class co-president, and an in Entrepreneurism in Health Care from the Wharton School where he was the Beta Gamma Sigma scholar of his class. He is board-certified in Internal Medicine. Dr. Block currently is a director of Cocrystal Pharma, and has served on several non-profit Boards. For more than 25 years he has provided ongoing medical care to positive patients as a volunteer at Johns Hopkins.
Dr. Friedman has served as a member of our Board of Directors s2013. He is currently the Chairman and of Madrigal Pharmaceuticals and was formerly the Chief Executive Officer of Incyte Corporation. Under Dr. Friedman’s leadership, Incyte developed and launched Jakafi® (ruxolitinib), an FDA-approved drug for patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. From 1994 to 1998, Dr. Friedman served as President of & for the DuPont Merck Pharmaceutical Company and from 1998 to 2001 as the President of DuPont Pharmaceuticals Research Laboratories, a wholly owned subsidiary of the DuPont Company. From 1991 to 1994, he served as Senior Vice President at Merck Research Laboratories. In these positions, Dr. Friedman has overseen the discovery and development of numerous drugs and brought Sustiva® (efavirenz) to market. Prior to his work at Merck and DuPont, Dr. Friedman was an associate professor of medicine and pharmacology at Harvard Medical School. Dr. Friedman is a diplomate of the American Board of Internal Medicine and a member of the American Society of Clinical Investigation. He received his in biology from Princeton University and his from Harvard Medical School. Dr. Friedman is also a director of Navitor, Incyte and Cerulean.
Mr. Klein has served as a member of our Board of Directors s2008. Mr. Klein is currently Managing Director of Gauss Capital Advisors, LLC, a financial consulting and investment advisory firm focused on biopharmaceuticals, which he founded in March 1998. Mr. Klein is a Director of Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a public biopharmaceutical company, as well as of the Prospector Funds, Inc., an SEC-registered investment company that manages two no-load mutual funds. He has previously served on the boards and Audit Committees of BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc.; Clinical Data, Inc.; Genaissance Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Guilford Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; BioPharma, Inc.; Savient Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Synbiotics, Mr. Klein also serves on the boards of private and non-profit entities. From 1989 to 1998, Mr. Klein was a health care investment analyst at Rowe Price Associates, Inc., where he was the founding portfolio manager of the Rowe Price Health Sciences Fund, He has previously served as a Venture Partner of Red Abbey Venture Partners, and of Capital. Mr. Klein received a B.A., summa cum laude, in Economics from Yale University, and an from the Graduate School of Business at Stanford University.
Mr. Lerner has served as a member of our Board of Directors s2014. He is a Partner in Chesapeake Partners, a firm that he co-founded in 1991 to achieve above-average returns through “event specific” investing with a value overlay. Chesapeake Partners converted from being a hedge fund into a family investment office in 2016. Mr. Lerner has extensive investment banking experience analyzing, acquiring and managing a wide variety of businesses. Previously, Mr. Lerner worked with Resource Holdings Capital Group, a firm that invested and managed a leveraged buyout fund. Prior to that, Mr. Lerner participated in the acquisition and management of businesses, worked in the mergers and acquisitions group at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets, and was a credit analyst at the Henry Schroder Bank and Trust Co. Mr. Lerner earned a from the College of the University of Pennsylvania and a in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He is Co-Chair of the Board of Baltimore’s Promise, a citywide collaborative whose mission is to coordinate strategy, identify quality programs, support alignment activities, establish shared measures for meaningful results, build public will, and advance policy on behalf of Baltimore City’s youth. Mr. Lerner is also a Director on the Board of Teach for America: Baltimore, a member of The Undergraduate Executive Board of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, a Distinguished Advisor to the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy and was appointed a member of the Mayor of Baltimore’s Pay for Success Work Group. He served as the Chairman of a capital campaign that raised in excess of $16 million for The Park School of Baltimore, and completed a three year term as President of its Board of Trustees. Mr. Lerner co-chaired the Johns Hopkins Children’s Center Advisory Board, spearheading a campaign that raised more than $100 million needed to build a new Children’s and Maternal Health Hospital.
Richard Levy, has served as a member of our Board of Directors s2014. SDecember 2016, Dr. Levy has served as a Senior Advisor of Baker Bros. Advisors LP., a registered investment adviser focused on long-term investments in life-sciences companies on behalf of major university endowments and foundations. From January 2009 to April 2016, Dr. Levy served as Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Development Officer of Incyte Corporation, where he previously served as Senior Vice President of Drug Development from August 2003 to January 2009. Prior to joining Incyte, Dr. Levy served as Vice President, Biologic Therapies, at Celgene Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company, from 2002 to 2003. From 1997 to 2002, Dr. Levy served in various executive positions with DuPont Pharmaceuticals Company, first as Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Pharmacovigilance, and thereafter as Vice President, Medical and Commercial Strategy. Dr. Levy served at Sandoz, a predecessor company of Novartis, from 1991 to 1997 in positions of increasing responsibility in clinical research and regulatory affairs. Prior to joining the pharmaceutical industry, Dr. Levy served as an Assistant Professor of Medicine at the School of Medicine. Dr. Levy is Board Certified in Internal Medicine and Gastroenterology and received his in Biology from Brown University, his from the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, and completed his training in Internal Medicine at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and a fellowship in Gastroenterology and Hepatology at Dr. Levy is also a director of Madrigal Pharmaceuticals and Aquinox Pharmaceuticals.
Dr. Schinazi is the Frances Winship Walters Professor of Pediatrics and Director of the Laboratory of Biochemical Pharmacology at Emory University and Director of the Scientific Working Group on Viral Eradication for the NIH-sponsored Emory University Center for Research (CFAR). Dr. Schinazi received his B.Sc. (1972) and Ph.(1976) in chemistry from the University of Bath, England. He has authored over 550 peer-reviewed papers and seven books and holds 100 issued patents and over 120 non-national stage patents and patent applications, which have resulted in 16 New Drug Applications (NDA). world leader in nucleoside chemistry, Dr. Schinazi is best known for his pioneering work on and drugs d4(stavudine), 3(lamivudine), (emtricitabine/Emtriva), Ld(telbivudine), and most recently sofosbuvir (Sovaldi), which are now approved by the He is also a founder of five biotechnology companies including Cocrystal Pharma (COCP); Pharmasset (acquired by Gilead in 2012), Triangle Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Gilead in 2003), and Idenix Pharmaceuticals (51 percent acquired by Novartis in 2003). More than 90% of HIV-infected individuals in the on combination therapy take at least one of the drugs he invented with hundreds of thousands of others treated worldwide. His contributions related to have already had a profound positive impact on the approximately 170 million people worldwide suffering from chronic infection. Dr. Schinazi served on the Presidential Commission on and is the recipient of numerous distinguished awards. He served for 35 years for the Department of Veteran Affairs as Senior Research Career Scientist. He currently serves as a Governing Trustee for the Foundation for Research (amfAR) and as a Board member for the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children (ICMEC).
investors have a shared interest in promoting human health through the development of novel therapeutics. Current investors include:
Scroll to topYou are here: Home / About / How We Work
The approach is based on an unshakeable core commitment to scientific rigor in discovering and in developing innovative biologics for individuals with autoimmune diseases and cancer. We believe in:
extensively testing a compound before we are committed to its further development,
using multiple outside investigators to replicate each other’s work, and
leveraging multiple preclinical models because no one model perfectly mimics the human condition.
We are willing to take on big challenges which we pursue with scientific vigilance. Our investors appreciate this careful approach and encourage us to follow this path of scientific pursuit.
Henrik Olsen was a founding employee at Human Genome Sciences where he worked for ten years.  He worked at Artesian Therapeutics and then at Celera prior to joining Gliknik. graduate of the University of Aarhus, Denmark, he completed his post-doctoral fellowship at the Roche Institute of Molecular Biology. Henrik is a named inventor on 62 issued patents. He oversees the labs, including drug design, protein production and purification, analysis, and biologic testing.
Lab manager Emmanuel Mérigeon received his Baccalauréat in Biochemistry in Orleans, France before receiving his Brevet de technicien supérieur en Biologie in Paris, France. Manu has worked in a variety of lab positions with increasing responsibility for more than two decades, including 10 years at Bio-Rad in France.  Manu has day-to-day responsibility for protein production, purification, and analysis.
Jeffrey Herpst, R.N., B.S.N., – Senior Director, Clinical Development
Jeff Herpst has 20 years’ experience in clinical operations and an additional seven years as an oncology research nurse. He has held clinical development roles of increasing responsibility, most recently at Zyngenia, Teva, and Human Genome Sciences. Jeff received his from the University of Maryland and worked initially at Johns Hopkins in the Division of Radiation Oncology.
Scroll to topIt is widely accepted that the fraction of human Intravenous Immunoglobulin (IVIG) that is primarily responsible for its efficacy in the treatment of autoimmune disease patients is the Fc portion of IgG1 that clusters as higher molecular weight fractions in rationally designed GL-2045, a first-in-class recombinant biologic, to form ordered multimers of IgG1 Fc in order to mimic the active fraction of for treating autoimmune diseases.
We designed recombinant GL-2045 to mimic the structure and efficacy of the very small and variable portion of the pooled human blood product that has been shown to be the most active fraction in treating autoimmune disorders.
In 2013, Pfizer and  entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement  to allow Pfizer to develop and, if approved by applicable regulatory authorities, commercialize GL-2045.
In 2015, the Food and Drug Administration granted Orphan Drug designation  to GL-2045 for the treatment of Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyneuropathy (CIDP).
There are numerous marketed brands of with some products approved for use in the autoimmune indications including CIDP, multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN), and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). However, there is an unmet need for a medicine that has a safer and more convenient administration profile compared to that of GL-2045 was designed to be an alternative therapy to in treating these and other autoimmune diseases. While is produced by pooling and purifying plasma from tens of thousands of human blood donors, GL-2045 is recombinant, so it does not carry the risk of blood-borne pathogen transmission and its increased potency may enable infusion of smaller volumes over shorter infusion periods, thereby potentially improving the treatment regimen and quality of life for these patients.
is also approved for treating immunodeficiency disorders, acting primarily through the Fab portion of IgG1. GL-2045 does not contain an Fab and was not designed to treat these patients. However, sGL-2045 is a recombinant entity, it can, in theory, be produced in limitless quantities. If successfully commercialized, GL-2045 might allow more of the products, currently used to treat both immunodeficiency disorders and autoimmune indications, to be available for individuals living with immunodeficiency disorders, thereby helping to address a chronic worldwide supply shortage.
Developing biopharmaceuticals is a high-risk venture, and the basis for a high-expense business. We started in late 2007, just at the beginning of the great financial recession. Not ideal timing but it had the effect of helping us to become highly productive. It’s impressive how much progress we’ve made. As you’ll see throughout this website, we have invented and advanced a number of interesting drug candidates through preclinical development with two now in the clinic.
How did we do this? Our special sauce is that our team is small and nimble. We are efficient. We collaborate.
We partner with highly skilled people outside the company, both in academia and industry, who keep advancing our collective technical level. Industry colleagues who visit are frequently surprised at the number of compounds we make and the number of products we are advancing. When we stumble, which is an inevitability in this industry, we persevere until we get it right. Most importantly, we have pursued our business in a manner consistent with our core values with integrity being first and foremost.
We are resolved to make a difference for individuals living with disease and are thankful for the confidence entrusted in us by our investors.
CEO, Gliknik®, stradomer™, stradobody™ and the logo are registered trademarks of Inc.Biropepimut-(GL-0817) was invented after scientific founder Scott Strome, and his research partner at the Mayo Clinic, Lieping Chen MD, Ph, discovered the utility of antibodies against checkpoint inhibitor PD-L1 in preventing tumor-induced suppression of the normal immune system. Dr. Strome worked with Esteban Celis, MD, Ph to create immunomodulatory cancer therapeutic vaccines with novel properties based on lessons learned from cancer vaccines that had been clinically tested. The thinking was that checkpoint inhibitors would be more effective when paired with effective antigen presentation.
MAGE-A3 is expressed in many cases of head and neck cancer, multiple myeloma, lung cancer and other tumor types. Designed in response to previous challenges with clinical immunomodulator studies, GL-0817 has a number of advanced features that are not available in any competitive product. It was designed to enter the cell more effectively than predecessor compounds, travel intact through the cell without being degraded, be cleaved to intact antigen epitopes better than predecessor compounds, and generate responses in cytotoxic (or “killer”) cells, T-helper cells, and in B-cells producing antibody responses. These peptide-specific immune responses were indeed observed when GL-0817 was assessed in two phase 1 clinical trials in patients with advanced head and neck cancer and in a phase 2 combination trial with multiple therapies in multiple myeloma.
Patients with high risk oral cavity cancer have a high rate of recurrence despite attempted curative surgery and post-operative chemotherapy and radiotherapy, with risk based on certain pathology results at the time of resection. In fact, even after receiving these state-of-the-art therapies and having no detectable tumor, about 70% of high risk oral cavity cancer patients recur within three years. Unfortunately, treatment options at that point are quite limited.
