GlucanBio selected by to present at the Cleantech Innovation Bridge - Showcase in Chicago.
GlucanBio is awarded small business voucher (SBV) to advance technology for converting GVL-derived lignin to Functional Carbon materials in collaboration with ORNL.
 GlucanBio selected as one of the 30 emerging clean energy companies of 2015 to present at Industry Growth Forum event, Nov 3-4 Denver.
GlucanBio featured in Biofuels Digest, company's 5-minute guide.
Larry Clarke joins Nidus Partners as a  Managing Partner under next Phase of Growth - Nidus 2.0
GlucanBio invited to present at 2015 on 
GlucanBio has been selected as one of the Presenting Companies at 2015 Ag Innovation Showcase
GlucanBio is the Winner of the Sofinnova Start-up Award at Montreal.
selected as one of the Top-5 finalists for the Sofinnova Partners Renewable Chemistry Start-up Award competition tobe held at the World Congress on Industrial Biotechnology in Montreal.
GlucanBio wins $50k Prize at the Clean Energy Challenge in Chicago.
 and GlucanBio to engage in research collaboration.
	    						    					At GlucanBio, we know natural resources are precious. And using available natural resources like biomass, as efficiently as possible, is a global game-changer. That’s why we are developing a scalable, cost-efficient technology – to lead the change.
We know what to do.
	    						    					We’re not taking the typical approach; we’re focused on bio-chemicals and we’re discovering new market opportunities in addition to the existing drop-in furfural market. We’ll travel the globe to convert biomass to renewable chemicals, cost effectively.	    				
We’re ready to do it.
	    						    					North America is the ideal place to launch a commercial plant to prove our platform.  We’re exploring multiple locations and forming strategic partnerships to make it happen.	    				
GlucanBio was founded in 2012, based on technology developed from the University of Wisconsin and Center for Biorenewable Chemicals (CBiRC) at Iowa State. Our primary purpose is to produce furan derivatives from biomass with cost and performance advantages. The market opportunity is strong and relevant, not only for furfural, but also for HMF, DMF, and FDCA.Our team offers best-in-field expertise in catalysis, management, engineering scale-up, and early stage commercialization.Engaging great minds like Jim Dumesic, a world-renowned catalytic chemist, and Brent Shanks, a highly acclaimed principal in the industry, gives us an advantage in hurdling technical roadblocks.
Mr. Larry Clarke joined the team as in May, 2015. Larry is a former Executive Vice President with Bunge and brings more than 30 years of agribusiness experience including trading, international assignments and multiple Board positions providing a broad network of connections.
David Martin Alonso Ph.is Director, Research and Development for Dr. Alonso brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in catalysis having earned his Bachelor degree in Chemical Engineering at the University of Salamanca (Spain) and his Phat Catalysis and Petroleochemistry Research Institute (Spain). His doctoral thesis focused on the production of biodiesel using heterogeneous catalysis. In 2009 he moved began work with Prof. James Dumesic as a Research Associate at the University of Wisconsin-Madison studying new catalytic processes to convert lignocelluloses into valuable chemicals and fuels. He is (co)author of 9 patents and 36 peer-reviewed manuscripts and book chapters.
Duke Leahey is a founding member of Nidus Partners and adds more than 35 years of entrepreneurial, technology licensing and intellectual property management expertise to the team. Leahey specializes in the plant and life science industry, and provides ongoing support to in licensing and intellectual property strategy.
Director, Center for Biorenewable Chemicals at Iowa State University, Co-Founder and SusTerea Dr. Brent Shanks is a Steffenson Professor of Chemical and Biological Engineering at Iowa State University and Founding Director of the National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center for Biorenewable Chemicals (CBiRC). He received his degree from Iowa State University in 1983 and and Ph.degrees from the California Institute of Technology in 1985 and 1988, respectively. Dr. Shanks worked as a Research Engineer and Department Manager in the Catalyst Department at the Shell Chemical Company technology center in Houston, Texas (1988-1999). After joining the Iowa State University faculty in 1999, his work has primarily focused on the research and development of novel heterogeneous catalyst systems for efficiently converting biological-based feedstocks to chemicals and fuels. He is co-founder of two bio-based chemical related startup companies, Biorenewables, and SusTerea Biorenewables, LLC.
Jeff Fornero Ph.is Vice President, Engineering for Dr. Fornero brings a unique combination of industry and academic experience, including 20+ years of hands-on engineering at Shell Chemicals prior to launching his academic research career in bio-electrochemical systems. As founder of Six Convert, Dr. Fornero oversaw the merger with Electrochaea in August 2011 and went on to lead the successful scale up of the technology from lab to demonstration plant.
Sikander (Sikki) Hakim, Ph.is Project Leader, Research and Development for Dr. Sikander Hakim brings expertise in the field of chemical catalysis, in particular, for the production of bio-renewable fuels and chemicals. He received his Bachelors degree in Chemical Engineering at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay (India) and his Ph.at Iowa State University in Chemical Engineering working with Prof. Brent Shanks, specializing in the synthesis and applications of catalytic materials for biomass conversion. He moved to work with Prof. James Dumesic in 2010 as a Post Doctoral Research Associate, gaining experience with catalytic processes for biomass conversion. He has (co)authored 10 peer-reviewed manuscripts and patent.
Professor and Chairman College of Engineering, University of Wisconsin – Madison, Founder & Virent, Inc.
Vicki has more than 30 years of corporate and entrepreneurial experience having held operational and executive positions at DuPont and Monsanto. Ms. Gonzalez is a serial entrepreneur with experience in energy and agriculture start-ups.
Vicki brings more than 30 years of experience in leadership roles with Global Fortune 500 companies across a broad range of manufacturing, chemicals and materials industries
Terry has 25 years of experience in various operating roles in refining, specialty chemicals, plastics, process automation and steel in roles ranging from R&D, M&A, operations and executive leadership
Peter Keeling, Ph.D.
Director of the Innovation Program – Engineering Research Center for Biorenewable Chemicals (CBiRC), Iowa State UniversityGlucanBio
Strategic partners are important to our success. Current and prospective partners include engineering firms with expertise in processing, corporations interested in using our products, biomass producers interested in creating higher value products and investors interested in a return on investment.
