Arboricultural Specialists for Illinois & Beyond
At Technologies, LLC, our mission is to bring a professional and scientific approach to tree treatment and service by offering a thorough understanding of their health from the root system to the crown. We not only offer expert tree care and service, but also strive to educate the public on how we can promote the future health and well-being of trees to protect and preserve the Urban Forest. Before performing any tree removals, we'll take the time to educate our clients on health concerns facing their trees and possible alternatives for keeping their trees alive and well.International Society of Arboriculture (ISA), Certified Arborists on Staff
An arborist by definition is an individual who is trained in the art and science of planting, caring for, and maintaining individual trees. arborist certification is a nongovernmental, voluntary process by which individuals can document their base of knowledge. Certified Arborists are individuals who have achieved a level of knowledge in the art and science of tree care through experience and by passing a comprehensive examination developed by some of the nation's leading experts on tree care. Learn more about hiring a Certified Arborist.
The International Society of Arboriculture (ISA), Member
The International Society of Arboriculture, through research, technology, and education, promotes the professional practice of arboriculture and fosters a greater worldwide awareness of the benefits of trees.
is an qualification program that trains arborists how to use the methodologies outlined in the Best Management Practices for Tree Risk Assessment. This qualification promotes the safety of people and property by providing a standardized and systematic process for assessing tree risk.
The Society of Commercial Arboriculture Member
The Society of Commercial Arboriculture is a membership organization dedicated to the professional development of owners, managers, sales staff, and field personnel engaged in commercial and residential arboriculture by providing educational and networking opportunities.
The only safety credentialing program in the industry, TCIA's Certified Treecare Safety Professional program is designed to address several of the safety challenges that tree care companies face. More than a straightforward "safety trainer" credentialing program, teaches safety professionals strategies and tactics for changing the very culture of their organization. acts as a safety "coach," working to develop and nurture a culture of safety. The program provides the with a well-rounded education in safety concepts, plus the tools to effectively communicate these concepts.
Established in 1938, the Tree Care Industry Association is a trade association of more than 2,000 commercial tree care firms and affiliated companies. develops safety and education programs, standards of tree care practice, and management information for arboriculture firms around the world.
The Illinois Arborist Association is a non-profit organization that educates members in proper tree care and supports research on trees. Their mission is to foster interest, establish standards, exchange professional ideas and pursue scientific research in Arboriculture.
Mid-Atlantic Chapter of the International Society of Arboriculture (MAC-ISA)
The MAC-is a not for profit organization for arborists, urban foresters, and others involved in tree care. Their mission is to promote a culture of safety while fostering education and research that supports the care and benefits of trees. The chapter area includes District of Columbia, Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia.
Founded in 1963, Openlands is one of the oldest metropolitan conservation organizations in the nation and the only such group with a regional scope in the greater Chicago region. Openlands TreeKeepers work throughout the region to keep trees healthy, administering proper care and promptly recognizing and reporting harmful pests.
Chicago Region Trees Initiative (CRTI), Tree Risk Assessment and Management Work Group
Established in 2013, the is a partnership for coordinated action on key issues facing trees. It is the largest such initiative in the country, with leading organizations and agencies from across the seven-county metropolitan region working together. is leveraging funding, knowledge, skills, and expertise to build a healthier, more diverse regional forest.
Technologies, is proud to be a member of the Tree Risk Assessment and Management Work Group, whose goal is to improve tree risk assessment training and practices. This group also works on identifying the biggest risks to and from trees, including climate change, invasive plants and pests, and bio-mechanical failure, and coming up with a strategy to ameliorate these threats.
Daniel is an Certified Arborist with over 27 years in the industry.
Illinois Arborist Association Member
Chicago Region Trees Initiative - Tree Risk Management Work Group Member
The Society of Commercial Arboriculture Member
State of Illinois Department of Agriculture Commercial Pesticide Applicator License # CA04370247
Class Commercial Driver's License
Bernadino brings over 35 years of experience in the industry.
Angela offers over 23 years of experience in the industry.
Adrian is an Certified Arborist with over 14 years of experience in the industry.
Illinois Arborist Association Member
Class Commercial Driver’s License
Wayne is the owner of our sister company, Emerald Tree Care , and an Board-Certified Master Arborist.
Illinois Arborist Association Member
Brianna is the co-owner of our sister company, Emerald Tree Care .
State of Illinois Department of Agriculture Commercial Pesticide Applicator License
Certified Arborist ApprenticeTechnologies, is a family-owned and operated Urban Forestry Firm. Founded in 2008, we offer over 100 years of combined knowledge, experience, and education in the plant healthcare, arboricultural, horticultural, nursery, and landscape installation fields.
As an Urban Forestry Firm, we offer a different perspective than a traditional tree care company. Our goal is to maximize the benefits of trees in the Urban Forest and manage risks that could adversely impact their overall longevity. We focus on preserving the existing tree canopy whenever possible.
Our professional evaluations are driven by strong ethics and a passion for our industry. From the moment we step onto a client's property and into their space, we feel that we are stepping into their personal oasis. We take into consideration the microclimate that is unique to each client’s property to offer focused arboricultural solutions. consultative approach allows us to educate our clients and provide the reasoning behind any recommendations.
Leaders in The Fourth Wave of Conservation
Technologies, is a leader in the fourth wave of conservation. We use our knowledge and experience in the plant healthcare, arboricultural, horticultural, nursery, and landscape installation fields as a platform in relation to improving the Urban Forest. We utilize specific to further our understanding of urban ecosystems. Through these practices, we challenge outdated ideas in relation to tree care, our relationships with the land, and each other.
Technologies, conducts business in the state of Illinois as a registered foreign entity and services the greater Chicagoland area, Wisconsin, and Michigan with arboricultural and plant health care services.
We are a Virginia based headquartered on Virginia's beautiful Northern Neck. Our east coast operations include professional production tree harvesting for select growers of the finest high quality nursery stock. This nursery stock is then sold to landscape and re-wholesale markets along the eastern seaboard. We also service the greater Fredericksburg, Virginia area with high-end residential and commercial landscape installation of plant material and hardscaping.
GuardiansCareer Opportunities at GET
Technologies, is seeking self-driven and motivated men and women who want to be a part of a winning team. You will have the opportunity to not just have a job, but a pathway to excel professionally. If you think you might be a good fit, please email us or call the office at (630) 310-0220 for further instructions. Current open positions are listed below. 
Have 3-5 years’ experience in the tree care industry climbing trees
Have or can obtain the Certified Arborist certification
Must have a valid driver’s license, a good driving record, and willing to obtain Class “B” License
Be able to effectively communicate with management/crew members/clients
Be willing to demonstrate basic climbing skills during interview process
Be required to obtain First-Aid and training within 30 days of being hired
The following are qualifications held by an ideal candidate. If you don’t have all of the qualifications but have or wish to develop a real passion for trees and plants, are a quick learner, motivated, and would like to be a part of an educated team whose purpose is growing and protecting the urban forest and the landscapes in it, then we would love to have your application.
Have a desire and willingness to learn advanced skills in tree and plant identification as well as pest problems, and acquire the knowledge to select the right products and/or treatments per the issue
Be able to communicate effectively with clients and management to build and maintain excellent customer relations
Be willing and able to become an Certified Arborist within 6 months of employment
Be willing to continue learning
Be willing and able to become an Openlands certified TreeKeeper within the first 12 months of employment
Have the appropriate Pesticide Applicator License, or willingness to obtain
Be able to work independently and be self-directed
Have a desire to set and achieve goals and the ability to be a team player
Be willing to learn how to operate a “Spider Aerial Lift” for pruning or occasionally removal purposes
Be willing to learn how to operate a Skid steer
Be willing to learn how to back a large truck and chipper or trailer into tight spaces or driveways
Be willing to learn how to use a chainsaw for ground work and occasionally for aerial work
