Highlights the Environmental Benefits of Converting Flare Gas to Clean Fuels in an International Peer Reviewed Paper
Sacramento, California (July 10, 2018) – announced today that it has completed an international research study in collaboration with the National Renewable Laboratory (NREL) to determine the potential reduction of greenhouse gases and criteria pollutant emissions from theconversion…
Congratulates Carbon Engineering on Fuel Production From Atmospheric CO2
Sacramento, California : December 19, 2017 : today congratulates partner Carbon Engineering (CE) on achieving a key milestone in the conversion of atmospheric carbon dioxide and renewable hydrogen into premium synthetic fuels using a M-Class system delivered in October of this year.
Announces Final Investment Decision by Rocky Mountain to Construct Canadian Gas-to-Liquids Project
Sacramento, California, December 4, 2017 – Energy, Inc. today announced final investment decision by the Rocky Mountain Board of Directors to proceed with the construction of a commercial Gas to Liquids (“GTL”) plant 60 kilometers east of Calgary, near Carseland, Alberta called…
Greyrock, Tsinghua University and the Desert Research Institute Report on Research Studies that Assess the Potential of Using Clean  Synthetic Diesel Fuel to help Improve Beijing’s Air Quality
Sacramento, – Energy, Inc. in Sacramento, CA, announced today that it will participate with Tsinghua University of Beijing, China and Desert Research Institute (DRI) of Reno, Nevada to quantify the positive impact on air quality from the use of synthetic diesel fuels as compared with petroleum…
Advantage Midstream Announces Capital Sponsorship from Castlelake and Partnership with Anglo American Platinum Invests In Anglo American Platinum Limited (“Anglo American Platinum” or the “Company”) announces an investment in Energy, Inc. (Greyrock), the leader in small scale gas-to-liquids technology. Greyrock’s systems, use proprietary catalysts to convert methane rich feedstocks into premium transportation…
is committed to solving key environmental and challenges through application of its innovative technical solutions.
For many decades to come, the world will continue to rely on liquid fuels (gasoline and diesel) for transportation. Producing clean burning, premium fuels from waste and alternative feedstocks will be key to meeting the world’s increasing needs in an environmentally friendly manner.
Greyrock’s industry leading Direct Fuel Production™ systems produce premium, clean burning liquid fuels from alternative and waste resources including flare gas, natural gas, carbon dioxide, and other materials.
Contact Us today to see how can service your needs.
develops GreyCat™ catalyst that enables elimination of wax refining – a major unit operation required in GTL.
First pilot plant operations, focusing on reactor design, controls, and systems integration using GreyCat™ catalyst.
builds and operates the largest commercial demonstration unit of its kind in North America.
Previously founded and sold high technology companies
Extensive work in China at Ford Motor Company
Chairman and Unocal, acquired by Chevron in for $18 billion US
Chairman of Talisman for six years until their acquisition by Repsol in 2016 for $13 billion US
Previously 20 years at Ford Motor Company
Extensive global experience in finance, purchasing, strategy and new market development
Executive chairman of Eagle Oil & Gas Co., co-founded the company in 1976
He is also an active member of the Dallas Wildcat Committee, where he has served as chairman, as well as other various leadership roles.