It takes the most brilliant thinking on the ground to put the most innovative solutions in the air.
We don’t just dream up ideas that can change the world, we develop, manufacture and deliver them with exceptional service to one of the fastest growing industries on the planet. We are shaping a future of flight that is more intelligent, integrated and electric than ever before. It’s nothing short of incredible – and it’s in the air every day.
, which connects you to the aircraft through Collins Aerospace Tablet Interface Module (TIM
) and Aircraft Interface Device (AID), enabling improvements in operational efficiency by integrating flight planning, avionics data, flight performance tracking and weather data with real-time updates and notifications.
Collins Aerospace engineers have incorporated technology improvements, while retaining the proven performance of the legacy ACES-II
, to create the next generation 5
 ejection seat. Rigorous testing of 5
 has been conducted to validate the seat’s performance, reliability, and compliance with the latest safety requirements.
Featured Post: Developing the Next Generation of High-Lift Systems
Featured Article: Aerospace Systems is Ready to Extend the B-52’s Mission
							Aerospace Systems and Rockwell Collins are now one company - Collins Aerospace. To learn more about how we are redefining aerospace, please visit the Collins Aerospace website at the link below.
We partner with our suppliers to maintain a world-class, customer-centric and integrated supply chain.
Collins Aerospace is committed to creating a supply chain that delivers best-in-class products and services to our customers. To achieve excellence in cost, quality and delivery, and ultimately that competitive advantage, we are focused on optimizing our processes and tools, managing supplier performance and investing in talent and development.
First and foremost, we require our suppliers to meet our expectations for ethics and compliance as set forth in the 
If you believe your company is a match to our high ethical and compliance standards, the next step is to register! Our 
 allows you to provide us with information about your business. You will receive an email confirmation after completing the registration process, and you will be contacted if there is a potential business opportunity.
Please note that registering is not a guarantee of future business, but does give your company exposure across and its businesses.
							Aerospace Systems and Rockwell Collins are now one company - Collins Aerospace. To learn more about how we are redefining aerospace, please visit the Collins Aerospace website at the link below.
In 2017, Collins Aerospace announced a three-year, $1 million commitment to support Orbis International in their effort to cure avoidable blindness worldwide.
To inspire students to embrace science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) studies, we support programs that spark students’ interest and inspire innovation. We provide financial and employee support to programs like the (For Inspiration and of Science and Technology) robotics competitions. Employees with engineering and other professional backgrounds serve as coaches and mentors to students as they design and build robots to compete in nationwide Robotics games.
Giving that enhances the well-being of communities where our employees live and work encourages growth and vitality, and aids employee recruitment and retention. Our giving in this area focuses on community revitalization, health and human services, and arts and culture. We place a significant emphasis on United Way pledge campaigns, and the company and employees raise millions of dollars each year for local partner agencies.
Sustainable building practices promote environmental responsibility in urban areas. We initiate and participate in programs such as Habitat for Humanity, in which employees and the donate their time, talent and treasure to build and refurbish homes in local areas. And we facilitate a Green Initiatives mini grant program in which employees nominate “green projects” and work with local non-profit partners to protect, beautify or enhance our neighborhoods.
As a global leader, we are committed to investing in the countries where we do business. For instance, our involvement with the United Way of India supports programs to improve communities there by focusing on education, health and livelihood. All around the world, we measure success with the same set of financial, operational, ethical, environmental and safety standards.
Welcome to utcaerospacesystems.com!
Aerospace Systems and Rockwell Collins are now one company - Collins Aerospace. To learn more about how we are redefining aerospace, please visit the Collins Aerospace website at the link below.