Provides unmatched impressions as a flagship consumer engagement touch point at the center of the highest traffic area of the store: checkout.
Delivers strong sales lift, increased donations, and strong awareness with superior digital  printing and customer engagement customization.
Over the course of many years, we tested and perfected our product to ensure unmatched results for our clients. Whether it be improving antibacterial efficacy, or simply ensuring the best scratch-resistance and durability possible, MessageWrap is a highly-engineered technology for today’s marketplace. With no competitive products in existence, our patent-pending solution stands alone as the most effective communication tool the ever-important checkout area has to offer.
Through our many production runs with partner Mol Belting Systems, we have mastered the art of conveyor belt printing. Utilizing the latest digital printing methods, we create long-lasting, high resolution graphics while maintaining the full functionality of the checkstand.
We work with partners in a variety of different categories, including: consumer packaged goods, retailers, non-profit organizations, financial services companies, and anyone looking to message to shoppers. Contact us for more information on our full partner list.
"  Customers just loved the MessageWraps – improved look at checkout as well as the antibacterial surface. Our customers want to shop at a cleaner store. Thanks again!  "
"  Out of the 450+ belts installed, we experienced zero interruption to our stores’ front-end. We’re looking forward to our next MessageWrap program! Wonderful product!  "
"  Our customers and management team love the new look of our front-end. MessageWrap was the ideal solution for driving donations to our education foundation partnership.  "
"  Customers just loved the MessageWraps – improved look at checkout as well as the antibacterial surface. Our customers want to shop at a cleaner store. Thanks again!  "
"  Out of the 450+ belts installed, we experienced zero interruption to our stores’ front-end. We’re looking forward to our next MessageWrap program! Wonderful product!  "
is a retail company helping retailers rethink and re-imagine their operations by bringing original in-store and checkout area surface solutions to the marketplace. All of our products are coated with GoodArmor antibacterial, powered by mPale (#83129-1).
Compass Marketing functions as the main force behind sales and marketing services for MessageWrap customers. As strategic advisors to the world’s top consumer products manufacturers, Compass drives increased sales and brand awareness for its clients. Compass Marketing has grown to proudly represent a powerful portfolio of Fortune 100 clients, who collectively have over $200 billion in annual sales.
Founded in 1986, Mol Belting Systems is a manufacturer, fabricator, and wholesaler of process conveyor belting for a wide array of industries around the world.  With a reputation built around customer focused innovations, creativity and resourcefulness, Mol Belting manufactures the majority of checkstand conveyor belts in the market and is a leading edge production partner for MessageWrap.
You can also fill out the form below and we will reach out to you directly with more information on working together!
*MessageWrap is treated with an EPA-registered antibacterial (mPale #83129-1) which protects the surface from odors and stains caused by bacteria and mold.