It's Back! We know you value short lead times, and that's why we brought back the Rapid5 Day Program which shipment of machinery within 5 days or less, at no additional charge!      
has introduced their New and Combination Shrink Systems, with all new features and great efficiencies throughout the new lines.
Since 1966, the Ampak equipment brand has been a leader in skin packaging and vertical bagging technology. Ampak products offer a complete line of skin packaging, vertical bagging, blister packaging, and die cutting systems. purchased Ampak in 1994.
About manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries.  Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve.  All products are manufactured in Cleveland, Ohio.
  			  Since 1966, the Ampak equipment brand has been a leader in skin packaging and vertical bagging technology. Ampak products offer a complete line of skin packaging, vertical bagging, blister packaging, and die cutting systems.
 purchased Ampak, a leading manufacturer of Skin Packaging machinery and related products. This acquisition allowed to bypass years of product development and immediately become a full line industrial packaging machinery source.
was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1966 as the original manufacturer of Skin packaging machinery and vertical bagger machinery. To this day, Ampak 
 and vertical baggers set the standard of quality and value in the industry.
Ampak's complete line of 
 is of the highest quality and the easiest to use and can function as standalone units or be integrated with automatic infeed and outfeed systems, along with die cutters to automate the skin packaging process. The Shipmate or Master skin packaging machines can also be used as thermoforming machines and coupled with a die cutter to create your own blisters. All Ampak skin packaging machines use the energy efficient patented Spirad™ instant heater elements.
	manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries.  Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve.  All products are manufactured in Cleveland, Ohio.
About manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries, all in Cleveland, Ohio.  specializes in industrial packaging, food service equipment and stainless steel tables.
At Seal, we strive to provide quality products at a great price.  Proudly Made in the USA, is committed to great customer service, high quality products and legendary reliability.
was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1950 as a stretch wrapping machinery and related products manufacturer.  Seal's commitment to quality and innovation allowed the company to fast become a major machinery supplier for the supermarket industry. The continued success of in this market enabled the company to innovate and develop machines for different packaging methods.
In the late 1980's, directed its packaging machinery expertise toward the Shrink Packaging industry. applied the same winning formula of quality and innovation to Shrink Packaging. Quickly, became a major producer of manual and semi-automatic Sealers and Shrink Tunnels , as well as Combination Shrink Systems .
In 1994, purchased Ampak , a leading manufacturer of Skin Packaging machinery and related products. This acquisition allowed to bypass years of product development and immediately become a full line industrial packaging machinery source.
was founded in Cleveland, Ohio in 1966 as the original manufacturer of Skin packaging machinery and vertical bagger machinery. To this day, Ampak skin packaging and vertical baggers set the standard of quality and value in the industry.
and Ampak are a quality manufacturing source for packaging machinery in a multitude of packaging methods.  Since the acquisition, both companies have expanded and improved their existing product lines.  All product lines now offer many standard features, multiple sizes and a list of options second to none in the industry.
Over the last several years, has continued to innovate its packaging product.   new line of Heavy Duty Bar Sealers , Heavy Duty Shrink Tunnels and Heavy Duty Combo Systems have been designed to complement its current line and offer a full line of features.   Semi-Automatic and Automatic Bundlers  have been developed to offer our customers more packaging options for bundling products manually or automatic.  For speed requirements in the shrink industry, our Automatic Sealer and Shrink Tunnel Combo System has been introduced to help packagers take a step toward packaging automation.  
Seal's latest innovation is the Energy Smart® Wrapper is a stretch film overwrapper with on demand sealing technology.  The new wrapper provides significant energy conservation, compared to old style stretch film overwrappers. 
introduced their all new Combination Shrink Systems for their industrial segment.  The machine have been designed from the ground up with all new features.  In this segment, the Express is also brand new.   
See what is currently up to on our News page and our Events page.
Please don't forget to view our Legal Info page.
Seal, manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging markets.  Founded in 1950, is known for their food processing and packaging equipment, such as stretch film overwrappers, ScaleMates, pineapple peeler and corers, cheese cutters, and heavy duty stainless steel tables.  also specializes in shrink packaging equipment, and wrappers and bundlers for the consumer products and industrial markets.  After purchasing Ampak in 1994, expanded their reach into skin packaging and vertical bagging.  All products are manufactured within the  Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve. Seal, is located in Cleveland, Ohio.  
About manufactures a full line of packaging and process equipment for the food service and industrial packaging industries.  Seal's commitment to quality and innovation has allowed the company to continue to be the leader within the markets they serve.  All products are manufactured in Cleveland, Ohio.
