Experienced industry executive Keith Rose joins Solar. More details here.
The Easiest Commercial Inverter Install in the Industry
See Power World's Kathie Zipp Give our TrueString a Try
Faster, Easier, Better – Tomorrow’s Technology Today
The 3-Phase digital inverter
Innovative, patented technology gives
TrueString inverter - each string separately managed,  means different lengths for each string ok
Easy to lay out even awkward roofs - move across a roof filling all available spaces as you go
Easy to reconfigure design later as project parameters change
NEMA6 enclosure, no fans or filters, no electrolytic capacitors
Great for problem installs where space is an issue, noise level is an issue, or the inverter needs to be invisible
Ideal for salt air, high altitude and desert environments
Perfect for under-array mounting, carports, and tracker systems where you want no wiring in the mud
is so Yesterday
No conduit  runs
output at the array meets Rapid-Shutdown requirements
Connectors are certified disconnects
Get more out of your array for longer
Accommodate East-West and less then ideal array layouts with ease
Deliver peak power for the life of the system
Silent operation
Cooperative Community Energy,
8k- 24 lb. and no bigger than a briefcase
Carry it up a ladder and across a roof by yourself
Easy to handle
High 98.6% efficiency
Unmatched power density
Powerline communication runs through the cabling
Connects to Gateway, up to 200 inverters
Touch screen control for easy control and viewing on site
View it later on your smart phone or computer
Remote command and control for easy operation
Connectors are certified disconnects
Plug and play design allows for easy installation and replacement if needed
Maximum harvest with 98.6% peak efficiency and single string for best harvest
Per-string monitoring granularity helps fast isolation of issues
No maintenance - no fans, filters, displays to wear out
Solve in a single visit
Plug & play disconnects do not require an electrician to perform unit swaps
480TrueString String Inverter
208TrueString String Inverter
FAQs - Inverter
FAQs - GW
Eastern Regional Sales Manager
Mid Atlantic  Regional Sales Manager
Phone: (408) 239-4(408-239-4447)
For support on OutBack Power's ProHarvest products, contact them directly 
Director of Customer Support
Demitrius Thompson
Technical Support Technician
Submitting Form...
The server encountered an error.
Form received.
innovates in the area of power and renewable energy.
Founded in 2009, the company draws on decades of industry experience in high-tech, with a veteran team from the precision communications test and measurement field. With a successful track record of bringing leading-edge products to market, we use a systematic approach to reliability and user-focused design. We are privately held and based in Silicon Valley, a world center for innovation.
The Only 3-Phase String Inverter Designed Specifically for Rooftops
About UsChief Executive Officer
Rob has over seventeen years of operational experience in the automotive industry, and a further nine years in solar. Three and a half of those were spent at Enphase Energy where he was the Senior Director of Global Manufacturing, overseeing a significant expansion in production volumes. He has worked for United Technologies, Daimler, Chrysler and General Motors. He has international experience having worked in Asia, Mexico, Spain, Germany and the U.K.. Rob has an undergraduate degree in Engineering and an from the University of Chicago; he is also a Six Sigma certified Master Black Belt (MBB).
Founder and CTO
His 30 years of product development work has resulted in numerous technology patents in the United States, Germany, Europe, and Japan. Most recently, Andre worked at SyntheSys Research, a Menlo Park, signal integrity test equipment company, where he was Chief Scientist. He was Vice President of System Development at Guzik Technical Enterprises in Mountain View, CA, and held similar positions at Electrotest Engineering and Test Systems in Germany. He graduated from Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology (Fizteh) with a Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering and Applied Physics.
Principal Engineer and Co-Founder
Clint's skills in the areas of embedded system design, and design, and his proficiencies in various computer languages enable him to contribute to hardware and software product design at the highest levels. Clint's recent experience at SyntheSys Research in Menlo Park, as Senior Engineer has resulted in several patents. Previously, Clint worked at Ampex Data Systems in Redwood City, as a design engineer, and at Audicon Design Laboratories. He graduated with honors from Texas A&University, where he was an Engineering Scholar.
Vice President of Sales
Keith is a renewable and industry veteran with extensive international experience. He has worked in a number of leadership roles. Most notably he was an executive at technology provider Solmetric, which was acquired by Vivint in 2014. At Vivint, Keith was in charge of launching Vivint's C&division.  He received an from Fordham Business School, and holds degrees in Chemical Engineering and Economics.
