Leverage the vast potential of our materials for your next generation R&and 2025 solutions.
Group plays an important role in responding to the automotive industry’s demand for high performance and better fuel economy, by supplying a wide array of highly functional products derived from proven advanced materials and backed by extensive R&D.
Materials & Products
Amorphous & Nanocrystalline
Automotive Castings
Cable Systems
Permanent Magnets
Specialty & Tool Steel
Automotive Components & Materials
Molding Materials & Cutting Tools
Engines & Exhaust System
Electirc & Electonics
Inverter-Related & Noise Suppression
Infrastructure / Energy
Manufacturing Devices
Clean Energy Technology
Aircraft Component Material
Industrial Equipment
Power Supply Components
Rubber & Others
and Panels Displays
Electronics Materials
Display & Semiconductor Package Comp
Medical & Analytical Equipment
Medical Device Components
Semiconductor Components
Georgia World Congress Center - Atlanta, GA
Indiana Convention Center - Indianapolis, IN
McCormick Place - Chicago, IL
Americasmart - Atlanta, GA
The Battery Show
Suburban Collection Showplace - Novi, MI
Corporate Offices
America will showcase our die casting die steels featuring Magic & also our Sialon Ceramic Shot Sleeves
America will promote our stamping dies steels such as Magic & matrix steels.
2017 is next in a series of technology trade shows and symposium programs sponsored biannually by Forging Industry Association since 1970. The program has been carefully developed and planned to provide important networking opportunities between forgers and vendors... opportunities closer than generally available at any other forging industry program. Supplier companies from throughout the world that would like to exhibit, demonstrate and talk about their products and services in front of a worldwide audience of forging industry customers are invited to register as exhibitors at 2017.
Forge Fair 2015 was the largest Forge Fair ever, in both number of exhibitor booths and attendees. Exhibit booths sold out early for Forge Fair 2015, leaving many potential exhibitors shut out. Don't wait until the last minute to register your booth. Reserve early assuring you of a premium location.
he premier conference for companies supplying to the automotive industry.
This annual program delivers attendees with the most timely automotive forecast information, legal and regulatory updates that impact current and future business and insights on customer requirements.
More than 150 of your peer executives will be in attendance for the 2017 program. Don’t miss your opportunity to join them!
The Metalcasting Congress is the industry's pinnacle conference and trade show event that brings together suppliers, foundries and casting customers.
America will be exhibiting here jointly with Waupaca Foundry
Technical and Management Presentations
Join your fellow casting professionals and designers and buyers of castings in the heart of the industry at the 121st Metalcasting Congress in Milwaukee, for discussions and discovery of the ever-evolving world of metalcasting.
Amerimold is the Event for Mold Manufacturing. Introduced as the MoldMaking Expo in 1999, the annual tradeshow and technical conference addresses the business development, best practices and networking interests of the plastic injection mold manufacturing industry. Amerimold is owned and operated by 4th-generation, family-owned Gardner Business Media and is presented by MoldMaking Technology magazine, Plastics Technology magazine and Modern Machine Shop magazine. Amerimold attendees are owners, executives, engineers and managers at OEMs and contract manufacturers. Amerimold exhibitors are equipment suppliers, service providers and tool & mold makers. Average show attendance is 2,500 registrants.
The Battery Show 2017 is the premier showcase of the latest advanced battery technology. The exhibition hall offers a platform to launch new products, make new contacts and maintain existing relationships. With more qualified buyers and decision makers than any other event in North America, The Battery Show 2017 is the key to unlocking your future business opportunities.
The Battery Show is attended by engineers, project managers, technical leaders, buyers and senior executives concerned with advanced energy storage and will host the very latest advanced battery solutions for electric & hybrid vehicles, utility & renewable energy support, portable electronics, medical technology, military and telecommunications.
The Battery Show 2017 will co-locate with Electric & Hybrid Vehicle Technology Expo, the premier showcase for electric and hybrid vehicle technology and innovation. The show is a free-to-attend manufacturing and engineering exhibition and will be attended by leading automotive and off-highway vehicle engineers, business leaders, technical experts, consultants and R&professionals, all looking for greater efficiency and safety while reducing the overall cost of e-mobility.
The 2017 Die Casting Congress & Tabletop will be held September 18-20, 2017, at the Atlanta Convention Center at the Americasmart in Atlanta, This event will include three days of Congress sessions.
North America’s largest metal forming, fabricating, welding and finishing event heads to McCormick Place in Chicago, The upcoming event is expected to cover more than 725,000 net square feet and anticipates over 40,000 attendees and 1,700 exhibiting companies. provides a convenient ‘one stop shop’ venue where you can meet with world-class suppliers, see the latest industry products and developments, and find the tools to improve productivity, increase profits and discover new solutions to all of your metal forming, fabricating, welding and finishing needs.Search
Materials & Products
Infrastructure / Energy
Corporate Offices
America Ltd., headquartered in Purchase, NY, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ltd. and has approximately 7,400 employees as of April 1, 2016. Since its inception in 1965, the company manufactures and markets a broad range of products. It has 12 manufacturing subsidiaries and 5 sales offices in the serving automotive, industrial, telecommunications and information technology, semiconductor, consumer products and energy segments.
Metals, Ltd.
Metals, Ltd., (TSE: 5486), headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, with consolidated revenue totaled about 1,018 billion yen ($9.03 billion) in fiscal 2015 (ended March 31, 2016), is one of the major member companies of the Group. manufactures and markets a diverse portfolio of high-grade metal products and materials, magnetic materials and applications, high-grade functional components and equipment, wires, cables and related products. To learn more, visit http://www.hitachi-metals.co.jp/e/
Hitachi, Ltd. (TSE: 6501), headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, delivers innovations that answer society’s challenges. The company's consolidated revenues for fiscal 2015 (ended March 31, 2016) totaled 10,034.3 billion yen ($88.8 billion). The Group is a global leader in the Social Innovation Business, and it has approximately 335,000 employees worldwide. Through collaborative creation, is providing solutions to customers in a broad range of sectors, including Power / Energy, Industry / Distribution / Water, Urban Development, and Finance / Government & Public / Healthcare. For more information on Hitachi, please visit the company's website at http://www.hitachi.com .Search
Materials & Products
Infrastructure / Energy
Metals, Ltd. Has Completed The Acquisition Of Three Entities
February 11, 2016 News Release (format,  100 kBytes)
Metals' MB20Soft Ferrite Core Materials Withstand 130°Temperatures
February 10, 2015 News Release (format,  157 kBytes)
Corporate Offices
Materials & Products
Infrastructure / Energy
There were errors on the form, please make sure all fields are filled out correctly (see above).
Upon retrieval, verify customer number.
Make desired payment.
Applied To (Invoice/Quote/Num.)
Card Holder Name
We will confirm payment and offer a printable receipt.
Materials & Products
Infrastructure / Energy
Community Relations at America (HMA) is orchestrated by Community Action Committees known as CACs. is a team of non-management corporate employees dedicated to identifying key issues in the community and recommending actions to the company and its employees.  Actions such as volunteerism, in-kind donations, and financial contributions are creatively combined to increase the positive impact upon the community.
To encourage employee involvement and commitment to  community service 
To  promote team building and support collaborative activities 
To empower  employees to think and act responsibly 
To exemplify good corporate citizenship 
To foster a spirit of goodwill between and the community 
Community Action Committees WORK
Corporate Headquarters, Purchase, NY
Detroit Sales Office, Novi, 
North Carolina, China Grove, NC
empowers its employees by delegating  the total responsibility of  qualifying non-profit organizations and distributing funds to grantees within their respective communities.
Corporate Offices
We will continuously take up the challenge afforded by new technologies and, by affirming our manufacturing tradition, we will create endless possibilities and great value.
...our customers' trust in us by fulfilling our responsibilities.
...the unleashing of our imaginations and energies, coupled with tenacious execution.
Our Business Philosophy
America, Ltd. is an integral supplier of highly functional component materials that draw on its competitive core technologies. With products that are recognized as leading global brands, it operates in the automobile-, electronics- and industrial infrastructure & energy-related markets, guided by the overarching theme of "global environmental protection."
Applying the key concepts of "eco-friendliness," "safety" and "comfort". supplies a wide range of automotive-related products. In the electronics-related market, the Company offers a host of items that are "energy-saving," "compact and lightweight," and "highly integrated,". In infrastructure & energy-related fields, which encompass equipment for building, housing, and manufacturing and power utilities, "energy savings," "safety" and "comfort" are key principles underlying a product lineup.leader in the manufacture of cast aluminum automotive parts.
International supplier of quality tool steel, alloy steel, powder metal, mold steel, carbon steel, stainless steel and aluminum products and services.
Leading mold manufacturer and supplier of precision machined components that is capable of prototype to production quantities.
Manufacturing components and cables for braking systems and for automotive industry.
Manufacturing components for braking systems and for automotive industry.
900 Holt Ave., East Industrial Park
manufactures and sells rubber products and automotive components.
Circuito El Marqués Norte #76 Parque Industrial El Marqués
North Carolina produces arc segment magnets for use in motor applications, primarily in the automotive and general purpose motor markets.
Specializes in complete, in-house solutions for medical tubing applications and products.
Metglas is the world's leading producer of amorphous metal ribbon and components.
leading maker and distributor of piping components used in thousands of installations worldwide.
117 Gulick St.
Blossburg, 16912
