Social Innovation Business
Social Innovation Forum 2018 TOKYO
Meeting for Institutional Investors / Financial Analysts on Q2 FY2018 Earnings
Briefing on the Progress of the 2018 Mid-term Management Plan
Get the latest information on major events the Group either organize or join.
Exhibition and Event Information
The innovations we have made throughout our journey
Social Innovation Business
What is Hitachi's Social Innovation
Social Innovation Business
Take on this unpredictable business age together with Technology/H.
Social Innovation Business
Social Innovation Business
Research & Development
Donates 6 Million Yen to Support Quake-Tsunami Victims in Palu City, Indonesia
Integrated Report 2018 / Annual Report
Research & Development
Message from Top Management
President & CEO
See the list of Group companies.
Exhibition and Event Information
Get the latest information on major events the Group either organize or join.
Consolidated Financial Results for the Year ended March 31, 2018
Sustainability Report
Group's Sustainability Report is available for download in PDF.
Social Innovation Business
See how focuses on the power of ideas and the importance of co-creation.
The latest technical journal features on Digital Work-style Innovation.
The Tree On-Line
Message from Top Management
Message from Top Management
February 1, 1920 [Founded in 1910]
6-6, Marunouchi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-8280 Japan
Toshiaki Higashihara
Representative Executive Officer, President & CEO
Capital & Number of employees
458,790million yen (as of end of March 2018)
Number of employees
Consolidated number of employees
(for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018)
Outline 2018-2019 / Corporate Video "Behind the Name Hitachi"
"Behind the Name Hitachi" is a brief introduction of the Group. This approximately four-minute video captures the history of the Group, its global commitments, and its aspiration to become the Innovation Partner for the Ioera.
Directors and Executive Officers
Get the latest information on major events the Group either organize or join globally.
Christmas Light-Up is located in the street of Orchard Road, a key shopping area in Singapore. During this season, around 5 millions of people from all over the world visit the Christmas Light-Up.
Glissando Golf Club, Chiba, Japan
Hitachi's sponsored yearly golf tournament featuring the top 18 players from the women, men, and senior tours (6 from each). The website linked is in Japanese.
The event started in 2009, organized by Ladies Professional Golf Association of Taiwan (TLPGA). This year will mark the event’s eleventh time.
20th IC&EXPO
Tokyo Big Sight, Tokyo, Japan
Recently, it has come to our attention that a fraudulent job recruitment email by using a fake domain "info@hitachigroups.com" has been circulating in India, notifying job seekers of shortlisting and interviews in return for a refundable deposit.
does not use such a domain. Please note that will never request for monetary deposits (whether refundable or not) in return for interviews, shortlistings or promise of appointment.