Energy’s proprietary torrefaction and densification technologies turn woody biomass and agricultural residue into solid biofuel for use in biomass boilers or as a substitute for coal in coal-fired boilers. Our TorrB® torrefied biomass briquettes are water-resistant and can be shipped without cover and stored without cover, with significant transportation and handling savings. Their water resistance and grindability make them a clean fuel alternative to coal in coal-fired power plants.
has completed a two-year testing phase in its Oregon torrefaction facility. We have demonstrated our process using agricultural residue,  juniper and pine forest residue and mill residue. The half ton/hour demonstration plant is in the process of being sold in its entirety to a customer. Early next year it will be dismantled and moved.
is now ready to license its technology to viable partners for commercial plant construction. Torrefied biomass offers considerable environmental and economic benefits: 
Pound for pound, same as western coal and 30% more than raw wood pellets
Greenhouse gas neutral, with no mercury or sulfur emissions and a 30% reduction in nitrous oxide emissions
Improvement of forest health, while dramatically reducing the growing risk of catastrophic forest fires. Our process can use low commercial value forest waste as feedstock (not clean wood chips or wood pellets), providing a market for public and private foresters who want to reduce fuel stocked stands by thinning.
Improvement of air quality in forest and farming areas, when forest slash or agricultural slash piles are used as feedstock for fuel rather than burned in place.
Creation of 1200 direct family wage jobs in Oregon alone, with thousands of additional jobs possible in other states
Torrefied biomass to replace coal
is a technology provider. Our proprietary technology converts biomass into clean using torrefaction and densification into hard briquettes which can be shipped and stored without cover. Forest waste is currently often gathered and burned in place to alleviate the risk of later catastrophic forest fires. We believe the in those forest slash piles can be harnessed to become biofuel for coal and biomass-fired power plants.
Torrefied biomass to replace coal
There is a lot of information on this website about torrefaction. But you may be interested in learning more more about or torrefaction of woody biomass. For more specfics as to how clean wood can be, what we do with organic volatiles, cost comparisons with coal, transportation costs, test burns, analytical data on sulfur and mercury content, slag build up in the boiler, and general biomass availability, please read our 
Hiroshi has experience developing a new innovative polysilicon technology from R&through pilot plant to full commercial production. In 1977 Hiroshi and Bill Breneman were intimately involved in technical and managerial leadership roles in the Low Cost Silicon Solar Array Project funded by the Department of Energy.
Hiroshi was also instrumental in facilitating the integration technology purchased by Union Carbide from Komatsu Electronic Materials for the pyrolysis of silane into polysilicon rods, the favored shape factor for the electronic industry and solar industries. This technology was demonstrated in the semi-commercial scale facility and later up-scaled to a $250 million, 1200 ton/year facility which began operation in Moses Lake in 1985.
Today, the original Moses Lake facility continues to produce high quality materials for use in both electronic and photovoltaic applications. While ownership of the enterprise has changed hands over the past thirty years, the basic process remains fundamentally unchanged as the leading technology for low cost and high quality.
Bill, together with Hiroshi, has experience developing a new innovative polysilicon technology from R&through pilot plant to full commercial production. In 1977 Morihara and Breneman were intimately involved in technical and managerial leadership roles in the Low Cost Solar Array Project funded by the Department of Energy. The goal of the overall program was to demonstrate the feasibility and practicality of production of terrestrial photovoltaic systems based on silicon. While working for Union Carbide Corp. under a DOE/contract, Bill was responsible as Principal Investigator for developing a process for large scale production of silane with a quality suitable for the production of “solar grade” silicon. Bill also developed analytical methods for monitoring the quality of the silane and polysilicon. As the program moved through the various stages of development, Bill became the lead design engineer for a world scale facility designed to produce silane and polycrystalline silicon. Bill currently provides technology consulting services to the successor company, Silicon.
As the project manager, David first expanded the pilot plant  facility, then worked to provide as well as the design and construction of our first commercial plant.  His primary role is to coordinate and manage the various parties involved including technology providers, design engineering firms, and equipment suppliers.  In addition, David has extensive process engineering knowledge that is applied to develop and improve Energy’s technology. David has much experience in taking projects from start-up status to finished commercial plant.
Howard contributed to the success of the polysilicon project (see Hiroshi Morihara bio) as Quality Assurance manager to make the product attractive not only to the solar cell industry but also to the semiconductor industry. Prior to polysilicon work, Howard Dawson worked many years in the pulp and paper industries acquiring a deep understanding of wood chemistry.
Andrew has over 25 years of experience in semiconductor and solar wafer processing—from innovative process equipment design to start-up and trouble shooting of various pieces of process equipment and managerial work. He was responsible for coming up with the concept for, and designing of, our proprietary Pressure Steam Pulping (PSP) system used in wood chip pretreatment, as well as our first and second generation torrefiers.
October 22, 2016 “Oregon company ready to license its biomass technology,” Capital Press  “An Oregon company showed off a demonstration facility where it converts forest slash to biomass briquettes, and said it is prepared to license the technology and sell it world-wide. Read more of this news…
October 19, 2016 “Japanese company to build Oregon plant after honing biomass-for-coal process,” Portland Business Journal   “An Oregon company on Tuesday unveiled technology that could help keep coal-fired power plants running in the United States and around the world – without the coal. Read more of this news…
October 18, 2016 “Oregon company opens torrefied briquette demo plant,” Biomass Magazine   “An Oregon company that has been working toward commercialization of a torrefied biomass briquetting technology for several years has successfully completed a demonstration-scale plant in Troutdale, Oregon. And, the company announced, it is licensing its technology to a Japanese utility that intends to site a commercial-scale facility in the U.S.”   Read more of this news…
October 18, 2016 “News Release: New Tech Cuts Air Pollutants,”  Oregon Business Magazine “Energy, an Oregon-based cleantech startup, has developed a proprietary process that has the potential to cut air pollution from two major sources– coal-fired power plants and waste wood burned by logging operations — while creating hundreds of new jobs in rural timber communities.”   Read more of this news…
May 17, 2013 “Biomass: Torrefaction case study,” Renewableenergyfocus.com    This article by Andrew Mourant first examines Topell, the first torrefaction company, and explores why torrefaction progress has been slow in the is used as a case study. Read more of this news…
April 4, 2013 “Torrefied Pellet Pursuit,” Biomass Magazine  In the U.S., commercial supplies of torrefied wood pellets are difficult to secure. What’s holding up market development? Read more of this news…
March 23, 2012 “Cleantech Open offers startups access to cash,” Sustainable Business Oregon  Now in its fourth year, Cleantech Open is a way for emerging green businesses to “find, fund and foster” the next generation of sustainable businesses. Read more of this news…
2012 “Developing Clean Energy, One Briquette at a time,”    Hiroshi Morihara has had a long, distinguished career in business; from being a mechanical engineer, inventing silicon manufacturing processes, starting up manufacturing plants, working as a consultant in semiconductor and biotech industries and… Read more of this news…
completed its state-of-the-art biomass torrefaction plant in early summer of 2016. Oregon Senator Ron Wyden spoke at the facility grand opening, where he stated, “We in Oregon have an opportunity to show … the world how to do biomass right.” Since its completion has performed numerous long, continuous operations of equipment with a variety of biomass. The facility is in the process of being sold in its entirety. It will be dismantled in early 2019 and moved to the new owner.
used its demonstration plant to test its torrefaction and densification technologies on diverse and challenging feedstock types such as juniper and pine forest waste, mill residue and agricultural residue.
Torrefied biomass, when co-fired with coal, or used to replace coal entirely, can extend the life of coal-fired plants while reducing environmental impacts and helping rural forest communities with markets for low-value wood and providing needed family wage jobs. It is much more dense than raw wood pellets and can be stored outdoors without cover. While new, torrefaction technology is proven and gaining ground… in our review of torrefaction companies, the Endowment has identified what we believe to be one of the best candidates to move forward — Energy.” — Carlton Owen, President & CEO, Endowment for Forestry and Communities
The race is on to build the world’s first successful, economically viable commercial torrefaction facility, with some interesting results. Some companies have produced product that isn’t water resistant and can only withstand 5-minute soaks in water.  Most companies use expensive feedstock, such as clean wood chips or even saw dust, driving up their prices. Some companies use unnecessarily expensive equipment. Virtually all other torrefaction companies use binders in their pellets.
has demonstrated its technology, which can use low-cost woody biomass as feedstock directly from the forest or rangeland. Our proprietary technology can torrefy this biomass and densify it without the use of binders into sturdy, water resistant briquettes that have withstood 24-hour soak tests.
We are actively seeking investors and licensees to build commercial plants using our technology. For more information, please contact us.
completed a $4 million half ton/hour demonstration facility in 2016 in order to demonstrate its unique torrefaction and densification technologies on a variety of biomass feedstocks. The facility is in process of being sold and transferred to a new owner and location.
Been granted three patents, with a fourth pending
Performed multi-day runs using our unique mass flow torrefier, and densified torrefied material on 50,000-tons-per-year equipment without use of a binder, yet resulting in water resistant briquettes.
Conducted grindability tests leading to successful test burns in a small pulverized coal combustion plant at Western Research Institute in Wyoming, where the fuel injection system was configured to match that of a 585 pulverized coal-fired power plant in Boardman, Oregon. This successful test burn achievement included co-firing with coal as well as firing TorrB® biomass exclusively.
Produced dense, high quality water resistant briquettes from juniper, cedar, pine, and fir, mostly from eastern Oregon forests, as well as from mill residue (fir).
Produced dense, high quality water resistant briquettes from agricultural residue.
2012 OregonBest Commercialization Grant: Collaborative project with Oregon State University to perform pre-commercial emissions testing of common Oregon biomass fuels
2011 USDA-Phase 2 Grant: In this Phase 2 commercialization grant, researched densification issues with regard to a number of different forest waste feedstocks, culminating with densification runs on commercial equipment using proprietary modifications.
2010 Endowment for Forestry and Communities Award: The Endowment award contributed greatly to building our torrefaction process and equipment testing facility
2010 USDA-Phase 1 Grant: This first grant explored how to remove contaminants from forest waste such as juniper and western pine without using water so it could be torrefied and turned into clean fuel for coal-fired power plants
