Trucks, was founded in 2007 by entertainment professionals to provide the industry with the most state-of-the-art and eco-friendly transportation services and logistics available anywhere in the world.
Our company is dedicated to research and development to offer the latest technological advancements in our fleet, while relentlessly searching for the latest advancements in eco friendly practices to reduce carbon footprints and environmentally toxic substances.
With offices across the country, Trucks, is expanding daily. Our fleet currently consists of over 300 units, diversified through over 40 types of trucks, trailers, and specialty items readily available to meet any of your production needs at a moment’s notice.
Our team of staff and service professionals are standing by to handle even the most difficult request.
Contact us today to see why Trucks, is the fastest growing and premier entertainment transportation company in the world!
© 2014 Trucks, All Rights Reserved. The and Ecoluxe brands are registered trademarks of Trucks, LLCto provide state-of-the-art eco-friendly fleet of vehicles to Mississippi Film Studios to further expand the reach of “South"
16, 2014, ORLEANS—Trucks, the nation’s fastest growing entertainment transportation provider, has signed an exclusive five-year deal to provide production vehicles at Mississippi’s largest studio facility, Mississippi Film Studios (MFS). Under the leadership of Andre Champagne and his partners, has flourished in Louisiana, serving approximately 90% of film and series recently filmed in the state. Trucks’ specialized expertise and innovation in eco-friendly film transportation services led to their expansion into Georgia with Pinewood Atlanta Studios in May of 2014, and now Mississippi Film Studios in Canton, MS.
“The team is excited to partner with one of the newest members of the growing ‘South’ family,” said Andre Champagne, of Trucks. “Our expansion into Mississippi indicates the tremendous growth of the southern region’s film industry in recent years. This new platform has enabled to continue to focus on eco-friendly fleet innovation, while growing our brand in exciting new locations like Mississippi Film Studios. Our team looks forward to a long and successful relationship with Rick Moore and MFS.”
Since 2007, has grown from seven vehicles into a 400-unit fleet of more than 40 types of trucks, trailers, and specialty production equipment. In 2013, introduced their state-of-the-art Ecoluxe line of high-end ecologically friendly and technologically advanced talent trailers that quickly became in demand by A-list stars filming in Louisiana. Trucks’ latest version of the Ecoluxe brand are the only talent trailers on the market to achieve Green Certification and run off 100% clean energy—solar and thermal panels provide 100% of the power to the trailer. The entire fleet, including the new Ecoluxe trailers will now be available at Mississippi Film Studios.
“We’re in an extremely exciting time for the Mississippi film industry. Filmmakers are realizing that our state is an amazing place to make films, and Mississippi Film Studios’ new partnership with is a huge boost for our thriving market,” said Rick Moore, President of Mississippi Film Studios. “The level of service, inventory and technology that brings to Mississippi can’t be overstated, and we’re thrilled about where this partnerships will lead us.”
The film and entertainment industries in Louisiana and Mississippi continue to show positive growth, earning them the title of “South.” According to a recent study by Film L.A., Louisiana accounted for the largest share of live-action production in the world with 18 feature films produced last year, more than California and the entire countries of Canada and the United Kingdom. Mississippi’s new film incentive program has made them one of the new favorable filming destinations in the nation.
Trucks, was founded in Louisiana in 2007 to provide the state’s burgeoning entertainment industry with the most state-of-the-art and eco-friendly transportation services and logistics available anywhere in the world. In 2012 was named to the Inc. 500|5000, Inc. Magazine’s annual list of the nation’s fastest growing private companies. For more information, please visit www.hollywoodtrucksllc.com .
Mississippi Film Studios, is a 43,000 square foot purpose-built facility including 8,000 sq. feet of production offices and a 35,000+ sq. ft. clear span sound stages on 6 acres in Canton, Originally built for the movie Time To Kill, the facility has served as a resource for movie and commercial productions for many years. The facility was recently acquired by Rick Moore, owner of Mad Genius, Inc. and Eyevox Entertainment,  For more information, please visit www.msfilmstudios.com .
