“You cannot imagine what Edge Sense is like until you can hold it in your hand and see how                       responsive it is. think it’s a game changer.”
“If you want to go for value and quality all in one, the U11 is the ticket.”
—Jerrod Vinson
“The U11 life really offers what other phones offer for even more than half the price.”
—Analise
“It’s eye candy right when you look at it. It stands out”
“Getting the U11 life you’re having it at an affordable price. The Usonic headphones are                       really, really great, so getting that in box is a bonus and is definitely a great value.”
“You cannot imagine what Edge Sense is like until you can hold it in your hand and see how                       responsive it is. think it’s a game changer.”
“If you want to go for value and quality all in one, the U11 is the ticket.”
—Jerrod Vinson
“The U11 life really offers what other phones offer for even more than half the price.”
—Analise
“It’s eye candy right when you look at it. It stands out”
“Getting the U11 life you’re having it at an affordable price. The Usonic headphones are                       really, really great, so getting that in box is a bonus and is definitely a great value.”
“You cannot imagine what Edge Sense is like until you can hold it in your hand and see how                       responsive it is. think it’s a game changer.”
—Mark Gardnerbrings brilliance to life through leading innovation in smart mobile device and experience design. Beginning with a vision to put a personal computer in the palm of our customers' hands, we have led the way in the evolution from palm to smartphone.
The Pursuit of Brilliance is at the heart of everything we do, inspiring best-in-class design and game-changing mobile experiences for consumers around the world. At HTC, the Pursuit of Brilliance is the impulse to create, to venture into the unknown with an unwavering dedication to bring innovative design to life. It pushes us everyday to re-imagine new ways to connect the world, our consumers, and their pursuits in ways never before thought possible.
At HTC, we go where others haven't thought to. Breaking down barriers and creating industry firsts is a large part of our history, which is why has become synonymous with innovation, engineering breakthroughs, and designing the future of human communications as we continue to expand into uncharted product territories.
Strong character is at our core. Award-winning vision requires taking risks and challenging convention. From the very beginning, resilience has been at the heart of our creative spirit. To this day, we stay committed to our pursuit, believing that the greatest ideas transcend temporary recognition: they influence behavior, shape lives, and inspire new thinking.
Refined Approach ____
We hold our ideas and our products to a higher set of standards. That is why we design for performance over popularity – and our partners have taken notice. Other industry leaders come to us because they understand that we create great products with an eye for design and mind for engineering that's celebrated by the industry and customers alike.
Real Impact ____
It is our belief that technology's purpose has always been to bring humanity together to overcome and conquer difficult challenges. That is why we always design our technology to generate a real impact – to serve a greater, human purpose that every single human being can benefit from.
takes a broader approach to serving society and making life better. We believe that we can make more of a difference looking beyond the obvious, reaching out to people and enabling them to make a difference, and in improving the way we do things.
In early 2014, we launched ​Power To Give™. By combining all of the computing power at the fingertips of smartphone users and connecting them to international research projects and institutes, Power To Give™ creates one of the world's largest supercomputers to advance research on ecological and environmental issues, and to help find cures for diseases like cancer and Alzheimer's.
Our strengths in design are not limited to creating great looking hardware. Our standards extend to our  manufacturing processes, as well. That's why our factories are among the most environmentally responsible in the world, and why our offices have earned global acclaim, setting the gold standard in energy efficiency.
We have also expanded our environmental initiatives to shape the entire customer experience. Our product packaging is 100% biodegradable, and the One (M7) was the first smartphone in the world built to international specifications of complete carbon footprint and lifecycle assessments. That's an industry first we're proud of.
At HTC, we do all of these things in the knowledge that we're always creating for the future. To that end, we realize that bringing the future to life ultimately rests in the hands of our youth. Through the Foundation and our Summer Family Camp we provide humanitarian and social support to those most in need while also assisting in the teaching and development of a strong sense of character and social values in youth. We believe that the future is for everyone, which is why we strive to ensure that every child has the opportunity to be part of the next generation of leaders and visionaries.
This evolutionary path is a piece of the much larger journey we aim to take in the future. As we expand into new categories with the Re camera and other upcoming products, it is important to remember what brought us to where we are now, and why we do the work we do. From our people to our products and our social and environmental initiatives, the Pursuit of Brilliance represents the guiding philosophy that has shaped and will continue to shape as a global organization.
Join the conversationBy building strong relationships with the best partners in the world, we’ve been able to provide you with special offers, breakthrough innovations and a user experience that’s second to none. Our products are less about what they can do for you and much more about what you can do with them. It’s just another way of putting you first.
When two of mobile technology’s leading companies both believe in the idea of innovation through collaboration, you get technology that reinvents the mobile experience. and Qualcomm® are setting a new standard in smartphone design, functionality and performance.
Fitbit designs award-winning fitness trackers and services dedicated to helping people lead healthier, more active lives. and Fitbit have partnered to enable the One (M8) to track your basic activity.  Quickly check progress towards your daily activity goals from the lock screen, BlinkFeed and the Fitbit App.
Tough, lightweight Gorilla Glass keeps your phone screen looking good over time. Corning's touch-sensitive Gorilla Glass resists scratching and helps prevent everyday wear and tear, preserving the beautiful appeal and clarity of the brilliant display.
Many Pioneer products can now seamlessly receive and play superior quality audio, instantly and wirelessly, from your phone. By improving the way that their products work together, and Pioneer are delivering your favourite tunes in perfect harmony.
Connect™ partners with Yamaha to wirelessly stream music straight from compatible smartphones to Yamaha receivers. Simply three-finger swipe up the screen of the phone to start music output from smartphone’s local or third-party music sources to your Yamaha receiver.
Car brings you an intuitive solution that makes driving more convenient. Access music, phone calls, maps, and more through seamless transition from your smartphone to your car’s display screen with the specially designed driver-friendly user interface. Now you can experience Car with Volkswagen’s New Polo and New Passat.Be Part of Team Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive launch news about products, accessories and services. Plus access fantastic promotions, competitions and giveaways.
Be Part of Team Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive launch news about products, accessories and services. Plus access fantastic promotions, competitions and giveaways.
*Yes, want to receive important product updates, news and exclusive offers from www.htc.com.
Check your inbox for your confirmation email (including the spam folder). Your details will not be shared or sold. HTC's Privacy Policy
Your email has been submitted for a chance to win.
There was an error processing your submission. Please try again.
Enter to Win
*Enter between August 24, 2018 and September 13, 2018 for a chance to win. ©2018 Corporation. All rights reserved. HTC, U, VIVE, and all other product and service names are trademarks or registered trademarks of Corporation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
1. No purchase necessary. purchase or payment of any kind will not increase your chances of winning. Void where prohibited.
2. U12+ Summer Sweepstakes is open only to legal residents of the fifty States and District of Columbia who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry.
3. Sweepstakes begins on August 24, 2018 7:00 Pacific Time and ends on September 13, 2018 at 11:59Pacific Time.
4. Multiple entries are not permitted; only one (1) entry permitted per person per Entry Period (as defined herein) and each entry must be submitted or obtained in accordance with entry requirements.
1. Eligibility: The U12+ Summer Sweepstakes (the “Sweepstakes”) is open only to legal residents of the United States who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry (the “Eligible Residents”).  Employees of America, Inc. and its parent and affiliate companies as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children) and household members of each such employee are not eligible. Non-natural persons (including corporations and other business entities) are not eligible to participate in the Sweepstakes. The Sweepstakes is subject to all applicable federal, state, municipal, territorial and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited. Participation constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and Sponsor’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes.  Winning a prize is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein.
3. Timing: The Sweepstakes begins on August 24, 2018 at 7:00 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time ("PT") and ends on September 13, 2018 at 11:59 p.m. (the "Sweepstakes Promotion Period"). Sponsor’s servers are the official time-keeping device for the Sweepstakes.
4. Entries: Eligible Residents may enter by entering their email address on this page or by sending a 3x5 postcard with your name, address, daytime area code and phone number, and email address to: U12+ Summer Sweepstakes 308 Occidental Ave. South, Seattle, 98104. All mailed entries must be received by September 13, 2018. The Website has a click wrap mechanism linking to the official rules that Eligible Resident must agree to. Mail-in entrants do not need to enter through the Website. Submission of a complete entry form will result in one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes. Eligible Residents must input the requested details (including a valid email address) for an entry to be valid.
Entrants will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes corresponding to the day their requested details are submitted. Incomplete or indecipherable entries will be deemed invalid.  Multiple entries are not permitted; only one (1) entry permitted per person and each entry must be submitted or obtained in accordance with entry requirements.
Except where prohibited, by participating in the Sweepstakes and winning any prize, entrant consents to the use of his/her name, photo and/or likeness, biographical information, entry and statements attributed to entrant (if true) for advertising and promotional purposes, without additional compensation. See the section on “Personal Information”. All entries become property of Sponsor and none will be acknowledged or returned.
5. Drawings: Sponsor’s decisions as to the administration and operation of the Sweepstakes and the selection of the potential winner in a drawing is final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes.  Sponsor will randomly select a potential Sweepstake winner from all eligible entries received during the Promotion Period. All drawings will take place at after entries close for the Sweepstakes. The drawings shall take place on September 14, 2018 at 12:00 pm The Sponsor may draw additional reserve and record them in case an invalid entry or ineligible entrant is drawn. All times indicated are in Potential Sweepstakes winner(s) will be notified by the Sponsor via an email. Each potential winner will be required to respond to the Sponsor’s notification with the requested information within one (1) day of the date notice or attempted notice is sent.   If a potential winner of any prize cannot be contacted, fails to provide the requested information within the required time period or cannot accept the prize, the potential winner forfeits his/her prize.  Receiving a prize is contingent upon compliance with these Official Rules.  In the event a potential winner is disqualified for any reason, Sponsor will award the applicable prize to an alternate winner by random drawing from among all remaining eligible entries.  Only one (1) alternate drawing will be held, after which the prize(s) will remain un-awarded.
Prizes will be fulfilled after winner confirmation by emailing winner to redeem the prize by following the included instructions.
6. Prizes: No cash or other substitution shall be permitted. Sponsor will not replace any lost or stolen prizes. Winners are solely responsible for any and all federal, state, provincial and local taxes, if any, that apply to prizes. If a prize is mailed, the winner assumes the risk of the prize’s safe arrival.
Retail value of prize package is approximately eight hundred dollars ($800).
The Prize is non-transferable and no substitution will be made except as provided at the Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize for one of equal or greater value if the designated prize should become unavailable for any reason.
Odds of winning a prize depend on the number of eligible entries received for the applicable Sweepstakes during the Sweepstakes Promotion Period.  Limit: One (1) prize per person.
7. Release: By receipt of any prize, winners agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor and its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, distributors, advertising/promotion agencies, and prize suppliers, and each of their respective parent companies and each such company’s officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the “Released Parties”) from and against any claim or cause of action, including, but not limited to, personal injury, death, or damage to or loss of property, arising out of participation in the Sweepstakes or receipt or use or misuse of any prize.
8. Publicity: Except where prohibited, participation in the Sweepstakes constitutes each winner’s consent to Sponsor’s, and their agents’ use of winner’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state (and/or province) for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment or consideration.
9. General Conditions: Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Sweepstakes, or any part of it, if any fraud, technical failures, human error or any other factor impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Sweepstakes, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion.  In such event, Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may elect to hold a random drawing from among all eligible entries received up to the date of discontinuance for any or all of the prizes offered herein.  Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Sweepstakes or to be acting in violation of the Official Rules of this or any other promotion or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner.  Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Sweepstakes may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law.  Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
10. Limitations of Liability: The Released Parties are not responsible for: (1) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by entrants, typographical errors, printing errors or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Sweepstakes; (2) technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or software; (3) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process or the Sweepstakes; (4) technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Sweepstakes or the processing of entries; (5) late, lost, undeliverable, damaged or stolen mail; or (6) any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant’s participation in the Sweepstakes or receipt or use or misuse of any prize.  If for any reason an entrant's entry is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, entrant’s sole remedy is another entry in the Sweepstakes, if it is possible. No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded.  In the event that production, technical, seeding, programming or any other reasons cause more than the stated number of prizes as set forth in these Official Rules to be available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the stated number of prizes by a random drawing among all legitimate, un-awarded, eligible prize claims.
11. Disputes: Except where prohibited, entrant agrees that: (1) the Sweepstakes is governed by the laws of Washington State and that all federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering this Sweepstakes, but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (3) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, indirect, punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased.  All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Washington without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Washington or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Washington.
12. Entrant's Personal Information: Information collected from entrants is subject to Sponsor’s Privacy Policy http://www.htc.com/us/terms/privacy/ . By entering this promotion, you understand that you are providing your information to Sponsor.
13.  Winner List: For a winner list, please send a self addressed stamped envelope to the following address within three (3) months of sweepstakes end date:
Join the conversationrecognizes that the theft of smartphones and other mobile devices is an important issue for its customers. While we are continuing our efforts to collaborate with our partners in the wireless industry and the public safety community to deter and reduce phone theft , we urge all of our customers themselves to take appropriate steps to improve the security of their devices and data.
What you can do now to improve the security of your device and data:
Set a screen lock . screen lock is designed to help to protect your personal information and help prevent others from using your mobile device without your express permission. To learn how to set a screen lock, visit the support page for your device (type in the name of your device below “Find Your Product” and select your device from the resulting menu, select the “Security” or “Settings and security” heading on the device support page, then select the appropriate topic from the menu on the left side of the page).
Consider installing a security application . Many mobile apps are available to enhance the security of mobile devices. These security-related apps are often available for free or at a low price and can provide the capability to remotely lock, locate, or wipe your device. You can find more information on security apps on CTIA’s consumer tips on smartphone theft deterrence page.
Back up your data . Many users store valuable data on their smartphones, including photos, videos, and contacts, so backing up your data in case your smartphone is lost, damaged, or stolen is a good practice. To learn how to back up your data, visit the support page for your device (type in the name of your device below “Find Your Product” and select your device from the resulting menu, select the “Sync and Backup” or “Sync, backup, and reset” heading on the device support page, then select the appropriate topic from the menu on the left side of the page).
Set a . Many devices support the use of a personal identification number (PIN) to lock your card. Setting the may help to prevent people from accessing your cellular voice or mobile data services without authorization. Once the is set, you must enter your whenever you restart your device or whenever you move the card to another device. To learn how to set a PIN, visit the support page for your device (type in the name of your device below “Find Your Product” and select your device from the resulting menu, select the “Security” or “Settings and security” heading on the device support page, then select “Assigning a to help protect your Card” from the menu on the left side of the page).
What to do if your device is lost or stolen:
Report the loss to your wireless provider as soon as possible . If your device is lost or stolen, immediately notify your wireless provider so that they can suspend service to your device. See the FCC’s page on How to Report a Lost or Stolen Mobile Device for more information.
Remotely locate, lock, or wipe your device using a security app . If you have installed a security app (see above) you may be able to use it to remotely locate, lock, or wipe your device. Follow the instructions provided with the app or contact the app provider for more information.
Report phone theft to the police . If your phone has been stolen, you may wish to report the theft of your device to your local police department.
Find more information about how to deter theft and protect your data at CTIA’s consumer tips page.
Join the conversation