 Day in the Life of  Day in the Life of Toggle navigation
Doing Business with Financial Summary
Doing Business with Financial Summary
looks to leverage its operations and knowledge to invest in and create new companies and partnerships with entrepreneurs in both the conventional petroleum business and cleantech power.
Community-Centric
Commitment to Excellence
For information on Enterprises' parent company, Consolidated, Inc., 
Consolidated, Inc. is the flagship entity of the entire family of companies, a privately owned group of entities based in Dallas, Texas. The areas of activity of the different companies include oil and gas exploration and production, refining, LNG, power, real estate, investments, ranching and infrastructure.
Real Estate & Investments
Hoodoo Land Holdings
Global Partnerships
Day in the Life of Day in the Life of News & Resources
reflects the culture and principles that have made one of the largest independent companies by embracing entrepreneurship, excellence, creativity, integrity, respect and teamwork.
Energy, Power and Investing Competencies
is one of the few companies known for its energy, power and investing practices. It knows the and power industries, the regulatory environments, and the industry, government, research and financial communities. aims to be a partner from which entrepreneurs in and power can gain resources, relationships and experience for their ventures.
Growth and Scale
knows how to scale projects efficiently, often employing creative operational and financial approaches to manage risk. The company has proven this time and again in the petroleum, LNG, electric power generation and electric delivery businesses.
Contrarian View and Active Risk Management
is entrepreneurial, knows and seldom
runs with the herd.
When invests in new companies or partners with other entrepreneurs and other investors, it actively manages to minimize risks and scale effectively. Enterprises' willingness to adopt new technologies has established a reputation for adaptability to the new and changing dynamics of the 21st century business.
The mission of is to invest in and develop new technology ventures that have the potential to disrupt the industry and to develop subsequent profitable business models that create greater value for Hunt.
For information on Enterprises' parent company, Consolidated, Inc., click here  click here 
Consolidated, Inc. is the flagship entity of the entire family of companies, a privately owned group of entities based in Dallas, Texas. The areas of activity of the different companies include oil and gas exploration and production, refining, LNG, power, real estate, investments, ranching and infrastructure.