Impact the world from the core
Reach beyond and experience our latest solution
Be at the Center of 
Never cease to thrive with Distributor
The world’s first developed hybrid module with Flash attached will secure your data even in case of power outage.
The world’s first developed 3will provide even better processing capability through technology.
Discover the powerful experience through our high bandwidth memory solution
aims to maximize our company’s and shareholders’ value.
Instead of focusing on short-term management results, we will exert our highest effort in creating substantial management where we focus more on the long-term qualitative development.
We have established "the best memory-based semi-conductor solution company" as our vision and built the sustainable management systems to carry out detailed assignments.
We aim for ethical/legal performance, fair trade orders, and the clean business culture where we accomplish our social responsibilities.
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
We aim for future life where every member in the society can pursue clean and safe environment.
We have established the differentiated activities that aim to improve our image and mutual relationship with local community as our strategy for social contribution.
We not only exert our highest effort to achieve fair and free competition, but also comply with domestic/foreign regulations.
We continuously work on our best to create the eco-friendly product that complies with the environment regulations in order to protect environment.
DBL, hynix's STRATEGY
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
메인페이지
Rowas enforced on July1,2006 and China RoHS, REACH, Euand would be enforced immediately and later. Restrictions of contained chemical substances in products would be strengthened and it would be essential that associates with all suppliers closely. The Green Supplier Chain Management is product environmental quality system between and suppliers which furnish raw materials and parts. would like to recognize environmental quality control system of supplier and promote strengthening of managing chemical substances in products.
Green Supplier means their environmental system and products are certified by environmental control system
Applied to all suppliers delivering to with parts, raw materials, packing materials and subsidiary materials, etc.
In order to guarantee environmentally friendly product quality in parts, raw materials, packaging materials and subsidiary materials carried out by cooperating suppliers and achieve complete countermeasure capacities against international regulations of environmental friendly product qualities.
3. Evaluation of Environmental System
Evaluation : 80 marks or higher
Hold environmental senimar to supplier periodically to explain regulation trend and compliance direction.
Communicate the supplier status and condition to make final solution to mutual properity.
Encourage higher lanked supplier as to support procurement quantity and business partnership and also lower lanked supplier as to continuous monitor and education.
Try to reduce analysis expense by channeling supplier and analysis service company concerning smaller supplier.
has conducted a series of studies on and Nand Flash Memory sinstallation of computerizing system in 2010.
Currently we are expanding its area into Module product. We highly expect that this computerizing system can help provide customer with a piece of information on the product environmental footprint when our customers need.
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
메인페이지
What is the 'ethics management' of hynix?
Not only does the ethics management of protect human beings and material resources by preventing unethical behavior of the organization and its members but also seeks to gain the trust of various stakeholders by raising the ethical level of the company and strives to pursue the continuous growth and development of the company.
introduced ethical management (enactment of Code of Ethics) in June 2000 and has sought to establish ethical management as the basis of the company culture based on ethical standards, exclusive organization and a general ethical system. 
discloses its ethical standards to the executives of the headquarters overseas and implements various measures to enable all stakeholders to freely consult and report on ethical management issues.
In addition, all information received through the reporting channel is thoroughly protected by the informer protection program. 
No one will be put at a disadvantage with regard to their position or discriminated against for making a reasonable report.
In the case where a disadvantage is experienced for making a report, the person in question may request the ethical management department for rectification and protection and the department will take all measures to minimize or eliminate such disadvantage.
The identity of the informer and content of the report is kept confidential.
The person who may have been involved in an unethical or illegal act who voluntarily reports on the matter can have the penalty for the act reduced.
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
monitors changes in hynix’s Business Environment that may affect our business continuity. The monitoring targets are factors that may cause possible business disruptions.
performs periodic assessments (at least annually) of various risks that may lead to business disruptions. The risks are identified through research and information gathered from various sources such as NFPA, EM-DAT, FEMA, (Korea National Emergency Management Agency), Framework Act on Disaster Management Safety, Countermeasures against Natural Disaster ACT., 22301 requirements, and etc. has identified 46 Business Risks and selected major risks to be addressed through our Business Continuity Plans.
performs periodic BIAs; estimates the Business Impact of an outage of critical processes and implements appropriate actions to manage risks. Through qualitative/quantitative analysis of impacts that affect our business, MTPD, RTO, and are determined and resources required for recovery are identified.
(Maximum Tolerable Period of Disruption)
is the maximum level of timeframe that company can tolerate in the event of disruption. In order to estimate the impact from disruption, has taken major financial factors into account and determined MTPDs per each unit processes.
The target time period to recover the critical processes of the company; has determined the objective time period within tolerable amount of impact and losses through quantitative/qualitative assessments.
is set by senior management, which is the minimum business continuity level (based on production capacity) within recovery time objective. strategy and resources are formulated to achieve this objective.
sets strategies necessary for business recovery based on the processes and resources identified during the ‘Analysis (Risk Assessment & Business Impact Analysis)’ phase. strategies include equipment/utility recovery, procurement, human resource management, back-up workspace, and etc..
The Business Continuity Plans of are defined into three tiers – Corporate/Site/Team (Department) Levels. Each plans specify pre-defined procedures describing immediate responses and recoveries to react upon business disruptions caused by accidents/disasters. Each plans are periodically updated based on the results of internal review, test, and exercise results.
Corporate level plan refers to Business Continuity Management System (BCMS) policy and procedures that provide principles and standards on Business Continuity Management System (BCMS), organization, activities and execution.
Each teams at has designated plan owners who review and test their plans to scrutinize the effectiveness, appropriateness, and efficiency of each plans.
Exercises are periodically performed to test the plans, encourage business continuity culture, and to fix clear roles and responsibilities of individuals under disasters/accidents. Through exercises, each teams (departments) and individuals familiarize with the procedures defined in the plans, and test the effectiveness to improve the plans.
The results of tests and exercises are escalated up to senior management for final review to ensure Business Continuity management and the plans are sound, and continuously updated.
Business Continuity Management Team in normal state of business
The Business Continuity Management Team under normal business operation perform maintenance and improvements of The organization monitors operations of each teams (departments), review and improve the Business Continuity Plans through coordination with relevant business units.
The role of Business Continuity Management Team under normal business operation are as follows:
Review, Development and update of Strategies and Plans, Review by Senior Management, Education, Exercises, Monitoring, Assessment and Reporting.
When Plans are activated due to disaster/accidents, the Command Center and Recovery units are summoned based on the emergency contact lists. The Recovery units then execute recovery procedures under Command Center’s leadership.
Make decisions based on damage reports, and decide upon the policies and plans for corporate-wide emergency response, disaster and business recoveries.
Monitor the crisis and recovery status of the affected site, and summarize critical facts that may impact our business to report on decision making issues to the Committee.
Coordinate with each recovery centers to share timely information and quickly deliver issues to the Committee.
Provide assistance to the affected site in terms of human/physical resource to facilitate the overall recovery process.
puts its best efforts to maintain effectiveness of the emergency response and recovery processes through periodic corporate-wide exercises.
exercises reviews response and recovery procedures and the relevant plans under assumption of possible disruptions. Through the exercises, the effectiveness and appropriateness of activation procedure, and each tasks to be performed by relevant teams are tested. Through such process we ensure the practicality of the execution.
About 50 people, including Sung-Wook Park, attended the event.
Performed the 2nd simulation training for the project.
Verified effectiveness of the system and supplemented the system enterprise-wide.
Performed the simulation training enterprise-wide to verify effectiveness of the system.
Immediately after a disaster/accident, leads the emergency evacuation and responses, and personnel with expertise in each equipment/utility perform damage assessment.
Based on the damage assessment reports, activation is decided by the senior management, and the plans are executed.
Acquired 22301 certification.
has acquired Certification on Business Continuity Management based on the requirements stated by 22301, as of 11. Jan, 2015. 22301 is an international standard regarding Business Continuity Management, put into effect by the International Standard Organization in May, 2012.
The standard outlines the recommended requirements that business should possess in order to recover its core operations during a disaster/accident.
has set up a foundation for a resilient business, being prepared to recover its production, human resources, and infrastructure within a time objective, based on the business continuity plans.Policy
pursues values centered on humans and the environment above all else.
For this, the company has stipulated four important management principles to improve quality in terms of safety, health and environment and maintain close cooperative relations with regional societies, in order to secure social trust and pursue the sustainable development of the company. The four important management principles are to establish an advanced management system, to establish safe risk-free business places, to establish a human - centered health system and to establish a sustainable environmental system.
implements safe management principles in the world’s best business places through continuously reforming fields and establishing a culture of safety, provides medical check-ups for its members and preserves the environment of the earth based on our philosophy: management focused on humans and the environment.
For this purpose, the company energetically performs its responsibility and duties with regard to all regulations and continuously engages in preemptive preventive activities by sincerely communicating with relevant people.
01.establishes a business place in which its members are healthy and safe through defining safety and health management as its core value and establishing standards that exceed regulations.
02.improves its safety and health standards through continuously reforming and upgrading its system for the safe operation of equipment.
03.creates working conditions to help its members and employees of cooperative companies, and detects risks in advance and eliminates them.
04.reduces environmental effects as much as possible by implementing  eco-friendly designs that consider all processes, effectively using resources and introducing the best pollution preventive facilities.
05.protects the environment of its business places and regional societies through transparently disclosing information about harmful chemicals and systematically managing those substances.
Upgrade the ICT-based management system
Achieve co-prosperity of and cooperative companies
Establish safe risk-free business places
Conduct  safe management through assessing risks
Establish a health system focused on humans
Find out potential health risks and eliminate  them
Establish a sustainable environmental system
Secure environmental infrastructures for future growth
has integrated the safety and health management system (18001 / 18001), environment management system (14001) and process safety management (Occupational Safety and Health Act Article 2-2) into its management system.
has assessed the performance of safety, health and environment integration under internal guidelines in order to monitor and improve factors deduced through operation of the management system, and has overcome such problems for the perfect operation of the management system.search
메인페이지
Completed procedure to take over Toshiba Memory through consortium between Korea, America and Japan
Completion of Happy More, ‘Subsidiary Standard Workplace for People with Disabilities’ 
Introduction of outside director system and establishment of continuous management commission within the board of directors
 generation (72 phase) 3NAND-based 4TByte for business use
Presented construction plan for the Icheon Campus Research and Development Center
Established ‘System IC’, which is a subsidiary specializing in foundry
Launching the World’s First Highest Density of 8LPDDR4X
Entering into an Agreement with Stanford University to R&‘Artificial Neural Network Devices’
Joining the Nation's First 'Platinum Club' of CDP's the Best Honor
for an Establishment of ‘Subsidiary Typed Standard Workplace’ with KEAD
Expanded and Commercial Relationship with SanDisk
Introducing Industry's First Model of Wage Sharing with Biz. Partners
the World’s First Commercialization of 8Gb LPDDR4
Signed a for Joint Development of Nano Imprint Lithography with Toshiba
Established a back-end Line in Chongqing, Sichuan Province, China
Listed on the World for 5 Consecutive Years
Developed the World’s First Wide IO2 Mobile DRAM
Developed the World's First 128DDR4 Module
Developed the World's First TSV-based HBM
Opened an Integrated Analysis Center
Signed a Cross License Agreement with Samsung Electronics Co.
Developed the World’s First High Density 8Gb LPDDR3
Appointed Dr. Sung Wook Park as the new Chief Executive Officer
Launched the Flash Solution Design Center
Acquired Ideaflash S.r.l. and Established a Flash R&Center in Europe
Signed Joint Development for with IBM
Signed a Strategic Alliance with Spansion
Changed the Company name to 'Inc.'
Telecom becomes Hynix’s largest shareholder
Telecom Signed the Share Purchase Agreement with the Share Management Council
Signed Joint Development for with Toshiba
Completed construction of a back-end joint venture, Package & Test, in China
Developed the World’s First 2Gb Mobile Low Power DDR2 DRAM
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
메인페이지
Business Continuity Plan (BCP) pursues to secure the company from 
							will ensure our business continuity in various and unexpected disasters and emergencies through a comprehensive preparation of response, disaster recovery, and business recovery plans.
has adopted and practices 
 that are built upon Globally accepted standard - 22301
 and its constituents shall comply with this policy and carry out their respective roles and duties specified in Business Continuity Plans. 
In the event of disaster, utilizes all available resources in its business recovery in order to minimize the possibility of our clients’ business disruption.
reviews The Business Continuity Plans annually, through periodic assessment of risk factors and their likely impacts.
incorporates relevant regulatory requirements, legal and contractual obligations, and the interests of related parties. (especially hynix’s clients)
performs periodic drills and tests based on various scenarios, as a means of mitigating risks that threaten continuity of and to strengthen resilience.
promotes a resilience culture throughout the company by providing continuous education and training to all personnel.
maintains industry-leading Business Continuity Program through periodic reviews and improvements based on international standards (22301).
releases Business Continuity Policy, mission and objectives to public and conducts periodic reviews.
Through the Business Continuity Management System, will secure credibility by ensuring effective availability of products and services, and seek to achieve its presence as industry-leading company.
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
메인페이지
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
메인페이지
Exceeded 1 million-set target line in production of and self-developed 4DRAM
Acquired top grade in Quality Control(Q.C) of car audio
Ranked 20th in the world market
Exceeded 2 million-set target line in car audio production
Exceeded 500 thousand-set target line in export of monitor
Agreed on technical cooperation in with Logics Co. in US
Exceeded million-piece target line in export of car audio
Agreed on contract for 256foundry supply with US-based TI
Agreed on technical cooperation in 256with Electronic Co.
Agreed on supply contract with in production of car audio
Exceeded thousand-piece target line in production of "Hyundai Art phone"
Developed 4in joint with the government
Held first employees' culture fair, "Ami Carnival"
Started production and sale of "ARTPHONE"
Agreed on production and supply contract of foundry with US-based TI
Succeeded in pilot production of 16firstly in Korea
Started the first manufacturing of "Multifunctional Phone LX-2" as complete product
Agreed on contract of establishing sales agency with US-based IBM
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
Announced the world’s first 82-Rank DDR3 R-validation
Developed the world’s first Low Power-High Speed Mobile 1Gb DDR2 DRAM
Announced the world’s first 82-Rank DDR3 R-validation
Acquired Intel validation for the world’s first ultra-high speed DDR3 based module for servers 4UDIMM
Completed Construction of 300mm Fabrication Plant of 3rd Factory in Cheongju
decided to Lift Countervailing Duty Order on DRAM
Numonyx and Extend Efforts to Introduce New, Innovative Flash Memory Products and Technologies
Released the 'Sustainability Report'
Applauded the Council of the European Unions move to lift countervailing duties on DRAMs
Developed the world's fastest Mobile LPDDR2
Signed license and joint development agreement on Spin-Transfer Torque (STT-RAM) with Grandis
Signed an agreement for cooperating joint R&program of next-generation non-volatile memory technology
Arranged Toyota benchmarking program in order to establish innovative system
Held a strategic management workshop for sustainability management
upholded ruling against Japan over punitive tariffs on imports of chips
Acquired Intel validation for 1Gb DDR2 DRAM
Developed industry's first 1Gb GDDR5 DRAM
Hynix-Ltd. Signed to Sell 200mm Equipment to CRH
Developed the world's first Flash with 24 stacked chips
Developed industry's fastest, smallest 1Gb Mobile DRAM
Announced corporate mid-long term master plan
Developed the world's first Flash 24 stacks multi chip package
Acquired the industry's first validation on DDR3 DRAMs from Intel
Appointed Mr. Jong-Kap Kim as the new Chairman & CEO
Reached patent cross license agreement and signed to form joint venture for x4 technology with SanDisk
Signed patent cross licensing and supply agreements with Toshiba
Posted record revenue and profit for 2006
Developed the fastest memory module based on 'Wafer Level Package' technology
Established a global manufacturing network with complete construction of Hynix-Inc
Acquired the industry's first validation on 80nm 512Mb DDR2 DRAMs from Intel
Announced joint development plan of H3 (new generation DiskOnChip embedded flash drive) with M-Systems
Developed the world's first 512Mb GDDR4, the industry's fastest and highest density graphics DRAM
Received industry's first Intel validation on high density-high speed 2DDR2-667 SODIMMs
Emerged from Corporate Restructuring Promotion Act ahead of schedule
Completed successful fund-raising of $1.8 billion through overseas bond issue and syndicated loan in local market
Developed industry's first ultra-high-speed DDR2-800 memory module and received validation from Taiwan-based ASUS
Launched Hynix-joint venture construction in Wuxi City, Jiangsu Province, China
Posted record high operating profit for year 2004 as a whole
Developed x8-based memory modules for servers with 30 pct higher power efficiency
Contracted with Taiwan-based Profor strategic alliance
Signed contract with STMicroelectronics for setting up plant in China
Signed contract with Wuxi City government for setting up plant in China
Acquired DDR2 validation From Intel
Received fourth consecutive year Partners in Performance award from Selestica
Produced organic driver capable of lighting in 4,096 colors
Established research lab for environment, safety and technology
Developed the world's first 256for high-end consumer application
Developed the world's fastest 128Mb SDRAM
Spun off Mobile Communication Equipment Manufacture Unit to 'Hyundai Syscomm'
Developed two types of 32Mb super-low power flash memory
Completed official spin-off of operation
Started mass production of the world's fastest for graphics
Started to supply the world's fastest module for main memory to Compaq Computer Corporation
Changed the Company name to 'Inc.'
Spun off Customer Service Operation to 'Hyundai Digitech Service'
Acquired validation from and for 128Mb and 256SDRAM
Signed contract with Hewlett-Packard for exclusive memory module supply
Received certificate on health and safety category from British Standards Institution
Developed Korea's first Pb-free 2000
Developed 256micro-module
Launched satellite communications service for Asia-Pacific region
Spun off Monitor Business Unit to "Hyundai Imagequest"
Received validation for electric money in China
Initiated global cash management system with Bank of America
Launched new photoresist for semiconductors
Acquired 14001 from for environment-friendly management in all business units
Started mass production of for recharging battery
메인페이지
Agreed on long-term supply contract of equipment with Airtouch
Implemented stock option system firstly among big Korean manufacturers
Developed the world's first new memory manufacturing process technology
Started mass production of the world's fastest 16synchronous for graphics
Succeeded in mass production of photosensitive material for 4firstly in Korea and exported technology
Developed 0.25㎛ non-memory manufacturing technology
Developed 4th generation 64synchronous DRAM
Developed 64synchronous DRAM
Developed the world's smallest direct DRAM
Developed Korea's first non-memory for automobile
Self-developed Korea's first 26 PDP
Established 5 million-piece monthly production system of 64chip
Developed Korea's first digital broadcasting system
Developed the world's first Synclink test product
Developed the world's first 1synchronous using technology
Took over (manufacture and supply)
Developed the world's first 256SRAM
Developed the world's first MPEG-2 decoder chip
Exceeded ten-million-set target line in car audio production
Exceeded 4 million-set target line in shipment of monitor
Acquired 9002 on car audio category firstly in Korea
Developed GPS, automotive navigation apparatus for car thirdly in the world
Succeeded in developing and localizing Car DECK
Developed card for memory extension
Was selected as the most excellent company by Analog Devices-in assembly part
Developed 64sample product as government assignment
Acquired 9002 in assembly category
Developed built-in car audio firstly in Korea
Operated Automotive Electronics Division, IN-line System
Joo-yong Kim assumed office as & President
Exceeded 1 hundred-million-piece target line in monthly assembly capacity
Exceeded 5 million-set target line in production of car audio
Held National S/Competition for university students
Established and Computer R&Center
Safety, Health and Environment Mgmt.
has four production facilities in Wuxi and Chongqing, China as well as domestic business sites in Icheon and Cheongju. As a global company, also operates sales subsidiaries in ten countries including the U.S., U.K., Germany, Singapore, Hong Kong, India, Japan, Taiwan and China, and four R&corporate bodies in Italy, U.S., Taiwan and Belarus. Based on its 30-year-old know-how for production and operation of business, makes efforts to secure competitiveness in technology and costs and lead the global market by conducting continuous R&activities and investment.
is a drive engine and a future of the industry
Semiconductors are essential to all products, and its performance often determines the performance of the final products. is the global leader in producing semiconductor, such as and flash and System including Image Sensors. Spilot production of Korea’s first 16Kb in 1984, consistently led the industry with smaller, faster and lower power semiconductor.
As the second largest manufacturer of memory semiconductor, is at the forefront of the industry.
It is common to see people using their smartphones and tablet PCs. Those devices become more pervasive as new imaginative and innovative products continue to grab imagination and ‘desires’ of consumers. More innovative device such as smart car, keyboard and surface computer without mouse will enlarge the range and demand of the semiconductor.
has recorded high performance by tracking and foreseeing the market change. On year 2011 base, ranked 2nd position with a 23% worldwide market share in market. It has also a 10% Flash market share. It also takes 8th position in global market. will strengthen the world’s top level of technology and continuously diversify the product portfolios.
hynix, which has secured the highest level of micro process technology through continuous research and development, produces products with the world’s best performance and stability through strict quality control.
The major production products of are used in PC/ laptops, server used in large-capacity servers of data centers, mobile suitable for various portable devices such as smart phones, etc. due to low power consumption, graphic used for graphic data processing due to its capability of processing a great amount of data at high-speed, consumer required for operation of various digital devices, etc.
We also offer a wide range of products that support the DDR2-DDR3-DDR4 interface required by our customers.
aims to lead the global industry by developing products that meet the diverse needs of the customers by maintaining the best technology within the industry through innovative research and development. In particular, we consistently develop premium products of high-capacity/ high performance/ low-power that significantly lower power consumption with greatly improved capacity and processing speed in comparison to existing products.
The application of Flash, which was used as a simple storage device for MP3/ PMP/ digital camera, navigation, etc., has recently been diversified to smart phones/ tablet PC/ (Solid State Drive), etc. with industry-leading technology and market dominance continuously develops products with higher data processing speed and greater storage capacity in response to such changes.
also manufactures the latest flash devices such as (Multi Level Cell)/TLC(Triple Level Cell), etc and also possesses products with a wide range of capacities from 128Gb~512Gb. will provide the best solutions to meet the diverse needs of the customers through not only the single flash but also MCP(Multi Chip Package), Embedded flash and SSD, etc.
reentered the image sensor (CIS) business at the end of 2007. image sensors serve as electronic film and electronic eyes for a variety of and consumer devices. While it is a non-memory semiconductor, similarity of production process to that of memories gave competency to successfully enter the business.
Applications for are expected to dramatically rise in the future. With hynix’s products scheduled to be adopted by a wide range of applications--including web cameras, miniaturized medical imaging equipment, and mobile phones—we plan to lead a new chapter in market through high-resolution sensors manufactured on most advanced process technology to meet diverse needs of our customers.Double Bottom Line (DBL) is a value system that takes economic value (EV) and social value (SV) in to consideration as two factors in a complete whole. Social value represents the sociability and total value of corporate management activity which contributes to solutions with regard to ‘social problems’. Social problem in this context is defined as a situation where many members of the society suffer because of systemic or structural issues and the problem can’t be solved by the efforts of an individual. The social values created during the process of corporate management activities are classified as ‘business sociality’, ‘social contribution sociality’, and ‘national economy contribution sociality’.
Social performance that is generated through the production process of corporates and its results - products and services
Social Performance in Social Contribution
Social performance that is generated through social contributions of corporates
Social Performance Contributed to the National Economy
Social performance that is generated by transferring economic resources to stakeholders during the business activities of corporates through wages, taxes, dividends and interests
has strengthened its promotion system to internalize the pursuit of social values into its management system. continuous management committee was established within the board of directors, which is the highest decision making organization, so that can be integrated into the business strategy for operation. continuous management propulsion team, which is an executive level organization dedicated to the creational planning of social values and supporting activities, was established as well. In order to substantially promote activities, the innovation consultative body and practice group were organized to uncover company-wide level items and establish a promotion system.
The Promise of We, hynix, are confident about the fact that the management philosophy behind is very important for innovation and growth. We will pursue balanced growth combining social and economic values within the process of innovation and growth of as well as strive to become a company that grows together with society to keep up with such changes.
Development of low power-consuming, high-performance, eco-friendly products
52-hour-a-week labor time management
Programs to support win-win growth
Social contribution activities to help low-income families create income – Silver Angel for Happiness School Uniform
Comply with regulations to limit the use of harmful materials for products
activities to reduce emissions
* SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals of UN): The greatest common objective of the international society is to solve universal problems afflicting humanity, global environmental problems as well as economic and social problems by the year 2030 by regulating 17 primary targets and 169 detailed targets.
DBL, hynix's STRATEGY
is very pleased to introduce our sustainability management through the 11th Sustainability Report this year. will continue to grow into a corporate citizen that progresses together with its stakeholders by balancing economic and social values in the process of innovation and growth.
is very pleased to introduce our sustainability management through the 10th Sustainability Report this year. This year’s report features what we’ve accomplished for the past 10 years and what our plans are. promises to fulfill its responsibilities and roles in the economy, society, the environment.
By publishing the ninth sustainability report, am glad to introduce hynix's sustainability management aiming for challenges and changes.
The 8th Sustainability Report of highlights 9 issues selected through the materiality test for stakeholders.
will make efforts to be a sustainable company leading a balanced growth of society and environment.
2014 Sustainability Report, the seventh annual report, is featuring four major issues of which the persons concerned consider important.
We will make efforts to create sustainable value and work for happy tomorrow with the persons concerned.
creating values and happy tomorrow for stakeholders published the 6th Sustainability Report.
In the 2013 Sustainability Report, features the integrated sustainable values from the sustainability management activities.
is committed to communicating with its stakeholders and promoting their well-being. The goal of this report is to share our sustainability management achievements in 2011 and to collect our readers’ ideas and opinions. This will help us to contribute to a happier and healthier future for people everywhere.
Profits are important, but there are other things that are equally necessary.
story about the sustainable management is presented, describing the activities of desiring to grow into a great company that will contribute to sustainable growth of humanity.
The third Sustainability Report covers our commitment to a Great Company contributing to the Sustainable Development of Human Being. will make sure that its Sustainability Report becomes a representative communication channel with stakeholders and issued on annual basis.
We ask for your continued encouragement and input.
will make sure that its Sustainability Report becomes a representative communication channel with stakeholders and issued on annual basis.
We ask for your continued encouragement and input.SUPPORTCorporate Security Policy
seeks to pursue the sustainable corporate growth by establishing a security culture based on voluntary participation, bearing in mind that that its tangible and intangible assets as well as its key personnel and the industrial property are the source of corporate competitiveness and the industrial security campaign can therefore contribute not only to the future course of corporate development but to protecting the national interests as well.
To contribute to reinforcing the core competence and raising competitiveness by protecting tangible and intangible assets that include core technologies and the key personnel.
To observe the relevant laws and regulations governing industrial security, not to mention, to participate in the campaign protecting the business secrets of the partners and the trade connections.
To raise the security awareness of executives and staff members through education and a publicity campaign making efforts to establish a security environment.
To set up an organization unit with the relevant personnel assigned to, taking exclusive responsibility of industrial security activities, and to construct a systematically organized system with emphasis given to continuous management for enhancement.
To have the implementation of such policy diagnosed by an independent external specialist and use the results in promoting a corporate campaign for industrial security.
Reporting the Incidences of Industrial Security
Disclosure of the ultramodern technologies developed by by an industrial spy is likely to cause severe damage not only to the but also to the national economy. Anyone witnessing the crime scene of an industrial spy or aware of their whereabouts should report it to the Reporting Center immediately.
The contents of your report and the reporter's identification will be kept strictly confidential.practices effective and transparent board of director-centered management and ceaselessly tries to maximize stockholders’ profits and corporate values and to establish advanced governance structures in order to pursue sustainable development.
council for recommending candidates for outside directors.
Transparent accounting/ do monitoring and supervising to secure fair management.
Deliberation on execution of more than one billion won of contributions
Establishment of sustainability management strategies and review of the results
Secure transparency and fairness in the process to appoint outside directors through the council for recommending candidates for outside directors. (formed by two outside directors and one board director)
Principles and directions of corporate governance, propose a plan for board of directors-centered transparent management.
Publish a manual regarding the work of directors to enhance efficiency in the operation of the board of directors and to standardize jobs.
Introduce the company history and the management conditions of the previous year.
Rules necessary for conducting jobs.
Formation : Various rules related to the directors’ board, such as principles for directors’ behavior, ethical codes, standards for performance of duties (including commentaries) and company statutes.
03.Improving operation of Board of directors and subcommittee
The system for providing directors’ information promotes the realization of a ubiquitous board of directors through providing information about bills and various real-time management information (about finance, business and promotional data) and through enabling directors and the company to exchange information at all times.
Ph.D, Materials Engineering, Graduate School of Stanford Univ.
Previous)Chief Executive & Vice-Chairman of  / Chairman of the Board of Directors
KAIST, Doctor’s Degree in Materials Science and Engineering
2003 ~ 2007Inc., Managing director, head of R&center
2007 ~ 2013hynix, vice-president
2018 ~ presentPresident of Committee, Council / Vice-Chairman of SK
Previous)Dean of Graduate School of Public Administration, Seoul National University
Seoul National University, Master’s Degree in Public Administration
2008Dean of Graduate School of Public Administration at Seoul National University
1994 ~ presentProfessor, Graduate School of Public Administration at Seoul National University
Ph.Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, University of California at Berkeley
Current) Chair professor of Humanities and Social Sciences, Pohang University of Science and Technology / Head of College
Ph.in Sociology, Graduate School of Harvard University
1999 ~ 2002Director, Th Institute for Social Development & Policy Research, SNU
2006 ~ 2007Director, The Office of International Affairs, SNU
2018 ~ PresentChair professor of Humanities and Social Sciences, Pohang University of Science and Technology / Head of College
Ph.in Business Administration, Graduate School of Yonsei University
2013The 24th Chairman of Korean Academic Society of Taxation
1998 ~ PresentProfessor, Dept. of Business Administration, Gachon University
George Washington University, M.B.A
The board of directors determines matters decided by the law and company statutes and other important matters for performing company tasks.
The board of directors supervises the job performance of directors and management.
1. Decisions in relation to commercial law
(3)Approval for balance sheets, statements of profits and losses, statements of retained earnings or statements of disposition of deficits and supplementary schedules
(4)Appointment and dismissal of the CEO
(10)Issuance of convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and bonds with warrants <revised on April 9, 1999>
(11)Approval for directors’ competition and transactions between directors and the company
(12)Establishment and abolishment of councils and appointment and dismissal of members of councils [established on April 29, 2000] <revised on Aug. 14, 2001>
(16)Small-size merger and division-merger [established on June 1, 2005]
(17)Decision on business transfer sized 1/10 or less of company assets and sales [established on June 1, 2005]
(18)Approval for transactions with the company’s largest shareholder (including his or her specially related persons) and to report to the shareholders’ meeting [established on June 1, 2005] <revised on 2007.11.23, 2010.4.21>
(19)Appointment and dismissal of executives [established on June 1, 2005]
(3)Budget and balancing accounts of the company
(4)Matters regarding a plan to make new investment of more than a larger amount of money between 1.5% of the company equity and 100 billion won, loaning (excluding short-term loans within a year), debt guarantees, investment and acquisition, disposal and management of assets (the equity follows securities market disclosure rules) <revised on Nov. 23, 2007, April 21, 2010 and March 5, 2012>
(10)Following behaviors corresponding to more than 5% of the larger sum between the capital or the equity determined by the law about monopoly regulation and fair trade as a matter to be approved by the directors’ board, or 5 billion won. If the board of inspection includes three or more outside directors and the number of outside directors is 2/3 of the total board members or more, the authority to determine those matters will be entrusted to the board of inspection.
A)To provide the capital, securities or assets to or for specially related persons and trade those with specially related persons
B)To provide or trade goods and services to or for a company for which the same persons or their relatives invest 20% or more of the total sum of quarter transaction or its subsidiaries [established on March 5, 2012]
(11)Establishment and correction of a business management system of the company to execute its corporate philosophy [established on March 5, 2012]
(12)The board of directors shall deliberate on contributions of more than one billion won unless there is any committee dedicated to deliberating preliminarily on sustainability management and social value creation. However, it may make contributions and report the results later when they are made for emergency situations—force majeure including tycoon, flood, fire, earthquake, etc.—or according to Community Chest of Korea Act[established on February 22, 2017] <revised on 2018.3.28>
3. Other matters entrusted by the law, company statutes or stockholder’s meetings and matters that the or chairman of the board thinks important for company management and submits to the directors’ board
3. Transaction with Innovation (proposal)
1. Collection of contributions to Chey Institute for Advanced Studies (proposal)
1. Entrustment of issuance of corporate bonds in Korean Won during the second half of 2018 (proposal)
2. Establishment of a foundation in the field of and collection of contributions (proposal)
1. Collection of contributions to Korea Foundation for Advanced Studies and other institutions (proposal)
3. Transaction with Airgas (proposal)
1.Case about appointment of the chairman of the board of directors
5. Case about establishment of a sustainable management committee and appointment of members of each committee
1. Summoning of the 70th regular general meeting (proposal)
2. Entrustment of issuance of corporate bonds in Korean Won during the first half of 2018 (proposal)
CompositionFormed by three outside directors (Choi Jong-Won, Shin Chang-Hwan, Yun Tae-Hwa)
RolesDeliberation on auditing of accounts and jobs and appointment of outside auditors, etc.
council for recommending candidates for outside directors
RolesRecommending outside director candidate according to related legislations/Article of Incorporation and regulations of board of directors
RolesDeliberation on execution of more than one billion won of contributions
Establishment of sustainability management strategies and review of the results
1. Ethical management performance during the third quarter of 2018
1. Account settlement performance during the first half of 2018
2. Ethical management performance during the first half of 2018
3. Plan for executing external auditing
1. Internal transaction limit for an affiliated company (Securities) (proposal)
1. Performance of ethical management and management diagnosis during the first quarter of 2018
3. Transaction with Innovation (proposal)
1. Internal transaction limit for an affiliated company (Securities) (proposal)
2. Case about legitimacy investigation of bills and documents to be submitted to the 70th regular general meeting
2. Transaction with an affiliated financial company (Securities) (proposal)
4. report on assessment on management of the internal accounting system in
1. Actual conditions for operating the internal accounting system in 2017
2. Internal auditing performance in 2017 and a business plan for 2018
3. Case about agreement on appointment of a chief of the internal auditing department
1. Recommendation of candidates for outside directors for the 70th regular general meeting (proposal)
1. Plan to improve the management system to pursue DBL
2. Plan to operate a work environment health center (proposal)
3. Collection of contributions to the happy-sharing fund in 2019 (proposal)
1. Collection of contributions to Chey Institute for Advanced Studies (proposal)
2. Strengthening of competitiveness of the ecosystem of the nation's industry through sharing infrastructure
3. Establishment of the sustainable management strategy system of (proposal)
3. Publication of the 2018 sustainable management report
4. Results of diagnosis and tasks to be pursued
1. Roles of the sustainability management committee and its annual schedule
2. Direction of the group for pursuing social values
6. Implementation of a silver home project (proposal)
The Company shall preserve long-term profit of its shareholders by securing the survival of business, at a minimum, and continuing to evolve and progress in such a drastically changing business environment. To this end, the Company will establish the Management Philosophy as follows and implement it as the basis of management activities.
The Company shall achieve its ultimate goal of sustained progress by maintaining stability and growth. Furthermore, it shall create value for its customers, people and shareholders, thereby contributing to social and economic development and human well-being.
gain trust from its customers by ensuring consistent customer satisfaction, and ultimately transform itself into a corporate entity whose progress goes hand in hand with theirs.
ensure that all its people develop with a sense of achievement in their work, while they contribute to the Company’s sustained progress during their tenure at the Company.
upgrade its corporate value so as to create shareholder value.
grow along with the wider community through the creation of social values in addition to facilitating economic prosperity.
should make a consistent effort to find a balance between the happiness of stakeholders and consider this in both the present and the future to remain sustainable over the long-term.
