Joins Bruker Nano Surfaces Division
Strengthening the World of Nanoanalysis and Nanomechanical Materials Characterization - Together
The World Leader In Nanomechanical Test Instruments
Delivering the World's Most Innovative Nanomechanical Testing Solutions to
Accelerate the Development of Tomorrow's Materials
Introducing the 980 TriboIndenter
The World's Most Powerful Nanomechanical & Nanotribological
Test System For All Your Material Analysis Needs
980 TriboIndenter 
Maximum Performance Instruments for Quantitative
Mechanical & Tribological Characterization at the 
Nanoscale and Microscale
Instruments for Microscopes
Quantitative In-Situ Nanomechanical Test Instruments Interfaced with Powerful 
Instruments for Microscopes 
Enabling a Comprehensive
Behavior at the Nanoscale
Instruments for Microscopes
Process Metrology Equipment
Materials Science
Semiconductor & Electronics
Coatings & Thin Films
Industrial Manufacturing
Environmental Characterization
Electro-Mechanical Properties
About Joins Bruker Nano Surfaces Division
 is the world leader in the development and commercialization of nanomechanical test instruments and has designed, manufactured, and serviced cutting edge technology for the scientific community since 1992. As the pioneers of in-situ imaging with nanomechanical property measurement capabilities, has grown with the nanotechnology market for over two decades.
In addition to nanoindentation and microindentation, Hysitron's nanoindenter instrument capabilities include tribology, modulus mapping, dynamic mechanical analysis, acoustic emission monitoring, electrical contact resistance, and in-situ and nanomechanical testing. Our nanoindenter instruments are specifically designed to solve your nanomechanical property needs and our team of expert scientists and engineers is always available to answer your questions and help solve your problems.
Hysitron, Inc.
United States
Back to the top ↑Hysitron® is the world leader in the development and commercialization of nanomechanical test instruments and has designed, manufactured, and serviced cutting edge technology for the scientific community since 1992. As the pioneers of in-situ imaging with nanomechanical property measurement capabilities, has grown with the nanotechnology market for over two decades.
In addition to nanoindentation and microindentation, Hysitron's nanoindenter instrument capabilities include tribology, modulus mapping, dynamic mechanical analysis, acoustic emission monitoring, electrical contact resistance, and in-situ and nanomechanical testing. Our nanoindenter instruments are specifically designed to solve your nanomechanical property needs and our team of expert scientists and engineers is always available to answer your questions and help solve your problems.Skip to the content
has always been proud of its strong commitment to research and development, a unique and important feature to our company. Renowned as a world leader in innovation, shows its international recognition through a selection of received awards as shown below:
National Tibbetts Award
xSol High Temperature Stage
BioIndenter
Microscopy Today Innovation Award
87 PicoIndenter
Advanced Manufacturing
Keithley Nanotech Measurements Prize
Nanotech Briefs Nano 50 Award
Micro/Nano 25 Award
nanoTensile 5000
PicoIndenter
National Tibbetts Award
Emerging Innovation
Nanotech Briefs Nano 50 Award
Minnesota Project Innovation Federal Agency Excellence Award
Federal Research Funding Awards
Phase I, Dept. of Energy
Miniature Closed Loop Five Axes Stage
Phase II, Dept. of Energy
Phase I, Dept. of Energy
High-Temperature Microsample Testing System
High-Temperature Microsample Testing System
Phase II, Dept. of Energy
Fast-Scanning Nanoindenter
Phase I, Dept. of Energy
Fast-Scanning Nanoindenter
Phase I, Army
Versatile Micro/Nano-mechanical Load Frame
Phase II, Dept. of Energy
Quantitative In-Situ Nanotribology Tester
Phase II, Dept. of Energy
Quantitative In-Situ Tensile Testing Apparatus
Phase I, Dept. of Energy
Quantitative In-Situ Nanotribology Tester
Phase I, Dept. of Energy
Quantitative In-Situ Tensile Testing Apparatus
Phase II, Dept. of Energy
Quantitative In-Situ Nanoindenter
Phase I, Dept. of Energy
Quantitative In-Situ Nanoindenter
Phase II, Army
Scanning Nanoindenter
Phase I, Army
Scanning Nanoindenter
United States
Hysitron, Inc.
United States
Hysitron's Patent List
Committed to Developing Innovative Technologies to Accelerate Understanding of Material Behavior at the Nanoscale 
Testing assembly including a multiple degree of freedom stage
Microelectromechanical transducer and test system
Method of measuring an interaction force
Patent Number: 9,316,569
Micro electro-mechanical tester
Micromachined comb drive for qunatitative nanoindentation
Mechanical testing instruments including onboard data
2-Mems tribometer with comb drives
Patent Number: 8,959,980
Nanomechanical testing system
Nanomechanical testing system
Three dimensional transducer
Micro/nano-mechanical test system employing tensile test holder with push-to-pull transformer
Nanomechanical testing system
Digital damping control of nanomechanical test instruments
Indenter assembly
Actuatable capacitive transducer for quantitative nanoindentation combined with transmission electron microscopy
Micro/nano-mechanical test system employing tensile test holder with push-to-pull transformer
Surface evaluation employing orthogonal force measurement
Micromachined comb drive for quantitative nanoindentation
Actuatable capacitive transducer for quantitative nanoindentation combined with transmission electron microscopy
Multi-scale & three-axis sensing tensile testing apparatus
Method of measuring properties of interfacial adhesion
Feedback influenced increased-quality-factor scanning probe microscope
Patent Number: 7,287,420
Method of measuring properties of interfacial adhesion of medical device coatings
Method of measuring interfacial adhesion properties of stents
Method of measuring interfacial adhesion properties of electronic structures
Method for observation of microstructural surface features in heterogeneous materials
In-situ non-destructive audiosonic identification system for visco-elastic materials
Apparatus for microindentation hardness testing and surface imaging incorporating a multi-plate capacitor system
Multi-dimensional capacitive transducer
Multi-dimensional capacitive transducer
Capacitive transducer with electrostatic actuation
Apparatus for microindentation hardness testing and surface imaging incorporating a multi-plate capacitor system
United States
Hysitron, Inc.
United States
One of Hysitron's commitments and core competencies is to promote knowledge in the field of nanomechanics. We do this through exhibiting and participating in conferences, meetings, workshops and tradeshows throughout the year.  We are also committed to research and publish through internal research and key collaborations. Check back here often to find the latest in released papers and when our paths may cross at a conference.
Boston, MA
Visit Bruker (Booth #300 and #301) at the 2018 Fall Meeting & Exhibit  to discuss our comprehensive suite of nanomechanical and nanotribological test instruments that enable new frontiers in nanoscale materials characterization, materials development, and process monitoring.
The Technical University of Berlin and Bruker are pleased to announce Nanobrücken 2019: Nanomechanical Testing Conference & Bruker User Meeting, which will take place on February 19th – 21st, 2019, at the Technical University of Berlin, Germany.
The event covers all aspects of nanomechanical and nanotribological testing. Topics include in-situ experimentation, theory/simulation and biomechanical testing. Nightly social events and a conference dinner provide a valuable forum for networking.
Discover new trends in nanomechanical and nanotribological testing
Invited presentations from internationally leading researchers
Student talk and poster competitions
Hands on practical workshops
To learn more about this workshop and to register, please visit the official Nanobrücken 2019 webpage .Thomas Wyrobek, CEO
Thomas Wyrobek is and Co-Founder of Hysitron, Inc., a worldwide leader in designing, producing and servicing leading edge nanoindenters and nanomechanical test instruments to support industrial, academic and government material research innovations. technically astute and orientated manufacturer, Thomas brings his knowledge, expertise and relationships to the nanotechnology world. He is highly respected worldwide for his forward thinking approaches and methods to advance the emerging nanotechnology field of nanomechanical test instruments.
Thomas has more than 30 years of experience in engineering design, total process control and zero defect production of precise components, assemblies and instrumentation. Previously, he was President and owner of Molding Technical Systems, a leading supplier of aircraft connectors to Boeing and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and 7-Sigma, a precision manufacturer for the business machine and disk drive industry. With a strong commitment to promote the science of nanotechnology, Thomas underwrites and supports students, meetings and research projects worldwide. He is a member of the Materials Research Society; American Vacuum Society; American Society of Mechanical Engineering; Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers; International Disk Drive Equipment and Materials; Minerals, Metals & Materials Society; and the Defense Alliance of Minnesota. Thomas also serves as a board member to three corporations and two non-profits.
Oden Warren, President & CTO
Dr. Oden Warren is the President and Chief Technology Officer at Hysitron, Inc. He received his Ph.in Physical Chemistry in 1993 from Iowa State University of Science & Technology, where he studied as an Amoco Foundation Fellow. His graduate research on surface crystallography of reconstructed thin films earned him an Alpha Chi Sigma Research Excellence Award. Thereafter, he conducted postdoctoral research at Sandia National Laboratories-New Mexico, and at The University of Western Ontario, in the area of interfacial force microscopy.
After joining in 1998, he led the development effort for the TriboIndenter® nanomechanical test instrument, the company's flagship product. In 2005, his concept of a three-dimensional nanomechanical tester received a Nano 50 Award from Nanotech Briefs for the physically realized 3OmniProbe™ product. He is the Principal Investigator for Phase (completed successfully in 2005) and Phase (ongoing) grants awarded by the Department of Energy for the development of quantitative nanoindentation in-situ to a transmission electron microscope. He also represents the company in drafting and standards for instrumented indentation. He has been issued 11 patents, given more than 30 invited talks, and has co-authored more than 70 papers, on nanomechanics, nanotribology, and surface science. Oden's papers have been cited over 2500 times with an h-index of 25. In 2015 Oden received Iowa State University's John Atanasoff Discovery Award, awarded to alumni who have significantly advanced scientific knowledge through laboratory accomplishments and/or management. His latest research interests include optimizing feedback-controlled nanoindentation, enhancing the role of nanoindentation in combinatorial materials science, and understanding fundamental deformation mechanisms through quantitative nanoindentation coupled to transmission electron microscopy. His technical expertise spans the range of nanomechanics, scanning probe microscopy, instrumentation and software development, capacitive transducer and piezoelectric actuator design, and ultra-high vacuum surface science.
Michael Eggers, CFO
Michael Eggers is the for joining the company in September of 2005. Mike leads accounting, finance and human resources with extensive involvement in all areas of the company.  This operating role supports global sales and distribution of its advanced R&driven products. Previously Mike was Director of Finance for Advantek for six and half years, a global manufacturer of precision packaging for the semi-conductor industry. Prior to that, he spent 15 years working for Vision-Ease Lens, a manufacturer of prescription eyewear in a variety of positions including of Finance. Mike brings a strong background in finance, accounting and international operations. He has an accounting degree from the University of South Dakota and an from the University of St. Thomas. 
Lance Kuhn, Director of Customer Service
Lance Kuhn is the Director of Customer Service at Hysitron. He is responsible for Hysitron’s customer support world-wide, and manages Hysitron’s customer service team consisting of internal employees and external agents at various distributors throughout the world. His commitment to maintaining a premier level of customer satisfaction and instrument operation has made Hysitron’s customer service among the best in the industry. Lance received a Bachelor’s degree in Physics from the University of Wisconsin in 1995.
Lance started his career at as an applications engineer in 1996 and has been with since then. He is one of the few employees who worked in the company when it had only a handful of customers. As instrument sales grew, so did the need for increased customer service. Based on his extensive understanding of both instrumentation and applications, Lance was ideal for the customer service position, taking full advantage of his expertise with regard to technology and platforms. In addition, Lance has been involved in development of new instrumentation for the last ten years, using his extensive experience and first-hand customer feedback information to suggest changes and improvements to Hysitron’s technology.English
Pусский
한국어
Mass Spectrometry and Separations
MALDI-TOF/TOF
Biotyper Systems
and nanofor LC/MS
GC-Triple Quad MS
MRMS
TargetScreener HR
Infrared, Near Infrared and Raman Spectroscopy
FT-Spectrometers
FT-Research Spectrometers
FT-Microscopes, Raman Microscopes
Gas Analysis
- Networking Software
X-ray Fluorescence
Single Crystal X-ray Diffraction
Small-Angle X-ray Scattering
Micro-and TXRF
EDS, WDS, EBSD, Micro-XRF
Optical Emission Spectrometry
CS/ONH-Analysis
in Pharma
Preclinical Screening
Preclinical MRI
TD-NMR
Surface and Dimensional Analysis
3Optical Microscopes
Stylus Profilometers
Nanomechanical Test Instruments
Tribometers and Mechanical Testers
Nanoscale Infrared Spectrometers
Nuclear Molecular Imaging
Magnetic Particle Imaging (MPI)
Fluorescence Microscopes
Ultima Multiphoton Microscopy
Opterra Confocal Microscopy
Vutara Super Resolution Microscopy
Luxendo Light-Sheet Microscopy
Microtomography
Micro-for material science
Micro-for life science
Micro-software
Bio Detection
Radiological Detection
Semiconductor Metrology
X-Ray Metrology for Silicon
X-Ray Metrology for Compound Semiconductor
Superconductors and Metal Composite Materials
Superconductors
Molecular Diagnostics
Surface Plasmon Resonance
Proteomics
Metabolomics
Structural Biology
Glyco Analysis
Pharma and Biopharma
Drug Manufacturing
Energy, Fuels & Oil
Chemical education
Analytical chemistry
Petrochemical Industry
Metals Automotive
Aluminum Production
Automotive and Aerospace
Semiconductors & Microelectronics
Food & Agriculture
Elemental analysis of food
Surface Measurement
Surface Roughness
Tribology Testing
Pesticide Screening
Waste Management
Environmental research
Vehicle Solutions
Explosives Trace Detection
Critical Infrastructure Protection
Maritime NC-Detection
Industrial & Environmental Monitoring
Strain Typing with Biotyper
Microbiological Research
Zoology & Botany
Molecular Tracers and Contrast Agents
Endocrinology
Preclinical Imaging Literature Room
Information & Communication
Helpdesk and Technical Support
Consumables & Spares
LabScape eStore for NMR
Education & Training
Webinars
Mass Spectrometry
LabScape - Magnetic Resonance & Preclinical Imaging
IR,& Raman
and Elemental Analysis
HH-& HH-LIBS
AFM, Optical, Stylus, Mechanical Testers
Webinars
Pусский
한국어
Growing your potential
Your career at Bruker
Bruker offers great opportunities for those who want to grow their potential in a growing company, with great people to work with
There is one clear answer on how we’ve become a leading provider of high performance analytical solutions and systems: It is the people at Bruker who make us who we are. They come from a variety of professional backgrounds, at all career levels from the most junior to the most senior.
Here you can find out about Bruker`s career opportunities – and which of our jobs best match your profile. We wish you all the best – and look forward to meeting you in the future.
Bruker Corporation is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. Please email us with the nature of your request and your contact information to: 
 if, because of a disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process. Thank you.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.
is the Law Poster
Under no circumstances will Bruker ever request any form of payment from any applicant as a precondition for accepting an application for employment. No applicant will ever be required to make any “up front” payment of any kind to begin their career as a Bruker employee. No interviews at Bruker are done solely by text or email. 
Also, please note that no interviews or offers of employment from Bruker will occur without actual in person contact with Bruker employee(s).
Please find here our job opportunities …
People at Bruker
Learn more about the people at Bruker
Meet us at our Events
Please find here more information, dates and locations
Bruker is worldwide at home in many business areas
For 50 years now, innovation has been in our genes
Can't find what you're looking for?
