We teamed up with Forbes Insights to see how different industries approach partnerships and the results are eye-opening! Check out the results in the report, "Unlocking Innovation in Your Supply Chain: Five Collaborative Insights for Life Science." 
Propel your instrument performance to the next level with the newest in sample injection technology. The Compact Valve boasts faster injection speeds, full pcompatibility, and a smaller footprint. 
Ensure the integrity of your biological samples with our innovative Biocompatible Column Hardware, engineered for bio-inert applications. 
Improve instrument precision and reliability, and easily remove dissolved gases from your fluidic system before they outgas and form problem-causing bubbles. 
Learn more and request a guide.
Advance your fluidic systems with our expanded portfolio of MarvelX, offering: easier finger-tight connections to 19,000 psi, reusable up to 200 times, zero dead volume, and are biocompatible. 
Accelerate your time to market with our 3printed, industry-leading manifold prototypes — from order to delivery in 7 days. 
Learn about our Rapid Response Program.
Achieve real-time monitoring with our QuickStart™ modular sensing solutions that give you unparalleled control for system flow and pressure. 
Meet some of the experts behind our innovation and technologies, leading the way and guiding the world towards a healthier and safer society. 
We deliver a complete spectrum of highly engineered optofluidic solutions, and more powerful platforms than ever before. 
Explore our extensive catalog of customizable products for OEMs or start a conversation with an expert to create a truly custom piece. 
"The Finger Lakes Instrumentation acquisition fills an important strategic gap and is a fantastic complement to our life optofluidic portfolio." — Gus Salem, Group President
We’ve Expanded our Portfolio to Include Cameras and High Speed Filter Wheels
Join Us in Welcoming Finger Lakes Instrumentation to Our Team As we collaborate with Finger Lakes Instrumentation (FLI), we can…
How Do We Inspire Youth Towards Education?
To inspire local youth towards education, a group of engineers and a product manager from our team collaborated to…
All-Photonic Quantum Repeaters Could Lead to Faster, More Secure Quantum Internet
Researchers at the University of Toronto are working to address the challenges of transmitting quantum information securely over great distances…
InPulse Project Is Expected to Accelerate Development in Europe
InPulse is a pilot project that will offer access to the latest production technology for photonic integrated circuits (PICs) based…
Robotic-Assisted Lung Surgery Can Help Improve Patient Outcomes
Complete robotic-assisted lung volume reduction surgery (LVRS) to remove emphysematous tissue was successfully performed at Northwestern Memorial Hospital. The robotic…
Lens-Free, Multicolor Holography Technique Could Enable Compact 3Displays
holography technique based on computer-generated holograms (CHGs), developed by a team at Duke University, produces complex, multicolor holographic images…
Photomultiplier Tubes from Brown Team Will Be the 'Eyes' of New Dark Matter Detector
Brown University researchers have assembled two arrays of photomultiplier tubes (PMTs) to serve as the “eyes” for the LUX-(L-Z)…
Photoacoustic Approach Uses Lasers to Send Messages
Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Lincoln Laboratory have demonstrated two laser-based methods to transmit various audio tones and…
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our monthly News Bulletin to discover our most recent innovative solutions and quality products for the life sciences market.
You Have a Vision. We Make it a Reality.
The key to the future is collaboration, and at we put the focus on what matters — the success of your systems. With IDEXology, we solve complex problems and mitigate risk through strategic partnerships.
You See Innovation. We See Your Roadmap.
From our extensive experience working with our partners, we’ve evolved a best-practice collaboration path to guide the optimization of your optofluidics solution with expert precision. Your ideas stay safe and protected while we solve complex problems together.
We provide excellent educational information and tools to support our partners. We have detailed and interactive pages to help you access a wide selection of guidelines for your optofluidic needs.
My story begins with 25 years of working with customers to understand their needs and get them results fast. When our customers have an urgent change of plans, keep track of the details and keep everyone on schedule by evaluating the complete situation, being organized, and maintaining open communications throughout the process. enable win-win scenarios for both and our customers.
My story begins with 25 years of working with customers to understand their needs and get them results fast. When our customers have an urgent change of plans, keep track of the details and keep everyone on schedule by evaluating the complete situation, being organized, and maintaining open communications throughout the process. enable win-win scenarios for both and our customers.
My story begins with 25 years of working with customers to understand their needs and get them results fast. When our customers have an urgent change of plans, keep track of the details and keep everyone on schedule by evaluating the complete situation, being organized, and maintaining open communications throughout the process. enable win-win scenarios for both and our customers.
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.My Cart
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.We See Your Roadmap.
Your ideas stay safe and protected while we solve complex problems together. Science, is the global leader in life fluidics, microfluidics, and optics, offering a three-fold advantage to customers by bringing optofluidic paths to life with strategic partnerships, breakthrough solutions, and proven expertise. As one of the few companies in the world with component, sub-system, and application level experts, helps instrument developers solve the most demanding fluidic and optical challenges in a wide array of applications. At we believe partnership will change the way the world innovates, leading to new technologies that improve our health, protect our planet, and enrich our lives.
When companies partner, we all go farther. Our comprehensive line of products, team of optofluidics experts, and innovative engineering capabilities collectively position as the forerunner in life fluidics and optics. These integrated assets work seamlessly together to enable your pathways beyond the combination of components. We optimize optofluidic paths to provide the best solution for our customers.
We are the premier provider of engineered fluidic and optics products and related sub-systems to the life sciences market.
We optimize fluidic assemblies with validated, best-in-class components, select technology partnerships, and extensive industry experience. Systems demand sophisticated fluid control, making intelligent pathway optimization an essential component of instrument success. At Science, we innovate and manufacture fluidic components and assemblies that work within a broad range of performance parameters to support your application from concept, to prototype, and then to final production.
Our optofluidics components and solutions maximize pathway performance and provide instrument manufacturers with significant development advantages, including:
We work with you to achieve increased instrument run-to-run repeatability and reliability.
We collaborate with our customers to achieve instrument run-to-run reliability through serviceable interface construction, cleanly swept flow paths, and solid connections all while selecting the proper material for critical locations in the flow path.
Expert product knowledge allows us to quickly advance your designs.
We specialize in optimizing your optofluidic design so you can focus on the science. Our use of rapid prototyping tools, experience with responsive design, and ability to draw on expert product knowledge allows us to quickly advance your designs.
We tightly control quality and reproducibility to ensure consistency every time.
We tightly control the quality and reproducibility of our components, manufacturing the same optofluidics, every time. Our well-engineered path designs, parts kits, and components guarantee consistent instruments through the lifetime of your product.
We improve system ease-of-use to enhance user experience and minimize system failure.
We have combined the highest quality components with easy-to-operate, intuitive connections to enhance user experience and minimize system failure. We make components interchangeable to improve system ease-of-use.
We are a strong force of committed people and innovative products for your optofluidic pathway, continually increasing our product offering, expanding our market relevance by connecting to new customers, and positioning ourselves as global leaders in optofluidics engineering.
Worldwide Optofluidics at As a global company, has an international network of direct sales professionals and distribution partners in place to provide personal service to every customer. Our experts are ready to visit your operation, assess your fluidic needs, and develop solutions for your application challenges.
is committed to preserving the environment. Our continuous improvement programs hold our facilities accountable to reduce waste, prevent pollution, and conserve resources. Many products comply with and Roregulations.
is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.My Cart
Thank you for your interest in Science. Here you will find photos, assets, and information that will help you share our story.
is the global authority in fluidics and optics for the life sciences market, offering a three-fold advantage to customers by bringing optofluidic paths to life with products, people, and engineering expertise. Respected worldwide for solving complex problems, delivers complete life instrumentation development innovation for analytical, diagnostic, and biotechnology applications. With the industry’s broadest portfolio of state-of-the-art components and capabilities, is changing the vision for optofluidic solutions, anticipating customers’ needs with intelligent solutions for life. Product offerings includes: connections, valves, pumps, degassers, column hardware, manifolds, microfluidics, consumables, integrated fluidic assemblies, filters, lenses, laser sources, light engines, and integrated optical assemblies. 
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.My Cart
 Trademarks and/or Other Trademarks to view the brand name and company who owns them.
Science,   Bottom-of-the-Bottle
  Frit-In-A-Ferrule
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corporation
DuPont Performance Elastomers
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corporation
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corporation
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corporation
 is a trademark of The Chemours Company FC, used under license by the Company
Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics Corporation
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.My Cart
Keep Your Eye on Opportunities. Let Us Help You Excel.
is a unit of Corporation and has facilities all over the world. We seek out and hire talented, qualified individuals who share our core values and who can contribute to our success.
 As an equal opportunity employer, we look for a broad range of experience, abilities, and cultural backgrounds to help us build and maintain a diverse, performance-minded workforce. From engineers and machinists to sales and administration, we believe that everyone has a unique contribution to make and are focused on matching the right experience with the right opportunities in our global enterprise.
We also recognize the importance of personal and family time and are committed to enable our employees to grow professionally, while pursuing personal goals. The benefits we offer — from employee assistance, to tuition reimbursement, to holiday, and vacation policies — supports our philosophy below.
 Generous paid time off programs, including holidays, vacation, and sick leave 
 Employee Assistance Program to assist all employees in meeting their personal, work, and professional objectives 
Because is an international company, it’s worth noting that benefits may vary based on local country laws and business practices. Detailed information can be provided by the business unit in the specific country of interest.
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.My Cart
In this section details explicit agreements for both “Buyer” and “Seller.” Some of the areas covered are orders and releases, price and surcharges and payment terms. Please refer to these conditions when questions arise regarding sale related issues.
This section address the terms and conditions set forth by and for the process, approval and terms and conditions we use in regard to the use of purchase orders. Please review our guidelines and agreements to assist you in your purchase order inquiry.
This Chemical Compatibility Disclaimer is designed to inform you about Science’s Chemical Compatibility Guide. We discuss the purpose for our guide. We discuss the intention in providing this guide and how you can best utilize it.
best practices regarding the privacy of our website users. It determines the ways we can and cannot use information of visitors to our website. We will cover forms of all types, online surveys, information sharing and other applicable interfacing.
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
We have acquired a series of leading companies that augment our offering of outstanding fluidic and optical components. These select partnerships give us a leading edge in the market place and continue to position as the authority in optofluidic engineering and manufacturing. Explore our history below.
Founded in 2000, Finger Lakes Instrumentation is a technology leader in the design, development, and production of low-noise cooled and high-speed, high-sensitivity cooled Scientific cameras for the astronomy and life markets. The acquisition into fills a strategic gap that compliments our life optofluidic portfolio.
The acquisition of thinMicrotechnology served to establish as the global leader in microfluidic technologies, and sharpen its focus on the growth of integrated optofluidic sub-systems, components, and highly engineered solutions across its target markets. thinMicrotechnology was founded in 2001 and is located in Zweibrücken, Germany.
As part of Science’s strategic plan to become an optofluidic solution provider to the life instrument development market, the Semrock business line product line was integrated into along with Melles Griot. Semrock, which was founded in 2000, has become the standard in optical filters for the life industry, applying patented design techniques to create some of the most spectrally sophisticated optical filters on the market.
As part of Science’s strategic plan to become an optofluidic solution provider to the life instrument development market, the Melles Griot business line was integrated into Science. Founded in 1969, Melles Griot is the market leader in providing enabling optical systems, vertically integrated from components through system design, manufacturing, and metrology.
CiPrecision Services was acquired as part of Science’s strategic plan to broaden its fluidic product and capabilities portfolio. CiPrecision Services brings innovative microfluidic solutions that comply with the strictest standards and performance requirements for any conceivable life application. While founded in 1999 as a division of CiCorporation, CiPrecision Services separated as a stand alone business in 2007.
now brings superior gas and detection technology to our customers because of our acquisition of ERC’s equipment degassing solutions. was founded in 1988 and acquired by in 2012. was a pioneer in the design and manufacture of gas liquid separations and detection products. Their leading products included High-Flow Degassing Systems, components that improved the performance of high-throughput diagnostic instruments, and Refractive Index Detectors (RIDs) that utilize optical measurement, temperature control and signal/data processing for applications like Because of ERC, our degassing solutions are considered ‘standard’ for many of the world’s leading instrument producers.
Isolation Technologies products allow us to deliver the most advanced column hardware and accessories to the global market. Isolation Technologies was founded in 1993 and acquired by Corporation in 2008. The Isolation Technologies product line consists of customized, advanced columns and hardware for the pharmaceutical, biotech, proteomics, food and beverage, environmental, and petrochemical markets.
Since it’s founding in 1960, Eastern Plastics Inc. endured as the global provider of plastics machining. Corporation purchased Eastern Plastics Inc. in 2006, adding high-precision manifold manufacturing and custom plastics to our portfolio of expertise. Our parts and custom manifolds are designed for medical devices and diagnostics, instrumentation, semiconductor/electronics, and other analytical applications where complex, highly specialized plastic parts are required.
Upchurch Scientific has been the leading global manufacturer of fittings, tubing, and high-quality fluid transfer components and accessories for the demanding market since 1975. When they were acquired by the Corporation in 2004, Upchurch Scientific products became an integral part of LLC’s extensive portfolio of products. We remain the clear choice for end-users and OEMs looking for high-performance engineered thermoplastics and corrosion-resistant metal products.
Corporation acquired Systec in 2004, adding debubbling and degassing to our growing list of fluidic capabilities. Since 1971, OEMs looked to Systec for high-purity degassing efficiency in the chemical instrumentation, in vitro diagnostic and biotechnology markets. Now, with the acquisition of Systec products and manufacturing capabilities, is able to offer the same chemically inert degassing and debubbling systems for rigorously precise applications.
The acquisition of Sapphire Engineering has reaffirmed as the leading supplier of custom precision analytical and diagnostic components. For over 100 years Sapphire Engineering has reputably designed and manufactured products from ultrahard materials, including sapphire, ruby, ceramics, and stainless steel. They were founded in 1900 and acquired by the Corporation in 2004. Sapphire Engineering products are an integral part of the portfolio.
Rheodyne products are advanced fluid-handling solutions for a wide range of analytical instrumentation and in vitro diagnostic systems. Rheodyne was founded in 1976 and purchased by Corporation in 2002. Adding Rheodyne products to our portfolio allows us to deliver the same reliable standard of low- and high-pressure fluid valves, automated sample injectors, fluid-switching platforms, and associated products.
We Like to Innovate as Much as You Do
As your trusted partner in life instrument development, we continue to invest in leading technologies and capabilities to solve your most demanding challenges. Our experts support and guarantee your success with a newly enhanced portfolio of state-of-the-art components and capabilities that are unrivaled in breadth, quality, performance, and design. Our vision of the complete path goes far beyond just meeting your needs – it anticipates them, with intelligent solutions for life.
is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.My Cart
(NYSE: IEX) is a company that has undoubtedly touched your life in some way. In fact, we make thousands of products that are mission critical components in everyday activities. If you or a family member is battling cancer or another life-threatening disease, your doctor may have tested your in a quest to find the best targeted medicine for you. It’s likely your test was run on equipment that contains components made by our team. You can enjoy fresh fruits and vegetables thanks in part to Banjo, an company. Banjo valves are used on the agriculture sprayers that apply fertilizer on crops. And if you were ever in a car accident, the Hurst Jaws of Life®/LUKAS® tool may have rescued you.
Founded in 1988 with three small, entrepreneurial manufacturing companies, we’re proud to say that we now call 40 diverse businesses around the world part of the family. With 7,000 employees and manufacturing operations in more than 20 countries, is a high-performing, global $2+ billion company committed to making trusted solutions that improve lives.
About  is organized in three business segments to optimize our market strategies, better serve our customers, and provide a solid foundation for both organic and acquisitive growth. Learn more about our business segments below.
 Fluid Metering Technologies systems are used in a wide variety of severe duty and/or highly precise fluid-handling applications around the world. Customized solutions range from diesel engine lubrication to food and beverage processing to the movement, measurement and dispense of fossil fuels, ethanol, and other high value liquids and gases. With some of the most recognized brand names in positive displacement pumps, flow meters, compressors and injectors, is a supplier of choice within the rapidly growing infrastructure markets including alternative energy, oil gas, water and wastewater.
 Supporting rapid global growth in drug discovery, clinical diagnostics, and medical technology advancements, our employees design, produce, and distribute small-scale, highly precise fluidics components and sub-assemblies used in analytical and diagnostics instruments, as well as a growing range of medical equipment and implantable devices. Within this segment, it’s all about enabling increasingly small and precise sample sizes, more accurate analysis, and quicker results for technicians and patients alike.
 When seconds count, our Fire Safety equipment matters most. Our highly engineered firefighting pumps and foam systems, as well as our Jaws of Life
 extrication and recovery tools, are the preferred equipment of Fire Safety professionals around the globe. Complementing the municipal fire and safety markets, our diversified products group engineers band clamping solutions found everywhere from corner traffic lights and signposts to subsea and marine applications. Our paint dispensing solutions are found at major home improvement stores and independent retailers across the United States and Europe, enabling consumers to obtain a perfect color match every time.
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.Learn how partnering with suppliers reduces risk and increases innovation in your supply chain.
— Forbes Insights research in association with Video Player is loading.
Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.
This is a modal window. This modal can be closed by pressing the Escape key or activating the close button.
In this new era of fast-evolving technology, the opportunities for extraordinary advancements in life sciences are unlimited — from breakthroughs in personal medicine and customized smart medical devices, to the rise of genomics and proteomics, to precise high throughput molecular analyses. But, as these technologies evolve, so does the need for more agile design and development. With quick and complex design, change-on-the-go integrations have the danger of failing fast without proper proficiency in a given specialty. Without solid and verified goals in mind, it can be difficult for teams to keep on track.
Though the list of opportunities — and their associated challenges — are nearly endless, the question is, how can companies – or entire industries – that are facing fast-evolving technical demands innovate, compete, and win? To answer this question, partnered with Forbes Insights to survey 180 executives from the life sector as well as pharmaceuticals and aviation/aerospace.
As with life science, the mission for these latter two industries requires the integration of complex processes, components, and technologies to deliver highly advanced products and services. All three industries rely on applied and manage multi-year product development timelines. All suffer from the occasional development delays or cost overruns, and all possess valuable, often breakthrough, intellectual property (IP).
We Learned the Time to Partner is Now
The Forbes Insights report sheds light on the degree to which companies in these sectors are using supply chain collaboration to achieve an array of benefits. From accelerated time to market, improved quality, and reduced risk, to improved margins and widespread innovation, it’s clear that those who collaborate and partner most perform best.
In the report “Unlocking Innovation in Your Supply Chain: Five Collaborative Insights for Life Science,” you’ll learn how research shows greater collaboration — even partnership between OEMs and their suppliers — is the way to go. The report goes in-depth on the following key insights:
Download the Free Forbes Insights Report: Unlocking Innovation in Your Supply Chain: Five Collaborative Insights for Life *Required Field
is committed to preserving the environment. Our continuous improvement programs hold our facilities accountable to reduce waste, prevent pollution, and conserve resources. Many products comply with and Roregulations.
We have made our certifications available for you to view in our 
RoHS, stands for Restriction of Hazardous Substances. RoHS, also known as Directive 2011/65/EU, originated in the European Union and restricts the use of six hazardous materials found in electrical and electronic products. These are:
is a regulation of the European Union, adopted to improve the protection of human and the environment from the risks that can be posed by chemicals, while enhancing the competitiveness of the chemicals industry.
* All applicable products in the market after July 1, 2006 must pass Rocompliance.
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
© 2019  is a unit of Corporation.Keep Your Eye on Innovation.
Through strategic partnerships, engineers innovative components that result in optimized optofluidic systems. At Science, we don’t just build components; we also create innovative solutions that maximize performance and enable the complete optimization of the entire optofluidic pathway. We manufacture highly trusted products used in life instruments that perform precise sampling, reagent handling, optical analysis, sample processing, and many other analysis tasks.
Browse through our case studies below to see how partnership is the new innovation:
Our partner required rigid, high-tolerance sample probe arrays for biological analysis.
We developed composite metal/thermoplastic probe assemblies with the strength and precision of metal and the biological compatibility of a wetted flow path. These engineering innovations ensure reliable probe integrity, every time for every instrument.
Our partner required a compact, low pressure, low power consumption pump for diagnostics.
Our partner required alignment across applications from tens to hundreds of microns.
Our engineers installed a Ronchi Grating directly onto the consumable, allowing active alignment by autofocusing. Since the grating is located in a defined proximity to the detection channel, the instrument can easily detect the position of the disposable and fine-tune for optical read-out.
Our dynamic vacuum-level control system provides optimized degassing while protecting solvent composition. The result is extremely high quality degassing with minimal detriment, that greatly enhances run-to-run reliability.
Our partner needed storage of dry reagents for complex assays that are reliable, cost effective, and scalable.
Reagents are dispensed and dried onto reagent carriers called reagent plugs. These plugs are prepared independently from the cartridge in larger batches, functionalized on a titerplate format and assembled to the cartridge in a final assembly step. The processes for dry reagent preparation can be developed and performed independently of the cartridge manufacturing processes using standard equipment and has been proven to be scalable and compatible with industrial functionalization and assembly processes.
We used our expertise in engineered thermoplastics, process control, and manufacturing to create a fluidic manifold that met the demands of ultra-low-volume analysis and allowed the easy interchange of consumable microfluidic chips.
Our engineers designed a screw-driven pump with an energized seal and an ultra-smooth, ultra-hard piston that has unsurpassed life length and industry-leading precision.
Our partner asked us to help minimize carryover and fluid loss during sample introduction.
Our support team worked closely with the customer to teach valve operation, sample loop overfill, rinsing, and pressure equalization methods. These procedures were used in the instrument after collaborative validation, resulting in a significant increase in system reliability.
Our engineers developed two different approaches to this problem which are both equally well suited for mass manufacturing and facilitate completely sealed and self-contained cartridge designs. First, is fluid manipulation using a bellow. Bellow volume is modified by an instrument-based actuator and due to the hermetically sealed design of the consumable itself, this compression leads to a fluid manipulation. Second, is the implementation of a thin-film pump, also mechanically operated by the instrument, into a closed-loop fluidic network. Two layers of film being assembled to the consumable are deflected to form a pump cavity and are operated similar to a peristaltic pump.
Our partner required protection and preservation of reagent stability during manufacturing, assembly, and long-term storage.
Our lab-on-a-chips feature liquid reagents stored in both blister packs and in cavities on the chip. controlled release of the liquid reagent is achieved with a frangible seal on the channel which connects the blister to the rest of the fluidic network of the cartridge.My Cart
We are dedicated to upholding to the highest standards of quality.
ensures the quality of both new and existing product designs using Statistical Quality Control (SQC) methods to monitor our processes. We are committed to providing top quality components and subassemblies.
We pride ourselves on our commitment to quality and reliability. This is why we’ve undertaken accreditation from the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) for 9001:2008. View and download our certificates here:
 Documented and benchmarked processes 
 Sophisticated and accurate measuring and inspection equipment 
Quality at the Source
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
Science, and its subsidiaries (also referred to in this document as “Science, LLC”, “H&S”, “we”, “our”, and “us”) are committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy. Science, is established in the United States, with our registered office at 600 Park Court, Rohnert Park, 94928, United States and for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), we are the data controller for all information processed in relation to the and Website (www.idex-hs.com). The subsidiary you contract with will be the data controller of information provided for the purposes of marketing and providing any H&services. This privacy statement is designed to make you aware of our privacy practices, of the types of information that we collect from you, and how that information will be used both when you use our website and client portal at  www.idex-hs.com (the “Website”) or interact with us offline in relation to providing or receiving goods and/or services.
This Privacy Statement covers the collection, treatment, and use of any personal information gathered by H&from customers, suppliers, vendors, and other entities that H&does business with.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third-party websites, services, and applications that you elect to access through our Website.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement in general or any part of it, you should not access the Website. Please take a moment to review our policies and practices described below.
1.1 Customers and Vendors
Through your in-person communications and/or online interactions with H&S, we will ask you to provide information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences. We will combine the information you provide to us through different communications and contact channels, such as combining data collected online with information provided offline. In addition, personal information will be required to determine access eligibility for certain restricted parts of our Website.
While you are visiting our Website, we may collect some technical data related to your browsing session such as address, browser type and language, number of visits to our Website and the hyperlinks you visited.
We use such technical data in aggregate form, save as indicated in the paragraph below, without identifying you personally for H&S’s own reporting, statistics and website enhancements, as well as for information security purposes.
Login or other tracking information that may identify you through website navigation will be stored for short time periods for technical security, website improvements, customer relationship purposes and so far as you continue interacting with H&S.
H&will use the personal information that we collect from you for the general purposes set out below. As it is in our legitimate interests to be responsive to you, to ensure the proper functioning of our products and organization and to provide you with a better service, we will use your personal information as follows.
To communicate with you if you submit a query or request a quote.
To sign you up if you subscribe to receive our newsletter or content or if you sign up for our webinars.
To provide the services to you, including providing quotes, proposals, demonstrations and generating contracts.
To provide customer services to you, including  processing and investigating complaints.
To conduct research and development, provide quality assurance and product validation.
To perform services and support on our products.
To improve our services and products.
To provide marketing communications to you with your consent, improve our brand management and conduct market research.
To personalize our Website and communications;
To ensure content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activity in connection with our Website and to improve our Website;
To administer the Website and for internal operations, in order to conduct troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey analysis;
To keep the Website safe and secure; and
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the content that we serve to you and others.
As part of the legal and regulatory obligations that we are subject to, we may also use your contact, usage and payment information to comply with such obligations and to comply with governmental and regulatory decisions.
We will use your personal information to better understand your needs and to provide you with a better service, including by responding to your correspondence, and providing updates on services and benefits.
Whenever we collect credit card numbers or other financial data, the data is only used for payment processing and the data is not retained for any other purpose.
From time to time in accordance with applicable law, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. To unsubscribe from promotional emails, please click here  or see Section 3 (Marketing Communications) below for more information.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws (including only with your consent where required by applicable laws), we will send you periodic marketing messages from H&S, including newsletters, promotions, and special offers. We will use your name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, social media profile, and email address to send these messages to you. You are able to opt out of receiving such messages without any negative effect to your relationship with H&by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each marketing email. However, please note that opting out will prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or special offers. If you opt out of such marketing messages, we will continue to send you non-marketing emails, e.g. emails about our business dealings with you. We also reserve the right to contact you when we believe it necessary, including where required by law.
We will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you wish to opt out at any time of other contacts from H&and without any negative effect to your relationship with H&S, and we will do everything we can to honor such requests. This choice will be offered at the bottom of our online or offline communications to you as well as on our web registration pages.
The personal information that we collect from you in relation to the provision of our Website will be transferred to and processed in the by Science, LLC.
The personal information that we collect from you in relation to the selling of our products will be subject to the terms of Science, Where the applies, such personal information may be transferred to, and processed in the by Science, under the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e., the standard contractual clauses) (the “Model Clauses”), pursuant to Decision 2004/915/and 2010/87/EU.
In addition to the above, H&S’s global organizational structure also requires the global transfer of personal information within the H&group of companies. As a consequence, as it is in our legitimate interests for the efficient operation of a global company, and as permitted by applicable law, the personal information that you provide to us will be transferred across state or country borders, including to countries outside the country in which you reside (including to countries outside the EEA), to consolidate data storage, simplify information management or synchronize customer relationship activities globally. It will also be processed by staff operating outside the country in which you reside (including countries outside of the EEA) who work for us or one of our resellers, distributors, service providers, or suppliers as noted below.
We share your information with selected recipients. These categories of recipients include:
Cloud storage providers to store the personal information you provide and for disaster recovery services;
Service providers that provide us with customer relationship management services;
Service providers that provide us with survey services;
Service providers that provide us with market research services;
Agents and suppliers that provide us with technology services;
Distributors of our products and services;
Service providers that provide us with invoicing services; and
Our professional advisors, auditors and business partners.
H&will also disclose your personal information: (i) if we are required to do so by law; (ii) if we believe that it is necessary to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements or otherwise protect and defend the rights, property or safety of H&or that of our customers; (iii) in order to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal obligation or government inquiry; or (iv) to any entity that acquires any part of H&S’s current operations by way of merger, de-merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or usage of your personal information, as well as any choices you have regarding your personal information.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
We will retain your personal information in accordance with the retention periods set out in the table below:
Marketing communications including newsletters, webinars, and direct marketing.
Presales activities including provision of quotes, proposals, customer demos, producing contracts.
Legitimate interests of selling products and services to new and existing customers.
6 years from expiration of customer agreement.
Name, title, and contact details including email address and telephone number. Financial information including bank account and credit card details.
Legitimate interests of selling products and services to new and existing customers
Customer services including complaint investigation and compliance activities.
Service and support records are retained for 5 years post expiration of the customer agreement, save for where specific Product Line retention periods apply. Please refer to your Customer contract.
Where applies you have the following rights.
Access and Portability: You have the right to ask us to access the personal data we hold about you and be provided with certain information about how we use your personal data and who we share it with.
Where you have provided your personal data to us with your consent, you have the right to ask us for a copy of this data in a structured, machine readable format and to ask us to share (port) this data to another data controller.
Correction: You also have the right to ask us to correct your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to deletion: You have the right to ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you.
Restriction: In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data.
In addition, you have the right to complain to any applicable data protection supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are limited, for example, where fulfilling your request would adversely affect other individuals or company trade secrets or intellectual property, where there are overriding public interest reasons, or where we are required by law to retain your personal data.
At any time, you have the right to object to our processing of data about you in order to send you marketing, including where we build profiles for such purposes, and we will stop processing the data for that purpose.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal information, please contact us in the first instance at IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to raise a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in the country in which you live or work, where you think we have infringed data protection laws.
H&is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of personal information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and organizational measures to safeguard and secure it. We will store personal information in locations outside our direct control (e.g. on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers) and ensure that we have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place with such providers.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share this password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at  IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com .
While you are visiting our Website, we collect technical data related to your browsing session such as address, browser type and language, number of visits to our Website, and the hyperlinks you visited.
We use such technical data in aggregate form without identifying you personally for H&S’s own reporting, statistics, and website enhancements, as well as for information security purposes.
When you choose to post a resume to our Website and apply to become part of the H&team, please note that you will be taken to our corporate website ( www.idexcorp.com ).  The information you provide via the will be used solely for the purposes for which it is provided (including the processing of your application) and will be retained for such period as is necessary to comply with H&S’s legal and administrative requirements. The information collected and used while on these hosted pages is subject to Corporate Privacy Statement to the extent applicable to resumes.
This Privacy Statement is effective as of the date stated at the start of this Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time by posting the revised policy on our Website and updating the date the statement was last revised at the start of this Privacy Statement, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you by email or by means of a prominent notice on our home page. Unless we ask for your explicit agreement to certain terms of our policy, we consider that your continuous use of our Website means that you accept the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Please send/contact us with questions or comments about our privacy practices at:
is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.My Cart
 provides general compatibility information on various materials and chemicals. This information has been obtained from suppliers of materials and other third-party sources and has not been independently tested or verified by Science.
This Chemical Compatibility Guide is not intended to define the fitness or suitability of any product for any use or application and should not be relied upon by purchasers and users products in determining their fitness or suitability for any use or application.
makes no guarantee and provides no warranty or representation of any kind, express or implied, concerning the fitness or suitability of any product for any use or application, and shall have no liability or obligation of any kind if an product is used for an application for which it is not fit or suited.
Purchasers and users of products have the sole responsibility for determining the fitness and suitability of products for the applications for which they are used.
 global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. 
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following conditions (“General Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the General Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and are superseded and of no force or effect.
While uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information in the Site, makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “IS” KIND, IMPLIED, INCLUDING, TO, MERCHANTABILITY, PURPOSE, NON-Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as confidential and proprietary.
has not reviewed all the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
may at any time revise these General Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current General Conditions to which you are bound.
is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.