Leveraging the Baldrige Excellence Framework to guide Illinois organizations to enterprise excellence
Aligning performance and practice for strategic business success
Together We Achieve Excellence: Our Impact on Illinois Communities in 2017
Our organization has substantially benefited both tangibly and intangibly from our relationship with Much of the training we have provided would not have been contemplated nor realized without their help. We are grateful for the relationship and we look forward to continuing to work with to help our company become a World Class Manufacturer within the City of Chicago.
has been terrific at moving us forward while still respecting our company heritage and culture. They never pressured us to move too much, too fast and adjusted their approach to help cater to our company’s unique structure.
The relationship with is incredible – they are always accommodating and go out of their way to work with us. Our company is family, and just fit right into that. They listened to our ideas and thoughts and went right along with our culture.
In a small manufacturing community, it’s essential to build close relationships and leverage the experience of others. provided that for us and internally forced us to examine our network of resources, pulling in the right people and resources to get the job done.
really cannot say enough about working with To have a resource on-call with expertise that relates directly to our business and who is truly invested in our success has been a fantastic thing.
helped keep us focused and on track. Through the experience the personnel has from past roles and through other businesses, our staff has gained a great amount of knowledge.
The staff was extremely helpful in moving things forward for us. They challenged what we are undertaking internally and gave us direction to progress through improvements.
cannot say enough about the team at and how they have truly expanded our future at Lindy. We would not be in the renewed shape we are in without their knowledge, direction, and networking.
takes the time to listen to everyone’s perspective and they’re very patient. These projects have helped us to take a big step forward in modernizing our business processes.
Mike Koenigstein Roesch (of Manufacturing)
Manufacturing is the third most targeted industry for #cyberattacks. What kind of #cybersecurity training do you ha… https://t.co/lfgcYYYcj1 day ago
is one of your 2019 goals about developing in a more impactful leader? Our partners at   @ddiworld   compiled a list of… https://t.co/00xf7YCsz1 day ago
At IMEC, we recognize the value of a strong team and partnerships to bring our mission alive. Our key partners listed below serve in vital roles to provide strategic guidance and to set important policy priorities. Together we craft the direction and provide the resources to help our state’s competitiveness. Read More
SendAbout is a team of improvement specialists and technicians dedicated to providing organizations in Illinois with the tools and techniques to create sustainable competitive futures. The experienced hands-on team at works closely with its clients to plan critical business improvements in the areas of Leadership, Strategy, Customer Engagement, Operations, and Workforce.
With more than 50 full-time staff and partners positioned statewide, delivers the local expertise to not only plan and strategize, but to implement and evaluate the effectiveness of client improvements. In fact, assists more than 500 companies each year with successful business improvement projects.
As a result, has demonstrated a return on investment that exceeds 19:1. This is made possible as organizations become more effective and efficient – and together with – excel toward enterprise excellence.
As a approved Center, is the official representative of the National Network in Illinois.
The National Network is a unique public-private partnership that delivers comprehensive, proven solutions to manufacturers, fueling growth and advancing manufacturing.
We will lead the way for organizations to create their competitive future
Wondering what's in store for human resources in 2019? Our partner,   @TriNet  , shares six trends that businesses will… https://t.co/GRJnbkyt39 hours ago
Manufacturing is the third most targeted industry for #cyberattacks. What kind of #cybersecurity training do you ha… https://t.co/lfgcYYYcj1 day ago
has announced new members of the recognition program Panel of Judges.  The Panel of Judges is responsible for validating the integrity of the Awards for Excellence recognition cycle and determining recognition levels for each applicant. The panel is composed of experts selected from all industry sectors and geographic regions across the state of Illinois.
has announced eight organizations as recipients of the ILPEx Recognition Program’s 2018 Awards for Excellence. The high-performing organizations were evaluated against the Baldrige Criteria for Performance Excellence by the ILPEx Board of Examiners as part of the annual application process. Application scores and award determinations are made by the ILPEx Panel of Judges.  Two organizations are recognized with an Bronze Award for Commitment to Excellence, and 6 have received the Interest in Excellence Award.
Over the next 21 months, will partner with Greater Northwest Chicago Development Corporation (GNCDC) to enhance staff engagement levels by developing methods to improve job quality, productivity, and work environment for current and future employees. These tangible outcomes will positively affect business owners and their front-line employees.
Craig Sutton, Manager for Advanced Manufacturing Innovation at Deere & Company, has been elected to the Board of Directors. is led by a board of directors comprised of the leaders of manufacturing companies who focus on increasing the productivity and global competitive advantage of organizations in Illinois and provide input on the organization’s policies, programs, and performance.
The Panel of Judges is responsible for validating the integrity of the ILPEx Awards for Excellence recognition cycle and determining recognition levels for each applicant. Craig Thompson is the Director, Performance Excellence for the American College of Healthcare Executives (ACHE), a recipient of the 2016 ILPEx Gold Award for Achievement of Excellence. 
In 2017, clients reported $12.6 billion new and retained sales and the creation or retention of more than 100,000 jobs.
Hill Day provides members and their clients a chance to meet with their Congressional delegation to educate them about the NIST-program during the annual appropriations process.
The Panel of Judges is responsible for validating the integrity of the ILPEx Awards for Excellence recognition cycle and determining recognition levels for each applicant.
Industry leaders from manufacturing, healthcare, education, and the non-profit sectors will lead the agenda and offer organizational improvement strategies for the individual and the complete organization.
team members enjoy their jobs because of the challenge in working with a variety of organizations in a broad range of industries. They also gain satisfaction from providing assistance and advisement to help organizations succeed in a demanding marketplace.
We’re currently looking for experienced professionals to join our team. If you have the proven ability to lead companies down a path of continuous improvement, diagnose challenges, and deliver value, and you possess the interpersonal skills and confidence to build lasting relationships with leaders, consider a career at one of Illinois’ most dynamic business service organizations. offers an exciting, entrepreneurial environment where hard work and creativity are rewarded.
See our position announcements and job descriptions and apply online.
South Chicago, Far Northwest Suburbs, East Central Illinois, Northwestern Illinois and Quad Cities (Illinois)
Positions available at various field office locations statewide
To ensure that IMEC’s focus is in alignment with the needs of Illinois businesses, is led by a board of directors comprised of the leaders of companies from across the state. Small and mid-sized manufacturers – IMEC’s principal customer segment – are represented, as are larger OEMs such as Deere, Caterpillar, and healthcare organizations. Non-voting members include representatives from partner organizations and stakeholders.
Representatives to the Board (non-voting)
works with a large network of service provider partners for projects across the state. If you are interested in learning more about serving as a third party resource for IMEC, please contact info@imec.org or call 888-806-4632.
Please indicate the type of insurance coverage you have
certificate of liability insurance and a completed W-9 form will be required if a contract is signed.
Please indicate the geographic area(s) in which you are willing to work
Please provide a descriptive summary of your expertise and capabilities (up to 100 words): Include a response to the following questions, either here, in an email cover letter or in an electronic copy of your service description.
How can we create a win-win-win situation for the client, you and IMEC?
Please indicate the languages your organization is able to provide service to our customers.
Have you worked with other Centers?  Please describe:
Area of Expertise: Please rank, in order of their importance, up to four of the expertise codes listed below, which best describe your particular area(s) of expertise
If your company is a subject matter expert in a particular industry please comment below
Activity: Please indicate how many different clients you have served as a consultant in the past two years
To help us present your credentials to clients most effectively, you are welcome to attach the additional materials amounting to no more than 10 pages.
Please indicate the type of insurance coverage you have
certificate of liability insurance and a completed W-9 form will be required if a contract is signed.
Please indicate the geographic area(s) in which you are willing to work
Please provide a descriptive summary of your expertise and capabilities (up to 100 words): Include a response to the following questions, either here, in an email cover letter or in an electronic copy of your service description.
How can we create a win-win-win situation for the client, you and IMEC?
Please indicate the languages your organization is able to provide service to our customers.
Have you worked with other Centers?  Please describe:
Area of Expertise: Please rank, in order of their importance, up to four of the expertise codes listed below, which best describe your particular area(s) of expertise
If your company is a subject matter expert in a particular industry please comment below
Activity: Please indicate how many different clients you have served as a consultant in the past two years
To help us present your credentials to clients most effectively, you are welcome to attach the additional materials amounting to no more than 10 pages.
