Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
Intelligent transport solutions Powered by industry-leading innovation and economics
Infinera’s ICE4 powers Australia-Japan Cable with best-in-class subsea transport
Multi-terabit capacity, low power consumption and proven reliability
CenturyLink and deliver multi-terabit capacity to SCinet
Supporting revolutionary applications and experiments at SC18
mTera, now with advanced Layer 1 data encryption
Unmatched operational speed and simplicity for cable MSOs
Industry first! 600transmission
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
(NASDAQ: INFN) Intelligent Transport Networks enable carriers, cloud operators, governments and enterprises to scale network bandwidth, accelerate service innovation and automate optical network operations. Infinera’s end-to-end packet-optical portfolio is designed for long-haul, subsea, data center interconnect and metro applications for the most demanding networks. We are proud and humbled that others are taking notice. Here is a partial list of the awards has received:
Telecom Asia’s Readers’ Choice Awards – Optical Network Innovation of the Year Award
Ranks as Global Optical Network Equipment Leader
Next Generation Optical Networking Awards – Best Optical Product – Ultra Long-Haul for DTN-Series Meshponder
Next-Gen Technology for University Research Network
2016 LightWave Innovation Reviews for Datacenter Interconnect Solution, 4.5
PT-Fabric received Broadband Technology Report’s 5 Diamonds/Innovation Award
Names Leader in Optical Networking and Datacenter Interconnect Market
Leading Lights Company of the Year (Public) – For the 2nd Consecutive Year!
Fierce Innovation Awards Finalist – Data Centers
Wholesale Service Innovation – Terabyte Network Upgrade Project (with BICS)
Infonetics Research 2014 Optical Scorecards: #1 Optical Hardware Vendor
Wholesale Service Innovation – Guinness World Record for Multi-Terabit Optical Capacity on GÉNetwork (with DANTE)
2013 Best Technology Innovation (with DANTE)
Second Fastest-growing Technology Company in North America
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
Imagine being part of a team that is making the network of the future a reality.
Emerging 5mobile services, the Internet of Things, streaming video, Carrier Ethernet and cloud-based on-demand business services are driving unprecedented bandwidth demand. The products and solutions in Infinera's Intelligent Transport Network use disruptive, industry-leading technology to enable service providers, cloud operators, governments and enterprises across the globe to build optical networks with more speed, capacity and scalability than ever before.
We are driving innovation on fast forward and creating a world with unlimited bandwidth. The network of the future will allow for content and creativity limited only by its users' imaginations. And to ensure that remains at the forefront of optical networking technology, our workplace will always be a breeding ground for ideas that transform the industry. We are working to redefine the network, but our people define us.
Browse job openings at Infinera, where the opportunities are limitless and the possibilities are infinite.
Our comprehensive benefits package is designed to take the very best care of our employees and their families.
Our employees are diverse, but they share many traits, attributes and experiences that contribute to our world-class team.
We’re committed to building a community of talented individuals who value ingenuity, team work and integrity. is a conglomerate of exceptional people from all different backgrounds. Some have come from colossal organizations where their contributions were glossed over. Others came from small companies where there was no team to encourage their growth and progression. At Infinera, all of them have found a dynamic environment that fosters creativity, professional development and collaboration.
Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work alongside highly respected industry leaders – your contributions will be welcomed, and you’ll play an active part in our success.
If this is something that interests you and you want to be part of what the network will be, come take a look at a team where an idea today can be set in motion tomorrow!
Thank you for your interest in Infinera. At this time we are not accepting unsolicited resumes from outside agencies. All unsolicited resumes sent to will be considered our property. For future recruiting services consideration, please submit your company information to careers@infinera.com. We appreciate your cooperation.
is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color national origin, sex, age status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability. Employer/Vet/Disabled
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
To enable an infinite pool of intelligent bandwidth that the next communications infrastructure is built upon.
Earn a superior return by enabling our customers to build and operate the world’s best optical networks.
We expect to win and we hate to lose. We are aggressive in the pursuit of our goals and we value achievement. We’re focused, we’re resilient and we’re persistent. We solve problems using the best data and resources available to us and we get things done in the smartest possible way.
The success of our customers is paramount, and we will do everything necessary to earn our customers’ business honestly. We believe we must re-earn this business with every subsequent transaction.
We are courageous and take risks. We solve problems others are afraid to solve, or can’t even see. We invent solutions that are smart, economical and meet our customers’ real needs.
We are committed to, and hold ourselves accountable for, the highest standards of conduct and behavior in every action, interaction and aspect of our work.
We are committed to ensuring the highest standards of quality, at all times and in all ways, in our products, our services and our approach to doing business.
We are a team of “doers.” We don’t wait to be asked or told. We roll up our sleeves and we get stuff done. We are comfortable with cross-functional structures, regardless of title or level, and we work as a team to make things happen. Meaningful and difficult work can only be accomplished through collaborative team effort.
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
Infinera’s end-to-end portfolio expands to the metro market through the Series and Series
Break free with extreme simplicity, hyperscalability, power and space efficiency and built-in security
has numerous partners around the globe - we can help you find one
partners with global market leaders to provide solutions that meet our customers' needs
Are you an Official Reseller? Log into our portal for partner-specific assets
Take a closer look at how our customers are using and implementing our products
Infinera’s network of partners helps expand the reach of our Intelligent Transport Network solutions. Our partners bring market-specific expertise, language support and strong business value to end users around the world.
Our goal is to help bandwidth-hungry customers implement end-to-end optical networks that meet their needs today while scaling into tomorrow.
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
empowers network operators to scale network bandwidth, accelerate service innovation and simplify optical network operations. Network operators across the globe rely on Intelligent Transport Networks to create rich end-user experiences based on efficient, high-bandwidth optical networking.
is unique in its use of breakthrough semiconductor technology to deliver large-scale photonic integrated circuits (PIC), and in the application of PICs to vertically integrated optical networking solutions that deliver the industry’s only commercially available terabit FlexCoherent super-channels.
Meeting customers’ specific deployment needs and providing industry-leading customer support is in our Our commitment is to develop innovative 
 to all of our customers.
Below is a partial list comprising publicly announced customers.
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
To contact an Sales Representative, please fill out the form below.
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Tom Fallon has served as our since January 2010 and a member of our Board of Directors since July 2009.
Mr. Fallon also served as our President from January 2010 to June 2013, and as our Chief Operating Officer from October 2006 to December 2009. From April 2004 to September 2006, Mr. Fallon served as our Vice President of Engineering and Operations. From August 2003 to March 2004, Mr. Fallon was Vice President, Corporate Quality and Development Operations at Cisco. From March 1991 to August 2003, Mr. Fallon served in a variety of functions at Cisco, including General Manager of the Optical Transport Business Unit and Vice President of Service Provider Manufacturing. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Fallon also served in various manufacturing roles at Sun Microsystems and Hewlett Packard.
Mr. Fallon currently serves on the boards of directors of Hercules Capital, Inc., a specialty finance company, and the Engineering Advisory Board of the Cockrell School at the University of Texas. Mr. Fallon holds and degrees from the University of Texas at Austin.
Founder and Chief Innovation Officer
David Welch, Ph.D., is Founder and Chief Innovation Officer at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. In this role, he drives deep business and technology innovation through forward-looking strategies, including breakthrough technologies and technology partnerships, in addition to innovative business and market directions. Dr. Welch is currently a member of Infinera’s Board of Directors, where he has served the company since 2010.Dr. Welch’s past roles at include Chief Strategy and Technology Officer from 2017 to 2018, President from 2013 to 2017, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer from 2004 to 2013 and Chief Technology Officer (CTO) from 2001 to 2004. Prior to co-founding Infinera, he served as CTO, Transmission Division at Uniphase, and in various executive roles, including and Vice President of Corporate Development, at Spectra Diode Labs (SDL).
Dr. Welch currently serves on the Board of Directors of Rezolute, a biopharmaceutical company. He holds over 130 patents, and has been awarded the Optical Society of America’s (OSA) Adolph Lomb Medal, Joseph Fraunhofer Award and John Tyndall Award, as well as the Institute of Engineering Technology’s Thompson Medal for Electronics. He is a Fellow of and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and is a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
Dr. Welch holds a in Electrical Engineering from the University of Delaware and a Ph.in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University.
Brad Feller is Chief Financial Officer (CFO) at Infinera, a role he has held since 2014. He oversees accounting, accounts payable and receivable, business management, financial planning and analysis, investor relations, tax and treasury. Mr. Feller’s responsibilities include financial reporting and compliance, contracts, financing and cash management, among others.Prior to joining Infinera, Mr. Feller held leadership roles at Marvell Technology Group, serving as Interim from 2012 to 2013 and Vice President, Corporate Controller from 2008 to 2012. Prior to Marvell, he served as Corporate Controller and Financial Reporting Manager at Integrated Device Technology, and in the technology practice at Ernst & Young LLP, serving large multinational clients including Intel, Juniper Networks and Oracle.
Mr. Feller is a certified public accountant (inactive) in California and holds a in Business Administration from San Jose State University.
As Infinera’s Chief Operating Officer (COO) since October 2018, David Heard is responsible for leading the innovation of new solutions and the overall operation excellence of the company, overseeing functions including corporate development, facilities, human resources, information technology, marketing, operations, product lifecycle management, quality, research and development and services. Since joining in June 2017, he has led product realization, driving product delivery within time, scope, cost and quality parameters. Mr. Heard is also responsible for defining corporate strategy, planning and objectives, systems and processes. Mr. Heard brings a proven track record of technology industry leadership, with more than 25 years of success in the industry. Most recently, Mr. Heard served as President of Network and Service Enablement at Uniphase from 2010 to 2015, where he led transformation and increased shareholder value by over 50 percent, and as at BigBand Networks (now Arris) from 2007 to 2010, where he took the company public and improved its overall operational fitness and customer engagement. Earlier roles included President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at Somera (now Jabil), where he turned the company profitable, took it public, and increased the value of its intellectual property and President and General Manager, Switching Division, at Tekelec (now Oracle), where he grew revenues, expanded the product portfolio and successfully transitioned in Santera Systems, where he had been President and CEO, following its acquisition.
Mr. Heard holds a in Production and Operations Management from Ohio State University, an from the University of Dayton and an in Management from Stanford Graduate School of Business, where he was a Sloan Fellow.
Bob Jandro is Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales at Infinera, a role he has held since 2013. He oversees global sales, business development, sales engineering and operations and strategic partnerships. Mr. Jandro’s responsibilities include revenue growth, new customer and strategic partner acquisition and go-to-market strategy.
In his most recent roles prior to joining Infinera, Mr. Jandro was Vice President of Business Development at Openwater Software, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer and President at Nsite Software, Inc. (now part of Business Objects). Earlier, Mr. Jandro served as the Executive Vice President of Global Sales and Services for Systems, joining pre-revenue, growing the company to over $200 million of revenue in its second year and helping to lead a successful initial public offering. Previously, Mr. Jandro served in multiple roles at Oracle, most recently as Group Vice President, Communications and Utilities Industries.
Mr. Jandro earned a in Business from the University of Missouri - St. Louis and a Masters of Management from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management.
Parthiban Kandappan is Chief Technical Officer at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. In this role, he oversees systems design and is responsible for technology vision and industry leadership in systems architecture.
Mr. Kandappan has nearly 30 years of computing and communications technology and management experience. Prior to assuming his current role, he served as Infinera’s Senior Vice President and Head of Architecture from 2013 to 2018. Mr. Kandappan was General Manager, Transport Business Unit at Applied Micro from 2011 to 2013, and before that, he held a variety of technology and leadership roles at over the course of nearly a decade, including Vice President, Advanced Systems Design and Vice President, Systems Engineering. Earlier, he held leadership roles including Vice President, Hardware Engineering at Zaffire Inc. (now Centerpoint); Switch Architect and founding member at Berkeley Networks (now Fore Systems) and various senior engineering roles at 3Com and Digital Equipment Corporation.
Mr. Kandappan holds a with Honors from University of Madras, India, and an from Virginia Tech, where he also completed part of the Ph.program. He has eleven issued patents, with others filed.
Greg Greco is Senior Vice President (SVP) of Global Research and Development (R&D) at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. In this role he oversees roadmap execution, new product introduction, project management, testing and delivery across functions including hardware, software and application-specific integrated circuits.
Prior to joining Infinera, Mr. Greco was a Founding Partner at Growth Group, an experience-based consultancy company helping businesses drive strategic growth, where he engaged with mid-sized companies to address transformational challenges driven by network function virtualization and software-defined networking. His past senior leadership roles include Chief Technology Officer and SVP, Global R&at Network and Service Enablement; SVP, Global R&at BigBand Networks; Vice President (VP), Engineering at Tekelec and Santera Systems (now Tekelec) and VP, General Manager and Head of R&at Lucent Technologies.
Mr. Greco holds a in Electrical Engineering (summa cum laude) and an in Electrical Engineering from the Polytechnic University of New York.
Minoo Mortazavi is Infinera’s Senior Vice President of Global Operations, a role she has held since October 2018. She oversees sourcing, planning, procurement, outsourced partners management, manufacturing, logistics, indirect materials and supply chain design. Her responsibilities include cost reduction; on-time, on-quality delivery; building an optimized supply chain that supports scaling efficiency and creating ever greater flexibility through the value chain.Prior to assuming her current role, Ms. Mortazavi served as Infinera’s Senior Vice President of Global Systems Manufacturing and Supply Chain from 2010 to 2018 and Vice President of Strategic Materials from 2007 to 2010. Before joining Infinera, she was Vice President of Global Materials at Uniphase, and worked at Solectron.
She holds a in Business Administration and an from California State University, Long Beach and a Certificate in Contract Management from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Reza Ghaffari is the Senior Vice President of Business Process at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. In this role he oversees the company’s business process, information technology, mega-service deals, quality, environmental health and safety, facilities and site services functions. From 2016 to 2018, he served as Chief Operating Officer at Coriant, where he led global services and support, helping to reshape the organization with a proactive real-time approach that effectively and efficiently provided a higher level of service to customers. Mr. Ghaffari also led operational excellence, which enhanced synergies of operations, elevated operational optimization and reduced costs across all business units.Mr. Ghaffari has a long track record of success and global exposure as a serial entrepreneur building companies from the ground up, with over 25 years of telecom-related experience ranging from enterprise network solutions, regional distribution and cloud communication services. Between 2000 and 2005, Mr. Ghaffari worked at Verizon, where he was responsible for innovation, product development and strategic partnership programs. During his tenure at Verizon, a number of products were designed, developed and launched under his leadership.
Mr. Ghaffari holds a in Electrical Engineering from Boston University.
Pat DiPietro is the Senior Vice President of the Integration Management Office at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board at Coriant, having created Coriant out of the founding companies of Optical, Tellabs and Sycamore in 2013. He brings over 35 years of industry experience and expertise to his role.
From 2012 to 2018, Mr. DiPietro served as an Operating Partner at Marlin Equity Partners working on transactions in the technology space. In addition to launching several highly successful networking products and start-up ventures, he has held executive management and research and development roles in leading telecommunications and technology companies, including senior leadership roles at Nortel and Bell Northern Research. Mr. DiPietro previously served as Managing Partner at Canada’s Partners, overseeing the company’s Technology Fund. As a venture capitalist, he managed a portfolio of more than 20 start-up companies and sat on numerous boards, including those of Sandvine, SiGe Semiconductor, Continuous Computing, Systems, Neterion and BelAir Networks.
Mr. DiPietro earned a B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering from Queen's University, and has completed master’s courses in Telecommunications Management from Carleton University.
Fred Kish serves as our Senior Vice President responsible for our Optical Integrated Component Group (inclusive of both chips and Modules).
Prior to this role, he served as our Vice President, Development and Manufacturing since May 2001. From November 1999 to May 2001, Dr. Kish served as R&and Manufacturing Development Functional Manager for the Fiber Optics Communications Division of Agilent Technologies, Inc., a measurement and technology company for communications, electronics, life sciences and chemical analysis.
Dr. Kish holds B.S., and Ph.degrees in electrical engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
Alex Derecho is Senior Vice President (SVP) of Global Services at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. In this role he oversees services business development, the Technical Assistance Center (TAC) and professional services. He joined as of Global Customer Service in January 2018.
From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Derecho was SVP, Global Service and Support at Harmonic, where he oversaw an array of service and support programs, including system design, service deployments, technical support and professional services. Earlier senior leadership roles included of Customer Services at BigBand Networks, Vice President of Operations at Network Physics, Vice President of Global Services and Support at Harmonic and Senior Director of Worldwide Sales and Services at DiviCom before the company was acquired by Harmonic.
Mr. Derecho hold a in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Illinois and an in Technology Management from Pepperdine University.
Glenn Laxdal is Senior Vice President of Disaggregated, Edge and Access Solutions at Infinera. In this role, he leads global product strategy and product management and development for Infinera’s data center interconnect, metro edge and access product portfolio. Mr. Laxdal joined as Senior Vice President of Product Management in January 2018.Mr. Laxdal came to from Ericsson, where he was Head of Network Products for Ericsson North America, responsible for driving product management, strategy, sales and delivery for the multi-billion dollar network products business. Prior to that, Glenn was the Chief Technology Officer and Head of Strategy for Ericsson North America, where he drove Ericsson’s technology direction and company strategy in 5and cloud.
Before joining Ericsson, Glenn held leadership positions at Research In Motion (Blackberry), where he was Vice President of Global Product Management, and prior to that, Nortel, where he spent 15 years in a variety of executive roles in both carrier and enterprise networks.
Glenn holds bachelor’s degrees in economics and business from the University of Saskatchewan and an from the University of Toronto’s Rotman School of Management.
Uwe Fischer is Senior Vice President, System Solutions Business Group at Infinera, a position he has held since October 2018. In this role, he oversees strategy and planning and holds full business responsibility for Infinera’s carrier networks solution portfolio, including the 7300, 7100, mTera, DTN-and subsea platforms.
Mr. Fischer brings 30 years of technical strategy and product management experience in optical networking to this role. From 2013 to 2018, he served as Executive Vice President of Products and Solutions at Coriant, a role in which he was responsible for the strategy and planning of the company’s comprehensive portfolio of SDN-enabled, end-to-end packet-optical transport products and solutions. Mr. Fischer also served as Chief Technology Officer, responsible for defining Coriant’s future network vision and technology strategy, as well as directing the company’s research and standardization activities.
Mr. Fischer’s earlier executive management positions included Head of Product Management for the Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN) Optical Networks business, Head of NSN's Dense Wavelength-division Multiplexing (DWDM) Business Line and Head of Business Development, Transport Networks at Siemens AG.
Mr. Fischer holds a master’s in electrical engineering from the University of Kaiserslautern, Germany. He holds a series of patents in optical transmission and optical networking, and is also a member of the Optical Society of America (OSA).
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
End-to-end Packet-Optical Transport Innovation
(NASDAQ: INFN) is an industry-leading supplier of intelligent transport network solutions that provide the resilient foundation for the largest and most demanding Tier 1 carrier, cable operator, internet content provider, government and enterprise networks worldwide. With a distinguished heritage of optical networking innovation and more than 2,000 patents, Infinera’s end-to-end, multi-layer packet-optical solutions enable network operators to scale network bandwidth on demand, accelerate service provisioning and automate operational tasks.
An Infinite Pool of Intelligent Bandwidth
was founded on a vision of enabling an infinite pool of intelligent bandwidth powered by software-activated on-demand service provisioning. With a newly expanded portfolio, we are taking that proven capability from the core to the edge of the network, leveraging industry-leading economics and the unmatched optical performance of our vertically integrated Infinite Capacity Engine to deliver unique customer value, including:
Innovative technology to rapidly deliver on-demand capacity from edge to core
Fast and easy deployment with application-aware multi-layer automation
Instant scalability to meet ever-growing bandwidth demand
Cloud Networks and Metro Data Center Interconnection
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
Kambiz Hooshmand has been a member of our Board of Directors since December 2009 and has served as Chairman of our Board of Directors since October 2010. From March 2005 to May 2009, Mr. Hooshmand served as President and of Applied Micro Circuits Corporation, a communications solutions company. From March 2000 to February 2002, Mr. Hooshmand served as Vice President and Division General Manager of the Business Unit of Cisco. From February 2002 to March 2005, Mr. Hooshmand also served as Group Vice President and General Manager of Cisco. From June 1997 to February 2000, Mr. Hooshmand served as Cisco's Vice President of Engineering. From January 1992 to June 1997, Mr. Hooshmand served as Director of Engineering of StrataCom, Inc., a networking solutions company. Mr. Hooshmand holds a in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from California State University, Chico and an in Engineering from Stanford University.
John Daane has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2016. Mr. Daane served as President, CEO, and a board member of Altera Corporation, a semiconductor company, from November 2000 through Altera's acquisition by Intel in December 2015. Mr. Daane also served as Chairman of Altera's board from May 2003 through December 2015. From June 1985 through November 2000, Mr. Daane worked for Logic Corporation, a semiconductor manufacturer, in a variety of positions starting as an engineering intern and ending as Executive Vice President of the Communications Products Divisions, including the Networking, Wireless, Telecom, Computer and Consumer Divisions, and central engineering. Mr. Daane also served as a board member of the Semiconductor Industry Association from January 2003 through December 2015. Mr. Daane holds a in Artificial Intelligence from the University of California at Berkeley.
Greg Dougherty has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2019. Mr. Dougherty served as Chief Executive Officer of Oclaro from June 2013 until its acquisition by Lumentum in December 2018. Mr. Dougherty also served as a director of Oclaro from April 2009 until the completion of the sale in December 2018. Prior to Oclaro, Mr. Dougherty served as a director of Avanex Corporation, a leading global provider of intelligent photonic solutions, from April 2005 to April 2009, when Avanex and Bookham merged to become Oclaro. Mr. Dougherty also served as a director of Picarro, Inc., a manufacturer of ultra-sensitive gas spectroscopy equipment using laser-based technology, from October 2002 to August 2013, and as its Interim Chief Executive Officer from January 2002 to April 2004. He also served as a board member of the Ronald McDonald House at Stanford from January 2004 to December 2009, and the Bay Area Make-A-Wish Foundation. Earlier in his career, Mr. Dougherty served as the Chief Operating Officer at from 1997 to 2001, when the company was acquired by Uniphase Corporation, where he continued in the role until 2002. From 1989 to 1997, Mr. Dougherty was the Director of Product Management and Marketing at Lucent Technologies Microelectronics in the Optoelectronics Strategic Business Unit. Mr. Dougherty received a B.Sc. in Optics in 1983 from the University of Rochester.
Tom Fallon has served as our since January 2010 and a member of our Board of Directors since July 2009. Mr. Fallon also served as our President from January 2010 to June 2013, and as our Chief Operating Officer from October 2006 to December 2009. From April 2004 to September 2006, Mr. Fallon served as our Vice President of Engineering and Operations. From August 2003 to March 2004, Mr. Fallon was Vice President, Corporate Quality and Development Operations at Cisco. From March 1991 to August 2003, Mr. Fallon served in a variety of functions at Cisco, including General Manager of the Optical Transport Business Unit and Vice President of Service Provider Manufacturing. Prior to joining Cisco, Mr. Fallon also served in various manufacturing roles at Sun Microsystems and Hewlett Packard. Mr. Fallon currently serves on the boards of directors of Hercules Capital, Inc., a specialty finance company, and the Engineering Advisory Board of the Cockrell School at the University of Texas. Mr. Fallon holds and degrees from the University of Texas at Austin.
Marcel Gani has been a member of our Board of Directors since June 2014. Mr. Gani has been an independent consultant since 2009. His previous experience includes Lecturer in Accounting and Finance at the Leavey School of Business at Santa Clara University, and multiple roles at Juniper Networks, Inc., including Chief of Staff from January 2005 to March 2006 and Executive Vice President and from February 1997 to December 2004. Prior to Juniper, Mr. Gani served as Vice President and of from February 1996 to February 1997. Mr. Gani also served as of Grand Junction Networks, Primary Access and NeComputer, Inc. Mr. Gani currently serves on the board of directors of SolarEdge Technologies, Inc., a power optimizer solutions company. Mr. Gani holds a in Applied Mathematics from Ecole Polytechnique Federal, Lausanne Switzerland, and an from the University of Michigan.
Paul Milbury has been a member of our Board of Directors since July 2010. Mr. Milbury served as Vice President of Operations and of Starent Networks Corp., a provider of mobile network solutions, from January 2007 until its acquisition by Cisco in 2009. From December 2009 to July 2010, he played a key role in integrating Starent Networks into Cisco to create the Mobile Internet Technology Group. From December 2000 to March 2007, Mr. Milbury served as Vice President and of Avid Technology, Inc., a digital media creation, management, and distribution solutions company. Mr. Milbury also serves on the board of directors of Gigamon, Inc., a provider of network traffic visibility solutions, enabling stronger security and superior performance. He also serves on several private company boards. Mr. Milbury holds a in Business and Economics and an from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
Raj Patel has been a member of our Board of Directors since September 2015. Mr. Patel brings more than 20 years of experience in scaling cloud infrastructure and applications for consumer Internet, Saaand other service providers globally. Since April 2016, Mr. Patel has served as the Vice President, Cloud Platform Engineering at Symantec Corporation. From March 2014 to April 2016, Mr. Patel served as the Head of Cloud Engineering at Pinterest. Prior to Pinterest, Mr. Patel served as Senior Vice President for Technical Operations at Salesforce.com from July 2013 to December 2013. Mr. Patel was Vice President for Cloud Services Engineering at Cisco from April 2010 to July 2013 for the Webex collaboration portfolio, and held various engineering and management roles at Yahoo! Inc. from 2004 to early 2010. Prior to joining Yahoo!, Mr. Patel worked at Exodus Communications, which was shortly thereafter acquired by Cable and Wireless. While at Cable and Wireless, Mr. Patel served as Vice President of Network Services and facilitated the integration of Exodus technology assets into Cable and Wireless. Mr. Patel began his career at Pacific Bell, which is now AT&T, and over a 10-year span was last the of the Advanced Technologies Group. Mr. Patel holds an from the University of Southern California’s Marshall School of Business and a in Electrical Engineering from California State University at Northridge.
Mark Wegleitner has been a member of our Board of Directors since May 2011. From September 2007 until his retirement in July 2010, Mr. Wegleitner served as the Senior Vice President, Technology, for Verizon Communications Inc., a telecommunications company, where his responsibilities included technology assessment, network architecture, platform development and laboratory testing for wireline and wireless communications networks. From July 2000 to September 2007, he served as Chief Technology Officer for Verizon, with responsibility for wireline communications technologies. Prior to the creation of Verizon, Mr. Wegleitner held various positions in the Network Services division of Bell Atlantic, a telecommunications company, including Chief Technology Officer from January 1999 to July 2000. Prior to joining Bell Atlantic, he worked at Bell Laboratories and AT&General Departments. Mr. Wegleitner holds a in Mathematics from St. John's University and an in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of California at Berkeley.
Founder and Chief Innovation Officer
David Welch, Ph.D., is Founder and Chief Innovation Officer at Infinera, a role he has held since October 2018. In this role, he drives deep business and technology innovation through forward-looking strategies, including breakthrough technologies and technology partnerships, in addition to innovative business and market directions. Dr. Welch is currently a member of Infinera’s Board of Directors, where he has served the company since 2010.
Dr. Welch’s past roles at include Chief Strategy and Technology Officer from 2017 to 2018, President from 2013 to 2017, Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer from 2004 to 2013 and Chief Technology Officer (CTO) from 2001 to 2004. Prior to co-founding Infinera, he served as CTO, Transmission Division at Uniphase, and in various executive roles, including and Vice President of Corporate Development, at Spectra Diode Labs (SDL).
Dr. Welch currently serves on the Board of Directors of Rezolute, a biopharmaceutical company. He holds over 130 patents, and has been awarded the Optical Society of America’s (OSA) Adolph Lomb Medal, Joseph Fraunhofer Award and John Tyndall Award, as well as the Institute of Engineering Technology’s Thompson Medal for Electronics. He is a Fellow of and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and is a member of the National Academy of Engineering.
Dr. Welch holds a in Electrical Engineering from the University of Delaware and a Ph.in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University.
Photonic Integrated Circuit (PIC)
is committed to ensuring that there are well-defined and implemented ethical principles in both our company and the entire value chain.
is committed to sustainable development through the use of our products.
is committed to minimizing the environmental impact of our business operations.
is committed to providing working environments and facilities that are well-positioned for sustainable growth and contribute to a more sustainable community.
Read more about Infinera’s sustainability practices and our sustainability strategy.
Read more about our sustainability progress and goals in the Sustainability Report 2017.
We aim to create a that strategically considers all choices in light of our role in the global community. As an established player in transport networking, we recognize that we have some level of influence in the communities where we operate and in the marketplace. We view this influence as a privilege that inspires us to lead with bold and intentional socially responsible practices. Whenever possible, our hope is to use that influence to drive answerable choices, new best practices and a sense of obligation to the world around us.
Each year we summarize our sustainability program and activities in a report, the Sustainability Report. Our sustainability work is divided into four focus areas:
Transparency in Optics: Environmental Health and Safety Management System
The Chemistry Between Us and Our Products: Safe Delivery and Use at Related PDFs
18001: Occupational Health and Safety Management System
TL9000: Quality Management System
uses cookies to help give you the best experience on our site. By continuing, you consent to the use of these cookies. To learn more, view our 
