Fast Screening for Next-Gen Memory Chips: Look at Intermolecular, a Silicon Valley Fab Company
Board of Directors Authorizes $10 Million Share Repurchase Program
Trusted Partner In Advanced Materials Innovation
Intermolecular® is the trusted partner for advanced materials innovation. Advanced materials are at the core of innovation in the 21
 century for a wide range of industries, including semiconductors, consumer electronics, automotive, and aerospace. With its substantial materials expertise, accelerated learning and experimentation platform, and information and analytics infrastructure, has a ten-year track record helping leading companies accelerate and de-risk materials innovation.
Good decisions require good data, and that’s where gives its partners a powerful competitive advantage – by using its proprietary high throughput experimentation platform to generate high quality and extensive experimental data in less time.
Intermolecular’s solutions and services create value for its customers by enabling them to rapidly discover and create new options for mission-critical materials decisions.
Board of Directors Authorizes $10 Million Share Repurchase Program
Defines Process for Efficient Composition Tuning of 3Crosspoint Selectors
and Expand Strategic Alliance to Accelerate Development of Advanced Memory Technologies for the China Market
and Form Strategic Alliance to Accelerate Materials Innovation – “More than Moore”
Accelerate Materials Innovation with Intermolecular’s High-Throughput Experimentation
Fast Screening for Next-Gen Memory Chips: Look at Intermolecular, a Silicon Valley Fab Company
Board of Directors Authorizes $10 Million Share Repurchase Program
Defines Process for Efficient Composition Tuning of 3Crosspoint Selectors
To Report First Quarter 2018 Financial Results on Tuesday, May 8, 2018
and Expand Strategic Alliance to Accelerate Development of Advanced Memory Technologies for the China Market
and Form Strategic Alliance to Accelerate Materials Innovation – “More than Moore”
To Report Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results on November 2, 2017
To Report Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Financial Results on August 8, 2017
To Report First Quarter Fiscal  2017 Financial Results on May 4, 2017
Join at the China Semiconductor Technology International Conference (CSTIC) 2017 and China
Appoints Chris Kramer President and CEO
to present Results at 2016 from its High-Throughput Experimentation Platform and State-of-the-Art Technology
To Report First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results on May 5, 2016
Customer LoginOur people are our greatest asset. Courage, trust, innovation, and openness drive our culture. At IMI, we strive to be a trusted partner for both our customers and our employees. Our culture is the expression of who we are, what we stand for, and how we are of service to others.
We believe that attracting, developing, and retaining employees who reflect our values is essential to our success. Our employees are not only intelligent and insightful, the “best of the best”, but are disciplined, open, flexible, and customer focused. The environment creates unique opportunities for our employees to do their best work, while contributing to advanced materials innovation.Toggle navigation 
Get In Touch With Us
Customer LoginIntermolecular’s team has a wide range of interdisciplinary technical, operational, business and management experience. This expertise is complemented by a world-class Board of Directors with a valuable diversity of technology and business executive management experience. Our distinguished Scientific Advisors also share our commitment to redefining Materials discovery and understanding for the semiconductor industry and many other high-tech sectors.
Mr. Chris Kramer is President and Chief Executive Officer of Intermolecular, Inc. – the trusted partner for materials innovation. Chris has more than 25 years of experience as a senior technology executive in the semiconductor and materials industry worldwide. He most recently was Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer at Entegris where he was responsible for business development aimed at upgrading the company’s sales and marketing capabilities, yielding improved customer relationships. Chris joined Entegris in 2014 after the acquisition of In 2010, Chris was Senior Vice President of Materials Solutions at ATMI, where he was responsible for the company’s ion implant business operations and its gas and liquid storage and delivery systems. He was promoted to manage ATMI’s microelectronics materials business as its General Manager. Prior to ATMI, Chris was Vice President, Global Strategic Account Management, for Tokyo Electron America (TEL), where he was responsible for developing and maximizing strategic business and technology relationships with and their alliance partners.
Chris holds a degree from the Naval Academy and served in the Navy as Surface Warfare Officer for seven years after receiving his degree and commission.
Dr. Karl Littau is Chief Technology Officer of Intermolecular, Inc. – the trusted partner for materials innovation. He is responsible for IMI’s technology strategy and direction and core technology and applications development. Dr. Karl Littau is a Physical Chemist and with expertise in thin film deposition, ALD, CVD, surface and gas phase chemistry, and solid state physics.  He has previously held positions at AT&Bell Laboratories, Applied Materials, Inc., Xerox’s Palo Alto Research Center and Stanford University. He holds a in Chemistry from Berkeley and a Ph.in Physical Chemistry from Stanford University.
Mr. Bill Roeschlein is Chief Financial Officer of Intermolecular, Inc. – the trusted partner for materials innovation. He has extensive experience as a finance executive and is responsible for IMI’s finance, HR, and facilities organizations. Prior to joining IMI, he was at Aurora Algae, Power Integrations (POWI) and Determine Software, Inc. (DTRM). He also held senior financial management positions at Ultra Clean Technology and Asyst Technologies.
Bill holds an from Cornell University and a from He is also a Certified Public Accountant.
Mr. Milind Weling is Senior Vice President of Programs and Operations of Intermolecular, Inc. – the trusted partner for materials innovation. He is responsible for IMI’s high throughput experimentation technology and manages the technical execution of customer programs for the discovery of advanced materials and leading edge device optimization. Milind is a senior engineering and management professional with extensive experience in advanced memory and logic semiconductor technology development, and design-process interactions, new product introduction, and foundry management. His previous senior management roles include products engineering at Cadence Design Systems and high performance technology development at Sun Microsystems, Philips Semiconductors and Technology.
Milind holds a Tech degree in Electrical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay, and a degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Hawaii. He holds 50+ patents and has co-authored over 70 technical papers, primarily focused on process technology, reliability and integration.
Mr. Joe Montano is Vice President of Customer Enablement of Intermolecular, Inc. – the trusted partner for materials innovation.  He is responsible for all commercial activities with a primary objective of building a strong sales pipeline and deepening customers engagement. Joe has an extensive commercial and technical experience in the technology industry worldwide. He has consistently demonstrated his ability to manage complex customer relationships and has successfully grew sales for companies serving the semiconductor industry. Prior to joining IMI, Joe held various sales and marketing positions at MacDermid Enthone, Hitech, Xtalic Corporation, Dow Chemical, Rohm and Haas Electronic Materials.
Joe holds a degree in Chemical Engineering from Northeastern University.