Rapid testing system
INT’s Palladium™ device is a portable laboratory, allowing on-demand testing with >95% sensitivity in any environment*. Our first test system improves food safety with Listeria environmental testing in about an hour.
Cut the Wait
Remember mailing back Netflix DVDs? Those days have changed. Move your testing to on-demand, with answers in about an hour, not days.
Wi-fi enabled cloud-based data collection allows you to detect and address food safety issues, facility to facility, shift to shift.
Protect Your Brand
Listeria results in $2.7in economic loss in the each year, with untold damage to company brands. Reduce risk with more frequent testing and faster results.
Palladium™ testing combines multiple, expensive lab processes into a single, portable system. Genetic methods have proven highly accurate and reliable compared to traditional phenotypic methods.
Loss due to listeria incidences in the per year
is committed to providing fast, accurate molacular diagnotics testing results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, has developed a number of creative solutions for diagnostics and sample processing. These solutions include a working electronic sensor, a universal sample preparation system, and a novel rotary valve disposable cartridge for automated processing of complex biological samples.
is committed to providing fast, accurate test results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, has developed a robust platform, Palladium™, for diagnostics and sample processing, replacing traditionally time-sensitive and complex lab processes.
ApplicationsIDENTIFICATION
is committed to providing fast, accurate test results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, has developed a robust platform for diagnostics and sample processing, replacing traditionally time-intensive and complex lab processes.
INT’s innovative Palladium™ system for rapid, on-site diagnostics is currently in the pilot testing phase. Palladium and its tests were developed in keeping with standards, and will be seeking approval in 2018.
Palladium launches with a proven track record of successful data collection for multiple applications, user profiles, and environmental conditions. With input, collaboration and support from numerous governmental agencies, global foundations, and market-leading organizations, ensures a robust, high performance system that meets emerging needs.
INT’s Palladium is a portable, versatile and user-friendly testing system with applications in:
Food safety*: Environmental listeria testing will be available in 2018. Following next will be additional environmental tests and food sample tests  including listeria and salmonella. 
Medical diagnostics*: The ability to screen for multiple diseases simultaneously, for example, a fever panel that can rule out 98% of causes of fever within the hour, radically improving diagnostics and treatment. Early identification of an occurrence of exotic diseases will allow for rapid containment and could prevent catastrophic losses in the event of an outbreak.
Animal health*: The ability to rapidly and cost-effectively screen for infectious animals can significantly improve feedlot productivity, for example.
See the full list of our board of directors:
Stay in the know on technology!
is committed to providing fast, accurate test results that improve biological identification in the field and in operating facilities such as food processing plants. Founded in 2000 by an interdisciplinary team of scientists and engineers, has developed a robust platform, Palladium™, for diagnostics and sample processing, replacing traditionally time-sensitive and complex lab processes.
