Hybridization and wash kit
rhAmp Genotyping Design Tool
Scientists vote best-in-class for customer experience
Advanced technology to minimize off-target effects
 Alt-HiFi Cas9 nuclease
Minimizing oligonucleotide cross talk through the most advanced manufacturing
Save time and resources with industry-leading oligos manufactured to your specifications to accommodate all your diverse research needs.
Reliably create genomic constructs with sequence-verified gBlocks fragments or simply order cloned products for convenience.
High quality genomics reagents to complete experimental workflows.
Achieve higher efficiency genome editing and avoid toxicity or innate immune responses with Alt-products.
Experience greater sensitivity and better confidence in your data with PrimeTime and rhAmp products.
Products manufactured to your specifications through personalized interactions with dedicated account advocates.
Consistently achieve greater sensitivity, higher throughput, and better uniformity with xGen products.
Achieve increased potency and better specificity in loss-of-function studies using short oligos.
Customized services to enhance the purity, QC, formulation, or other specifications of select standard product offerings.
Application reviews, lab tips, and citation summaries to facilitate your research
Protocols for genome editing in your model system
Looking for genome editing protocols? Read about our growing library of protocols and user methods—we may have what you need to get started. And, if you have a novel protocol for using Alt-and/or nucleases, find out how to share it with the research community.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter to get the latest techniques, tips and educational content. 
 Hybridization and Wash Kit
Quick, easy, reproducible target capture workflow
Reagents and kits
Hybridization and wash kit
rhAmp Genotyping Design Tool
 are available via phone and email at the numbers and addresses listed below. Use the 
We service customers through direct sales and a network of distributors. Our staff includes experts in molecular biology, oligonucleotide design, sequencing, mutagenesis, PCR, and related research applications. We are available for consultation before or after an order is placed.
Center of Excellence for Research & Development
Reagents and kits
Hybridization and wash kit
rhAmp Genotyping Design Tool
Technologies, Inc. is committed to minimizing the environmental impacts of its manufacturing and research operations and its products and services, and to continuously improving its environmental management programs.
Prevent and reduce pollution to air, land, and water through programs that reduce environmental impacts and conserve natural resources.
Identify, understand and commit to comply with applicable  legal and other requirements to which subscribes.
Review environmental objectives and targets and set guidelines for reduction of environmental impacts.
Evaluate the effectiveness of and continually improve our by:
Reviewing and understanding current environmental legislation
Implementing an effective that addresses applicable customer and regulatory concerns
Identifying the environmental impacts associated with company activities
Setting targets and objectives to reduce or eliminate adverse impacts on the environment (e.g., source reduction and waste minimization practices).
 page for more information on the steps is taking to reduce environmental impact.
Reagents and kits
