Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
and lower cost per watt
the day – at night
For more than 20 years, Corporation has continuously built on our extensive knowledge of thin film, vacuum processing technologies and sensor design to develop products that align with our customers’ needs.
Our advanced applications and engineering solutions meet the ever-evolving performance and cost requirements for customers in the technology and vacuum coating industries, and we continue to deliver the increasingly 
 and sensor technologies makes uniquely positioned to serve the needs of these diverse industries.
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
Delivering Innovative Thin Film Technology For Over Two Decades
provides production-proven solutions for the application and engineering of 
thin films for the technology and vacuum coating industries
 for the defense industry.
Since our founding in 1991, we have been developing thin film solutions using our high productivity processing systems.
We are headquartered in Santa Clara, California and have offices and manufacturing facilities in California and throughout Asia.
has two business units: Equipment and Photonics.
designs and manufactures innovative, high productivity, thin film processing systems. Our production-proven platforms are designed for high volume manufacturing of substrates with precise thin film properties.
Today, we are the world’s leading supplier of magnetic media processing systems, having shipped more than 220 manufacturing systems to our customers. More than 60% of the world’s magnetic media is produced on systems.
Our technology solutions improve performance and throughput, and continue to expand into additional markets – including solar and adjacent thin film deposition applications.
Photonics is a technology leader in the development and manufacture of compact, cost-effective, high-sensitivity digital-optical sensors, cameras and systems for the defense industry, based on our proprietary Electron Bombarded Active Pixel Sensor (EBAPS®) with its advanced thin film technology.
Designed for the capture and display of low-light images, applications for our industry-leading systems include digital night vision and long range target identification. We are the sole source provider of integrated digital imaging systems for most military night vision programs.
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
If you’re looking for a great place to work where you’ll find ongoing challenges and growth opportunities, is the place for you. Our strong, experienced team has made a market and technology leader and our value-oriented philosophy has enabled us to consistently grow our business. We continue to bring new and innovative products to market to meet customer demand. We thrive on progress, and foster teamwork and diversity. Come share our success — it’s an exciting time to be a part of Intevac.
is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
For Photonics inquiries, please call (408) 987-2525 for expedited service. Photonics inquiries will be addressed on a priority basis.
For other inquiries, please visit our 
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
Photonics Inc. Purchase Order Terms and Conditions for Commercial Suppliers
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
offers U.S.-based* employees a generous range of benefits including health, dental, and vision coverage, cash profit sharing, life insurance plans, a flexible spending account, stock purchase plan, educational reimbursement and many other employment perks.
Employees can choose either a plan or one of two plans. The plans require participants to receive all health care from medical providers who participate in their plan. There are no deductibles, and physician office visits, prescriptions, x-rays, lab tests, and other medical services are available for a small co- payment or no charge. The plan provides a choice of doctors with no referrals from primary doctors. Deductibles and Coinsurance Limits apply.
provides Vision Care for you and your family. Benefit includes exams, lenses, frames, and contact lenses.
The Employee Profit Sharing Plan provides eligible employees with the opportunity to receive an annual cash bonus based upon profitability of the company in any fiscal year. Payment is made in February to eligible active employees. New employees receive a prorated bonus their first year of employment.
provides ten paid holidays each year. Employees also accrue Personal Time Off (PTO) at an initial rate of 18 days per year. time is used for vacation, personal business, illness, family emergencies, etc.
All regular full-time employees are eligible for educational reimbursement of 100% of covered expenses, to an annual maximum of $5,000. Courses must be job related from an accredited school and approved by management.
Basic life and AD&(Accidental Death and Dismemberment) insurance protects the employee and family or beneficiary from loss of income in the event of death or dismemberment. provides the employee with life insurance coverage equal to one times their annual base salary.
This supplemental plan provides coverage up to five (5) times the employee’s annual salary or $500,000 whichever is the lessor for Supplemental/AD&life insurance. Cost of supplemental insurance is paid by the employee and varies depending upon age and rate. Employees also have the opportunity to elect Spouse Life and Child Life Insurance coverage.
provides long-term disability coverage, which becomes effective on the 91st consecutive day after disability commences.
Eligible employees are insured for two times their basic annual earnings.
Employees have the option to select a gym of their choice and will reimburse up to $300.00 per year of the employee’s annual membership.
Ann Clark Associates (ACI) is a free confidential counseling and referral service. Employee Assistance Program is available to all employees and their families.
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
We are a company committed to world class performance by creating benefits and opportunity for our stockholders, customers, employees and the global communities in which we operate. We strive to meet our commitments and create value by delivering products and services which provide our customers with differentiated performance and competitive advantage.
Integrating our “Top 10” management principles into their daily work is second nature to employees. Our shareholders, customers, partners and colleagues benefit from their dedication to these principles:
Sustain open, direct and ongoing communications
Make safety the #1 priority
Have fun along the way
We view our customers as partners and value ongoing collaboration throughout the entire relationship. We believe that honest and open communication with each customer is vital to our ability to understand and fulfill their requirements to ensure a positive outcome. Skip to primary navigation
Heat Assisted Magnetic Recording (HAMR)
Turn at the first light (Thomas Road)
Go to Norman and turn (second left off of Thomas)
Turn at the first light (Thomas Road)
Go to Norman and turn (second left off of Thomas)
Take Highway 287 to Lafayette. Take Lafayette to Norman Street (at stop light) and turn right.
2nd building on the RIGHT.
