Today's business demands access to proven property (IP) to protect its R&and product development costs.
helps your company gain access to various proven assets to enable your company to focus on innovative product development and maintain high level of productivity.
Our Mission & Operating Principles
An operating company in a highly competitive market place invariably faces a multitude of IP-related threats that can create unpredictable financial risks and even jeopardize the livelihood of the company.  And, developing an effective strategy to gain access to potentially risky portfolios - whether through acquisition or licensing - is a key to success in today's competitive business environment.
Our mission is simple -- i.e., to facilitate access to fundamental, proven technologies at a fraction of the cost that a company is otherwise required to expend to develop them on its own. With this mission in mind, our team of technical and experts, who has accumulated extensive experience and know-how in the global arena, strives to identify, develop, and aggregate portfolios that are critical and indispensable to a number of companies and to offer licensing at fair and reasonable terms or even acquisition opportunities.  We thus spread the risks and costs across our extensive network of companies.
We make sure to keep our eye on changes in and law, as that is what keeps us current and your company competitive.
Having access to existing core technologies directly translates into reduction in wasteful disputes and efficient use of R&resources and would provide a springboard for leaping into future innovation.
Our highly-capable team of experts continues to identify, develop, and aggregate portfolios that are critical and indispensable to companies and offers them fair and reasonable licensing or acquisition opportunities, thereby spreading risks and costs across our extensive network of companies.  
You know what direction you want your company to go. It is our job to help ensure you have the capability to get there. Let us know what your needs are and we'll provide the solutions.
Established in 2013, strives to help a wide variety of companies to gain easy access to core technologies that are essential to drive future innovation.  
