Joint Venture has Shipped Its First Cargo of Hard Coking Coal
in Cold-press-forming Vehicle Body-frame Parts
 Corporation. All Rights Reserved.Contributing to Society with The timeless mission of is to contribute to society with the world’s most innovative technology for unique and highly functional products. has long been a key, basic material for human civilization and will surely remain indispensable far into the future. As a steelmaker, we recognize our responsibility to address pressing needs in modern society, including safety and environmental protection, by developing world-leading technologies and products.
Many countries are using great amounts of to support their growing economies and national development. To supply global customers on a timely basis, we are expanding Steel’s production bases and sales networks both in Japan and overseas. We aim to build on our long-term, mutually beneficial relationships with customers by reliably supplying them with products backed with advanced technologies and tailore services.
is hardly a stagnant old-economy company. Indeed, we highly value the vibrant contributions our younger workers make as they inhert the extensive knowledge and skills of their predecessors. The source of our technological strength has always been the talent of our people, so our seamless, ongoing development of innovative, high-quality depends vitally on nurturing younger employees with the skills they will need to take us into the future.
As we strive toward a new era, we pledge to build ever-stronger relationships with our customers, host communities and other valued stakeholders.
We use cookies to improve our website and make it easier to use.
Sheets, plates, shapes, pipes and tubes, stainless and specialty steels, electrical steels, bars and wire rods, and iron powders
About is a steelmaker engaged in the total steel-making process, taking iron ore raw material and turning it into final products. Boasting one of the world's greatest capacities for production, satisfies customers by producing under a corporate philosophy of "contributing to society with the world's most innovative technology." The company also contributes to environmental protection by developing reduced-impact ironmaking processes and high-performance materials.
Iron is a fundamental material that supports industry and everyday life.
Iron is a wonderfully hard and strong material that can be processed flexibly for use in diverse applications, which is why it has been present in human civilization for millennia.
In the industrial revolution, iron played a vital role in key fields such as railroads, ships, construction and manufacturing. Steam engines and other power devices made with iron drove the development of modern civilization. In the 20th century, the widespread popularization of automobiles and consumer appliances would not have been possible without iron. Moreover, iron is highly recyclable and can be reused in any form over and over.
Currently accounting for approximately 90% of all metal products, iron underpins virtually every industry and--either directly or indirectly--is part of almost all aspects of our everyday lives.
Iron's association with ancient civilization can obscure the fact that it has evolved into an advanced material produced with cutting-edge technologies. Nonstop research and development and continuously improving production technologies are creating highly advanced products in response to industry's insatiable demand for ever-stronger and more processable materials. Continued technological innovation is expected to discover still-hidden potential within to meet increasingly stringent performance and environmental demands.
Going forward, iron's perpetual evolution will play a role in shaping our future.
Steel's production bases in Japan comprise large coastal ironworks in the eastern and western parts of the country, plus the Chita Works specializing in pipes and the Sendai Works for rods and wire materials. Every facility is equipped with cutting-edge technical capabilities for the exceptionally efficient production of high-quality products.
The West Japan Works is one of the world's most advanced mills and one of the largest, covering a cumulative area measuring 25,100 hectares. Its production system boasts continuous, synchronized processes for ironmaking, steelmaking and rolling, and the flexibility and efficiency to meet the needs of even the most demanding customers. As the core steelworks for Steel, the West Japan Works will continue to serve as a leading edge of the global industry.
The East Japan Works is an urban-style mill that combines the Keihin Works, Japan's first private steelwork, located in the Tokyo-Yokohama (Keihin) area, and the Chiba Works, the first integrated production facility established inn Japan after World War The East Japan Works has continued to expand its size and upgrade its layout to meet increasingly sophisticated and diverse demands. Today, it boasts advanced steelmaking technologies and facilities as well as renowned systems for environmental protection. The East Japan Works stringently conserves resources and energy, and is a leader in the recycling of waste plastics for blast furnace feed. Together with Steel's Nishinomiya stainless manufacturing plant, the East Japan Works is a top example of how urban mills can coexist in harmony with the environment and their host communities.
The Chita Works specializes in the production of pipes and tubes, boasting the largest selection of pipes produced by any single plant in the world. Its unchanging mission is to develop pipes with the world's most advanced and innovative technologies.
The Sendai Works specializes in manufacturing bars and wire rods. Its integrated production system encompasses strip mills and a reduced-impact eco-arc electric furnace that melts scrap for production as new steel. Rational production-management measures ensure thorough control of all processes for the production of bars and wire rods of exceptional quality.
The East Japan Works, West Japan Works, Chita Works and Sendai Works each has its own research laboratory for the development of world-class technologies.
proudly operates among the world's most advanced laboratories for research. researchers innovate manufacturing technologies and products that expand the possibilities of steel-based materials. Technologies and know-how that originate in these facilities are further applied towards chemistry and broader research and development related to iron and the environment.
has leveraged it advanced technical capabilities to develop a diverse lineup of high-quality products that meet highly demanding needs.
produces a range of sheets by hot rolling slabs, cold rolling hot-rolled sheets, galvanizing sheets, tin plating sheets, and other processes. The company's high-quality sheets are used in automobiles, electrical products, construction, office equipment, containers and many other fields.
offers an abundant lineup of plates, including some that are the world's largest of their type. Unique, high-performance plates are manufacured with powerful rolling machines and on-line facilities for accelerated cooling. plates from are highly trusted matericals for diverse applications, including shipbuilding, construction, bridge building, boilers and pressure containers, industrial machinery and more.
Shapes and spiral pipes from are used in construction, civil engineering and shipbuilding, and the company additionally provides customers with design and construction know-how. They include H-beams, sheet piles, angled steel, grooved steel, I-beams and rails, and along with rods, they have enjoyed strong demand for many years.
not only makes pipes for converntional fields, such as structures and civil engineering, it also produces high-performance oil well pipes, line pipes and boiler tubes capable of withstanding the harsh conditions of energy production. Going forward, is committed to meeting demanding gobal needs as a leading producer of pipes.
Electrical Electric sheets perform a key role by converting electricity into magnetic forces to generate power. The demand for high-performance electrical equipment capable of low power consumption has been increasing to help reduce CO2 emissions. One of the world's few manufacturers with a full lineup of electric sheets, is noted for combining high quality and environmental sensitivity.
Stainless In the category of stainless steel, which is used widely in industry due to its excellent corrosion resistance, meets complex needs with a comprehensive lineup of thin to thick stainless sheets. These include the world's only chromium (ferrite or martensite based) thin stainless sheets. Additionally, has earned global acclaim for its stainless manufacturing technology.
produces bars, wire rods and welding materials at Kurashiki in west Japan and at Sendai in east Japan, allowing customers to select blast furnace materials and electric arc materials best suited to their specific needs. The lineup covers a full complement of high-quality products for automobiles, machinery, bearings and other applications.
Steel's highly respected iron powder products are used in a broad scope of applications, including in powder metallurgy primarily for automobiles, as well as for hand warmers, welding rods, gas cutting, deoxidizers and chemical reactions.
Titanium is a lightweight, high-specific-strength material that is extra corrosion resistant, making it ideal for use in the chemical industry. Titanium does not change over time and is recyclable, so it also is a non-polluting ecofriendly metal. Thick titanium sheets from can be found in fields such as aerospace, chemistry, seawater desalination and oceanic development.
makes slag products by processing slag, a byproduct of manufacturing, for use in diverse applications. Slag products are also valued as recycled materials that reduce environmental burdens by helping to conserve resources and save energy.
Steel's medium- to long-term vision is to be a global supplier that constantly creates new value to grow together with its customers. To achieve this vision, one of the key strategies is to aggressively expand the company's business scale, including by statisfying growing demands in emerging nations. So far, the Japanese industry has focused largely on exporting products from Japan. However, to compete leading manufacturers, has determined that it must upgrade its global service and support offerings. Accordingly, the company is now establishing a more global network by expanding production and logistics operations directly in markets overseas.
All Group personnel are required to faithfully adhere to the following Standards of Conduct in all corporate activities. These standards embody the Group's Corporate Vision and go hand-in-hand with its Corporate Values.
Senior managers are responsible for communicating these standards to employees of Group companies and their supply chain partners, and in creating effective systems and mechanisms to ensure adherence to ethical standards.
Senior managers are also responsible for measures to prevent the recurrence of any violation of these standards. Additionally, they must report violations promptly and accurately to internal and external stakeholders, determine the persons of relevant authority and accountability, and resolve matters rigorously.
1. Provide quality products and services
Earn the trust and acclaim of customers by endeavoring to provide safe, high-quality products and services based on superior technologies, and by fully respecting and protecting the privacy of personal and customer information. Also, leverage our superior technologies for the sustainable growth of our Group and society.
Disclose corporate information actively and engage in constructive dialogues with diverse stakeholders to enhance our corporate value.
Actively contribute to host communities as a good corporate citizen by emphasizing harmony and cooperation.
Endeavor to achieve understanding with people around the world, working from a global perspective and with respect to international norms, and also local cultures and customs.
Actively work to exist harmoniously with the global environment, as well as to raise living standards and advance societies.
6. Maintain proper relations with governments and political authorities
Endeavor to build and maintain sound and proper relationships with governments and political authorities.
Firmly resist all elements and organizations that threaten social order and stability, and refuse all illegal or improper demands. Also, contribute to order and safety in society by thoroughly and methodically preparing for crises such as terrorism, cyberattacks, natural disasters and others, including by ensuring the stable availability of products and services.
Respect all employees and members of the general public as individuals and refrain from any discrimination in corporate activities.
Provide employees with attractive, safe, healthy and challenging work environments.
10. Comply with laws and ordinances
Comply with all applicable laws and ordinances, endeavor to compete fairly and freely, refrain from illegal business activities, promote sound business practices, and be faithful and sincere in all activities and dealings.
We use cookies to improve our website and make it easier to use.
15th Floor, The Broadgate Tower, 20 Primrose Street, London EC22EW, U.K.
We use cookies to improve our website and make it easier to use.
