We're Our vision is for a world that's cleaner and healthier; today and for future generations.
Enhancing the wellbeing of our people
We've introduced three new global arrangements to improve the work-life balance of all our employees around the world.
As a global leader in sustainable technologies, we apply our cutting-edge science to create solutions with our customers that make a real difference to the world around us.
Find out more about what we do
Our vision is for a world that's cleaner and healthier, today and for future generations.
As a global leader in sustainable technologies, we apply our cutting-edge science to create solutions with our customers that make a real difference to the world around us.
We’ve been leaders in our field for more than 200 years, applying unrivalled scientific expertise to enable cleaner air, improved health and the more efficient use of our planet's natural resources.
And our story doesn’t end there. Through continued investment in sound research and development, we’re tackling the world’s big challenges into our third century and beyond.
Our catalysts stop around 20 million tonnes of pollutants in their tracks every year. In the automotive market, one in every three new cars carries an emission control catalyst from Toxic carbon monoxide and unburned hydrocarbons go in to the catalyst, clean air comes out. And because we understand, at the atomic scale, the distribution of platinum, palladium and rhodium in our catalysts, we're able to minimise the amounts of precious metal required to do the job. 
Our chemistry helps relieve symptoms in millions of people each year. Active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) are the constituents of pills and other medications that do all the work, whether it's attacking cancer cells, regulating a heart beat or combating severe pain. And making them effectively always starts in the lab. develops processes for many important, life changing drugs. We employ highly complex chemistry to prepare molecules to very specific standards, then design advanced manufacturing methods to produce them at the scale that our pharmaceutical customers need.
Platinum group metals (pgms), are a valuable natural resource, and their applications are numerous. You'll find them in autocatalysts, jewellery, electronics and even people's mouths, as fillings. The more pgms we can reuse, the less we need to take from the earth. So we've developed highly advanced processes for extracting and separating pgms from products - so advanced that we can recycle platinum and palladium, for example, to a purity of 99.999%.
Electrics vehicles are on their way, and we're developing advanced new materials for battery cells in hybrid and full electric cars. Cathodes are the key. We're engaged in the cutting-edge science needed to understand how different cathode materials can reduce the time a battery takes to charge, and extend the distance full charged electric vehicle can travel.
list of our main sites and offices around the world.
We have five core values that guide how we do things in JM.
Access to our Code of Ethics, registered office details and more.
Our five core values provide the framework against which we engage with each other, with our customers and with our stakeholders. They guide how we do things in and shape the right culture to achieve our strategy.
Protecting people and the planet 
We practise the highest standards of health and safety, promote wellbeing for people both inside and outside of work, and seek to safeguard our planet.
We do the right thing, for people and for the world.  We do what we say we’ll do, expect the same of each other and speak up when there’s a problem. We place importance on relationships internally and externally, treating others with respect and care.
We encourage collaboration inside and out, sharing and embracing diverse viewpoints. We tackle problems together, put our ideas into practice and take pride in combining our contributions to create something better for and our customers.
We adapt and embrace new ideas to make us stronger and our world cleaner and healthier.  We are confident and resilient through change; growing and developing ourselves and JM, to ensure we are a leader in our chosen markets.
We take accountability for our own work, and know we are also part of something bigger. We take the initiative, seek clarity and demand high standards from ourselves and our colleagues.
Find out more about our 200-year journey
We use world-class science to solve our customers' complex problems.
sales contribute to Sustainable Development Goals
Our planet is a multifaceted and fast-changing place. With a growing and ageing population and a clear shift towards urban living, governments and consumers are increasingly concerned about air quality and people's health. And with supplies of natural resources under ever-increasing pressure, their sustainable use has never been higher on the agenda.
Against this backdrop, organisations want to know how they can improve the efficiency, effectiveness and sustainable impact of their products and services, while also delivering the best business results. That's where we come in.
With our world-class science and technology, we're tackling the world's big challenges one product at a time. Using what we know about chemistry and materials, we work collaboratively with our customers to develop tailored solutions to get the best possible outcomes for them. We also bring our manufacturing skills to navigate the challenges of scaling up from lab into commercial production. And because we know the pace of change never stops, we apply our science expertise to the next generation of products and services, preparing our customers for the challenges of tomorrow.
Find out more about what we do
2017 marked the 200th anniversary of Matthey. Back in 1817 we opened our doors as assayers, testing the purity of precious metals, and the business quickly expanded thanks to the vision and determination of our founders.
Today, our science and research touches some of the most pressing challenges faced by our planet and its people. 
Our technologies are making the planet a cleaner, healthier place and improving people's lives across every continent.
Read more about our 200 year journey
Find out more about our 200-year journey.
The five core values that help shape our culture
How we celebrated 200 years of inspiring science in 2017
JM’s competitive advantage is our world class science and technology. We use it to create long term value for our shareholders and a cleaner, healthier planet for everyone.
Tighter legislation in Europe requiring higher value products
Tighter legislation in Asia (China and India)
Consistent growth in light duty catalyst market in North America
Focused investment in R&to maintain and extend technology leadership
Outperforming in selected, high growth segments
Increased efficiency to enhance performance
Extending capabilities into adjacent markets, geographies and technologies
Enhancing our position as a technology partner of choice with innovator customers
Commercialising our pipeline of new generic products
Commercialising our leading ehigh energy cathode material
Scale up through demo, pilot and full production scale; investment of more than £200 million from mid 2018
Continued investment in next generation, best in class high energy battery materials
Continuing to position other new businesses for growth
Support strategic delivery and generate savings for reinvestment in the business.
Investment in world class science that delivers market leading positions.
Targeting the highest growth opportunities that deliver the most attractive returns in areas where our inspiring science enhances life.
What our strategy delivers 
Our strategy directs investment choices across the group so that our people can translate our world class science and technology as efficiently as possible to solve our customers’ complex problems and tackle major global challenges: the need for clean air, improved healthcare and the most efficient use of our planet’s natural resources.
Our strategy will deliver sustained growth and value creation through:
Investment in science and technology which accelerates growth and creates leadership
Serving customers in growing, high margin, technology driven markets, aligned to global challenges and delivered through our four sectors
Operating with a relentless focus on efficiency and excellence; maximising synergies and driving standard processes and ways of working
Attracting and retaining the best people into a culture that is true to our vision and that breeds success.
To find out more, view the materials from our 2017 Capital Markets Day .
With our science, understanding and vision, we believe we have much to contribute to a more sustainable future.
In March 2017 we came to the end of our Sustainability 2017 programme. Sustainability 2017 laid the foundations for our new brand: inspiring science, enhancing life; and our vision for a cleaner, healthier world. Our refreshed business strategy has stemmed from these.
In developing the next phase of our sustainable business framework, we recognised that the world had moved on. External stakeholder expectations had increased, and customers and investors are now looking increasingly for evidence of sustainable practices. Regulation has also increased in our field. And in the bottom line savings of £142 million that we achieved during Sustainability 2017, we knew that a new framework would once again provide business benefits.
We also considered the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and identified six of the SDGs where we can make the biggest positive impact.
The outcome is a new sustainable business framework aligned to our brand, vision and strategy. Read more about how we're building a sustainable business .
JM’s competitive advantage is its science and technology. We use our industry-leading capabilities across our sectors. We own patents covering our science, technology and processes.
We invest for growth using equity from our shareholders, raised debt and cash flow delivered by our sectors.
We draw on our deep relationships with customers to understand how best to apply our science to solve their problems.
We source raw materials responsibly and use them as efficiently as possible. We also recycle platinum group metals (pgms).
We have a global network of manufacturing plants, application centres and laboratories.
Our 14,000 people bring the talent, expertise and innovative thinking needed to drive growth and efficiency in JM.
Our science has been established over many years. We invest in it and in our scientific talent. Our skill and knowledge is acknowledged across the scientific community and amongst customers.
We have a set of nine core science capabilities (see page 26) which we use across They provide us with fundamental insights about materials, their design and then the control of their activity through chemical and functional manipulation.
Our competitive advantage is in combining knowledge of the fundamental science with commercial and scalable solutions, potentially customised for each and every customer.
This combination enables us to outperform in our target markets, and creates high barriers to entry.
Our customers choose us because of our technology.
Our science directs where we play. We apply it in technology driven markets and generate high margins from it. This drives high returns.
Our customers are mostly other industrial companies, operating in the transport, energy, chemicals and healthcare segments.
We work closely with them to develop solutions which enable them to bring their products to market faster, improve the performance of their products and reduce their environmental impact.
We provide them with functional components that help them create more sustainable products and solutions. We also provide specialist services such as the refining and recycling of pgms and process technology used to design chemical plants.
Collaboration and strong relationships with our customers are crucial in providing a high quality tailored service. Together, we put our inspiring science to work to enhance life.
We continue to improve our global standards and systems to enable us to operate every aspect of our business efficiently: from strategy to supply chain, from innovation to IT.
Our global manufacturing operations create highly specified physical products for our customers.
We manufacture efficiently and responsibly to drive economic and environmental performance and have programmes in place to optimise our manufacturing assets.
We invest in our manufacturing capacity to meet customers’ future demand and have the ability to flex our cost base if our markets slow.
We demand high returns from our investments, with a target of at least 20%, which drives continued improvement in operational efficiency.
Everyone in plays their part in taking ideas from the lab to full scale commercial success.
We hire the best people with the right skills and support them in an innovative culture that encourages them to develop and grow.
We are driven by values which means we always keep each other safe, work with clear intentions and respect, and do the right thing for our people and our planet.
They are supporting us as we are evolving to take decisions more quickly, to be more open-minded to new possibilities, to share more and stay confident through times of uncertainty.
Our values provide the strong foundation from which we are creating a cleaner, healthier world.
Our people are motivated by working for a company that is ‘making a difference’ and this is an important differentiator in attracting and retaining the very best.
Global Commercial Project Lead, Refinery Sales
"The best part about the programme is the constant connection to other graduates. relied on this support system at the start of the programme, and continue to do so today."
"If you share the company’s direction and vision, an opportunity is guaranteed to come your way at some stage."
"The company is in a position to make a huge difference for generations now and in the future."
"There have been significant company changes recently and an influx of young talent, which is contributing to a forward-thinking way of working."
"really enjoy hearing about the science that is happening in our different sites."
"The company’s global status and its emphasis on career progression were the main things that attracted me to the role."
"What found surprising is that regardless of where in the world you are, walking into a site always feels familiar."
Group Strategy and Corporate Development Officer
"I’ve had the opportunity to be more hands on with our processes and as a result gathered much deeper knowledge of what we do as a company."
"The most surprising aspect was how much my mentors focused on personal development, which is a big part of the graduate scheme."
"There’s an innovative and collaborative culture that inspires me to work towards tackling some of the world’s largest problems."
Global Commercial Project Lead, Refinery Sales
"The best part about the programme is the constant connection to other graduates. relied on this support system at the start of the programme, and continue to do so today."
"If you share the company’s direction and vision, an opportunity is guaranteed to come your way at some stage."
"The company is in a position to make a huge difference for generations now and in the future."
"There have been significant company changes recently and an influx of young talent, which is contributing to a forward-thinking way of working."
"really enjoy hearing about the science that is happening in our different sites."
"The company’s global status and its emphasis on career progression were the main things that attracted me to the role."
"What found surprising is that regardless of where in the world you are, walking into a site always feels familiar."
Group Strategy and Corporate Development Officer
"I’ve had the opportunity to be more hands on with our processes and as a result gathered much deeper knowledge of what we do as a company."
"The most surprising aspect was how much my mentors focused on personal development, which is a big part of the graduate scheme."
"There’s an innovative and collaborative culture that inspires me to work towards tackling some of the world’s largest problems."
Global Commercial Project Lead, Refinery Sales
"The best part about the programme is the constant connection to other graduates. relied on this support system at the start of the programme, and continue to do so today."
list of our main sites and offices around the world.
From a single office in London in 1817, we've built a global presence with significant operations in more than 30 countries.
We support our customers' needs from 43 major manufacturing sites all around the globe, providing consistency and quality wherever you are, from South Africa to Macedonia, the or China. As we move into our third century we are continuing to invest in our footprint to ensure we're best positioned to serve our customers and future demand.
To get in touch, find your local site below or for general enquiries 
We organise ourselves into four sectors, aligned to the needs of our customers and the global challenges we are tackling. We're structured internally into the groups listed below, which is also how we report on our financial performance.
Governments and consumers are increasingly concerned about air quality, with regulations and legislation tightening. Our Clean Air sector helps meet these challenges, helping to effectively and efficiently reduce  emissions from vehicles and other sources.
With the rise of both population figures and consumer expectations, thoughts are turning to how we can make more of the resources we have available. Our Efficient Natural Resources sector helps customers to achieve greater efficiency and optimal yields in the use of these natural resources.
The need for affordable, and increasingly personalised, healthcare is on the rise. Our Health sector creates complex solutions to improve the efficiency of products and speed up the route to market, getting more effective treatments to the consumer faster.
As a company with science and innovation at the heart of what we do, never stands still. Our New Markets sector exists to meet this demand, nurturing the potential future growth areas of the business to find new focuses for innovation and success.
Find out more about our 200-year journey
is committed to high standards of corporate governance. Read the 
 (PDF, opens new window) and the company's statement describing how the Main Principles of the Combined Code on Corporate Governance, issued by the Financial Reporting Council have been applied.
