The Magic of Our Eyes
Sight - the most prized of all human senses. Our inspiration to help people see better, connect better, and live to the fullest.
We marvel at the magic of our eyes, yet we are acutely aware there are many who do not fully experience the wonder of this gift. Nearly 285 million people around the world face impaired vision, and 80% of those cases are preventable with early diagnosis and treatment. We are committed to changing these statistics.
See Better - Connect Better - Live Better
We are relentless in our pursuit to help people honor their eyes across their entire lives. Innovation is at the heart of our organization and embedded in all we do. It fuels our discovery and development of new products and also extends to our collaborations, education and community efforts to bring new solutions to those in need.
Nearsightedness, also known as Myopia.
Nearsightedness, also known as Myopia.
Myopia is a condition where distant objects appear blurry. The myopic eye is slightly longer than normal and is corrected with minus powered lenses.
Uncorrected myopia is the leading cause of distance impairment globally.
It is projected that by 2050, nearly five billion people (half the global population) will have this ailment. 
It's on trend: there is growing interest in contact lenses that correct and also enhance the beauty of our eyes. Beauty lenses are medical devices and eyes are sensitive- making it essential to have an eye exam and proper fitting by an eye professional. 
Worldwide, an estimated 1.3 billion people had presbyopia in 2011. This number is expected to increase to 2.1 billion by 2020.
Astigmatism is a variation in the curvature of the cornea - the clear, round dome covering the eye's iris and pupil - or in the shape of the eye's lens. Astigmatism results in blurred or distorted at all distances, varying with the amount of astigmatism.
This refractive error occurs in 1 in 3 people in the and may occur in combination with near- or farsightedness.
Glaucoma usually happens when fluid builds up in the front part of the eye, causing increased pressure within the eye which can damage the optic nerve.
Glaucoma, known as the "Silent Thief of Sight," is the second-leading cause of blindness in the (behind macular degeneration) and the second-leading cause of blindness worldwide (behind cataracts).
Tears help maintain the health of the front surface of the eye and help to maintain clear vision. Dry eye is a condition in which a person doesn't have enough quality tears to lubricate and nourish the eye.
Dry eye is a common and often chronic problem, particularly in older adults. 
Cataracts are the #1 cause of preventable blindness, which represented about 20 million people in 2010.
while only 10% are treated
is projected to be myopic
Cataracts are the main cause of preventable blindness worldwide and impacts 100 million eyes
Learn how we are committed to address these global problems
This site is governed solely by applicable laws and governmental regulations. Please see our Privacy Policy. Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy. Your use of the information on this site is subject to the terms of our Legal Notice. You should view the News Media section and the most recent Filings in the Investor section of jnj.com in order to receive the most current information made available by Johnson, Inc. Contact us with any questions or search this site for more information.About Us
It's not about us - it's about all of us. To change the trajectory of eye health around the world, it will take all of us, working together.
Being part of the Family of Companies
— our goal is to change the trajectory of health for humanity.
Eyesight is undervalued and undertreated—and we believe that it is our responsibility to help change this.
At Vision, we are united in our aspiration to partner with eye professionals and help more people around the world preserve and restore sight for life.
The values that guide our decision-making are spelled out in Our Credo. Put simply, Our Credo challenges us to put the needs and well-being of the people we serve first. 
Robert Wood Johnson, former chairman from 1932 to 1963 and a member of the Company’s founding family, drafted Our Credo himself in 1943, just before became a publicly traded company. This was long before anyone ever heard the term “corporate social responsibility.” Our Credo is more than just a moral compass. We believe it’s a recipe for business success. The fact that is one of only a handful of companies that have flourished through more than a century of change is evidence of that.
To serve a world of cultural diverse citizens our tenured leadership team, which includes top scientists and clinicians, continues to push the frontier of product innovation.
May we introduce to you...
Vice President, Supply Chain, Consumer Medical Devices and Customer Logistics Services
This site is governed solely by applicable laws and governmental regulations. Please see our Privacy Policy. Use of this site constitutes your consent to application of such laws and regulations and to our Privacy Policy. Your use of the information on this site is subject to the terms of our Legal Notice. You should view the News Media section and the most recent Filings in the Investor section of jnj.com in order to receive the most current information made available by Johnson, Inc. Contact us with any questions or search this site for more information.