The Roots of in the Group
Our 10 Material Issues for Activities
Ceremony Celebrating the Newly Born Starck Tantalum and Niobium GmbH
In accordance with our Group Mission Statement and our Code of Conduct, we engage in activities on the understanding that they are　nothing more or less than our business activities.
The Group's activities revolve around the Committee, an advisory body to the president. Each of the Group's officers and employees plays a constant and active role in advancing these activities.
The Roots of in the Group
Our 10 Material Issues for Activities
The Roots of in the Group
Our 10 Material Issues for Activities
Developing and of non-ferrous metal resources
Smelting refining, and marketing of non-ferrous metals, such as copper, gold and silver
Manufacturing and marketing of electro-deposited and treated rolled copper foils
Manufacturing and marketing of thin film materials such as sputtering targets, surface treatment agents, and compound semiconductor materials
Manufacturing and marketing of precision-rolled copper, copper-alloy, and special steel products
Manufacturing and marketing of precision fabricated products such as gold-plated products
In charge of Research Dept.
In charge of Accounting Finance Dept.
In charge of Logistics Dept.
In charge of Internal Auditing Dept.
In charge of Risk Management Dept.
In charge of Human Resources Dept.
In charge of Public Relations Dept.
In charge of Environment Safety Dept.
Kan Komatsuzaki
Takehiro ToyookaNavigations
The Daioin Smelter (Now, Hitachi Area Coordination Center) was opened.
Kawasaki Works began operations (now, the Kawaseki Plant, the Kurami Works in Kanagawa Prefecture) began metal fabrication operations.
The Isohara Plant (now, the Isohara Works in Ibaraki Prefecture, Co., Ltd.) began operations.
Construction of the Clean furnace (incinerator) at the Hitachi Works was completed.
The streamlined production system at the Saganoseki Smelting and Refinery was established. (Two flash furnaces operating system was consolidated into one) Philippines Inc. (now, Nikko Materials Philippines Inc.) was established
Construction of facilities for the recovery of valuable and rare at the Saganoseki Smeler and Refinery was completed.
The stock of Co., Ltd., was listed on the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Excange.
entered in a joint venture with a South Korean copper refiner. Nikko Materials Co., Ltd., was established
Pan Pacific Copper Co., Ltd., was established with Mitsui and Smelting Co., Ltd.
Nikko Environmental Services Co., Ltd., taking over recycling and environmental services at the Hitachi Works,was established and begun operation.
holding company, Holdings, Inc., was established with Japan Energy Corp.
Nikko Metal Manufacturing Co., Ltd., taling over metal manufacturing business, was established and began operations.
100th anniversary of the foundation of the company was celebrated.
The copper smelting and refining operations carried out at the Saganoseki Smelter Refinery and the Hitachi Works were transformed to Nikko Smelting Refining Co., Ltd., which was then integrated into Pan Pacific Copper.
Holdings, Inc. and Oil Corp. established Holdings company, Holdings, Inc.
Corp. was established as a core of the Group.
Kakegawa Works(Shizuoka Prefecture) began operations.
Holdings, Inc. and TonenGeneral Sekiyu established Holdings company, Holdings, Inc.Message from the Management
The Group is an integrated energy, resources, and materials business group and among Japan's leading enterprises. is a core company of this Group in the field of nonferrous metals, dedicated to being a global resources and materials with copper as our main product area.
Ensuring a stable supply of nonferrous resources and materials is our social mission. We are engaged in a wide range of operations from exploration, mining, smelting and refining to metal fabrication and electronic materials production.
Based on the Group Mission Statement and complying with our Code of Conduct, we will continue to pursue technical rationality and efficiency and make improvements in quality, product properties, and other matters in all aspects of our operations, from development and production to marketing. At the same time, we will continue to promote recycling of resources and materials to achieve zero emissions.
This is our way of achieving continuous innovation in the productivity of resources and materials.
In the conduct of our business, we are committed to maintaining and enhancing a harmonious relationship with a wide range of stakeholders, including our customers and the communities in which we operate. We are further committed to contributing to the sustainable development of society on a global scale.
In accordance with our Group Mission Statement and our Code of Conduct, we engage in activities on the understanding that they are　nothing more or less than our business activities.
The Group's activities revolve around the Committee, an advisory body to the president. Each of the Group's officers and employees plays a constant and active role in advancing these activities.
The Roots of in the Group
Our 10 Material Issues for Activities
The Roots of in the Group
Our 10 Material Issues for Activities
Contact UsTrading and others
Wholesales of Non-ferrous metals, metal fabrication products,
sulfuric acid and chemical products
Manufacture and sale of titanium metals, Manufacture and sale of catalysts for propylene polymerization, Manufacture and sale of electronic materials
Sales of chemicals, plating agents, and metal fabrication products; recycling business
Constructing and operating internal control and internal audit systems for Group companies in China
Based on the Group Mission Statement and our Code of Conduct, we engage in procurement activities based on the     below policy as part of our corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives.
Comply with laws, regulations, and rules and engage in fair transactions.
Respect the letter and spirit of relevant laws and social norms in executing business operations.
Conduct purchasing activities based on fair evaluations.
Maintain appropriate relationships with business partners based on the highest ethical values.
Strictly control personal information obtained in the course of procurement activities.
Build relationships with business partners based on mutual understanding and trust.
Provide business partners with high reliability and satisfaction through accurate, fast, and highly transparent         activities.
Endeavor to achieve robust communication with business partners and consistently promote creativity and innovation         through advanced ideas.
Contribute to the development of a sustainable society by promoting the purchase of environmentally friendly         materials and machinery.
Do not engage in raw materials procurement that contributes to illegal activities in conflict-affected  regions or to  human rights infringements through such illegal activities.
Respect the guidance of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development related to raw materials procurement from conflict-affected areas, and control supply chains in an appropriate manner.
In the conduct of the Group's business operations, it is necessary for      not only the Group but also our business partners' supply chains to fulfill their responsibility to society. Therefore,     we also require our business partners to operate in accordance with the following:
Comply with laws, regulations, and social norms, such as those below, and place priority on human rights and        environmental impact.
Obey laws and regulations related to manufacturing and sales, etc.
Abide by laws and regulations related to safety and health and develop a proper labor environment.
Comply with environmental laws and regulations.
Prohibit bribery and other unfair conduct.
Do not engage in conflict minerals procurement or use that contributes to inhumane acts.
Engage in sound and fair business management.
Based on the Group's Green Purchase Guideline, build environmental management       systems and properly manage specified chemical substances.
Offer stable supply capacity and satisfy the quality, price, delivery, and service requirements of the       Group.
