 Confectionary Dough Conditioner for Crack Prevention Has Been Developed.
 to Set Up New Processed Oil Products Factory in Indonesia
 submitted its commitment at the Our Ocean Conference
 Adopted for JICA's Collaboration Program with the Private Sector for Disseminating Japanese Technology
 received the Technical Award of the Society for Biotechnology, Japan
Proprietary Technologies and Synergies
Proprietary Technologies and Synergies
On the occasion of our 60th anniversary, we have set forth a new corporate philosophy, corporate ideals and basic corporate social responsibility policy to achieve the innovation and growth that will lead us into the future.
With people and technology growing together into creative fusion, we will break fresh ground for the future and tie in to explore New Values. We are also committed to challenging the environmental issues of our planet and contribute to upgrading the quality of life.
Toward an Even More Impressive and Productive Future
Hold in your hands the future you have always dreamed of. We are a highly perceptive and collaborative value-creating group or, as we like to say, a "Dreamology Company."
*"Dreamology" is an expression coined from 'dream' and 'ology' (science). Our "Dreamology Company" is a "highly perceptive and collaborative value-creating group."
As a research and development company brimming with creative energy and passion, we will create future-oriented businesses that leap beyond current market needs and back them up with new product development, thus protecting the global environment and contributing to the quality of life.
We are determined to become a truly global enterprise with diverse human resources working together on a global scale. Our presence will be felt in markets around the world, including newly emerging ones.
We are proud of our unity and identity as the Group and will take on the challenges of value creation and business innovation through close collaboration.
We will never cease to pursue innovation, fusing wisdom from both internal and external sources without getting caught up in organizational compartmentalization and conventional ways of doing things.
We in the Group believe that the wellspring of corporate growth resides in human resources and will continue to seek innovation as we cultivate and nurture our valued employees.
Charter (Putting the Corporate Philosophy Into Practice)
We offer solutions characterized by value to global markets and contribute to the evolution of lifestyles and the environment through innovative chemistry.
We bring innovation to lifestyles and the environment by harnessing the unlimited potential of chemical materials to help communities achieve sustainability. (Earthology Chemical Solution)
By adopting a unified approach to food and medicine that is defined by a focus on chemistry, we provide innovative solutions that empower people to live healthier lives. (Active Human Life Solution)
We fulfill our social responsibility by empowering individual employees to put our corporate philosophy into practice through serious, forward-looking effort.
We actively contribute to our communities by cultivating understanding of the cultures and customs of the countries and regions where we do business and by pursuing corporate activities that are deeply rooted in those communities.
We operate our businesses in a fair and impartial manner based on the principles of free competition and legal compliance.
We’re committed to communicating with shareholders and other stakeholders and to making information about our operations available in a timely and appropriate manner.
We strive to foster an organizational culture that respects the personalities and uniqueness of all employees so that they can enjoy good health, feel motivated, and make the most of their abilities.
Reflecting a commitment to make safety the top priority in our operations, we work to create safe and healthy workplaces, ensure product safety, and protect and preserve the environment.President's Message
Paving the Way to a Sustainable Future as a Solution Provider through innovative chemistry
Society and business environment are transforming rapidly throughout the borderless world. To realize a sustainable society, efforts for finding solutions towards environment, energy, food and health issues are being accelerated. While the effects on climate change caused by CO2 emission and global warming are serious, there is growing awareness of the need for humanity to protect the global environment. Standing at the important turning point only once in a hundred years, new and promising business opportunities are opened up to the chemical industry thanks to a technology innovation.
We, Group, have established Charter following our corporate philosophy: “With people and technology growing together into creative fusion, we will break fresh ground for the future and tie in to explore New Values. We are also committed to challenging the environmental issues of our planet and contribute to upgrading the quality of life”. To intensify and promote our activities on “Environment”, “Social”, and “Governance”, our Charter guides the actions of every individual in our organization. As an R&D-oriented material manufacturer, we will achieve innovation and create new technologies to solve social problems. And we will provide valuable products and system making full use of such technologies. In this manner, we will contribute to making our society sustainable as well as achieve our growth.
We revised our management systems in April 2017 to advance our policy as a Solution Provider. Nine business divisions have been renamed Solutions Vehicles (SVs), regrouped into four Solutions Units (SUs): Material SU, Quality of Life SU, Health Care SU, and Nutrition SU.
Kaneka’s new Medium-term Management Plan (introduced in April 2018) has improved the management system reform of 2017 and reaffirms our commitment as a Solution Provider to contribute to the advancement of life and environment of people worldwide, delivering valuable solutions through chemistry. We are reinforcing dedications to solve issues such as protection of the environment, energy saving, innovation, comfortable life, food production and nutrition, aging societies and advanced medical treatments. Setting up the main drivers for future growth – “R&D”, “globalization”, and “human resource development” – we aim to strengthen our business approach from market/customer-oriented viewpoint, improve the productivity of our entire value chain, and accelerate the glocalization.
Group is committed to meeting its stakeholders’ expectations and becoming an estimable company with competitive business structure by solving society’s problems.
We would appreciate your continued support and guidance.
Mamoru KadokuraCorporate Data
Proprietary Technologies and Synergies
Started first production of wire covering.
Started first production of rigid compounds, Kanevinyl Compound.
Developed and marketed heat resistant resin, (Transferred in 2001).
Developed a paste, which began production and sales as Kanevinyl Paste.
Received prize from the Society of Polymer Science of Japan for Kane Ace resin manufacturing technology.
Developed and marketed polyethylene foam using bead method, Eperan.
Completed plant for Kane Ace at Belgium N.V.
Developed and marketed Silyl terminated polyethers, polymer.
Received prize from the Society of Polymer Science of Japan for Polymer.
Marketed sash window, Excel Window.
Received award from the Chemical Society of Japan for the technical development of D-para-hydroxyphenylglycine manufacturing technology.
Received a "Nikkei Superior Product and Service Award" for Kanekalon's artificial fur from the Nikkei Marketing Journal.
Developed and marketed Kaneka, intermediate for anti-hypertensive medicine.
Developed and marketed acrylic silicon polymer, Gemlac.
Received award from the Society of Fiber Science and Technology, Japan for flame retardant fiber technology.
Developed and marketed amorphous photovoltaic modules.
Developed and marketed polyimide film, Apical.
Completed plant for Kane Ace at Texas.
Developed and marketed polypropylene foam using bead method, Eperan PP.
Completed plant for Eperan at Belgium N.V.
Commercialized blood purification system and commenced production and sale of the membrane-type plasma separator and the low-density lipoprotein(LDL) absorber.
Received prize from the Society of Fermentation Technology, Japan for ß-hydroxy fatty acid.
Received prize from the Society of Fiber Science and Technology, Japan for Kanekalon coloring and spinning method.
Received Inoue Harushige Award from the Research Development of Japan for amorphous photovoltaic modules research and commercialization.
Received award from the Society of Polymer Science of Japan for plasmapheresis system.
Developed and marketed Selesorb, a selective adsorption column for systemic lupus erythematosus.
Received award from the Japan Institute of Invention and Innovation for Polymer.
Received award from the Kinki Chemical Society, Japan, for Apical NPI.
Received award from the Society of Fiber Science and Technology, Japan, for Protex, a flame retardant fiber.
Manufacturing approval obtained for Lixelle plasma purification device for use in the treatment of dialysis-related amyloidosis.
Malaysia began production of Eperan and resin.
Established High-Tech Materials (now north America) to carry on the business operations of Allied-Apical.
Belgium began production of polymer.
Acquired 14001 registration at four plants in Japan.
Attained 9001 certification for all related company divisions (an industry first) involved in making Kanelite Foam.
Started domestic sales of photovoltaic solar power generation system.
Developed word's first non-fluorocarbon, non-halogen foaming agent Kanelite Foam, category 3 insulation panel.
Began to sell the functional food material Coenzyme Q10.
Began to sell nation's first embolization coil.
Established HiHua Fiber Co., Ltd in China.
Developed an imide film capable of forming a three-dimensional optical waveguide with a laser.
Developed a new injection molding resin by applying proprietary nanocomposite technology.
Developed toughness-enhancing master batches for epoxy resin.
Achieved Zero-emission status at all production facilities in Japan for the second straight year.
Developed a new resin with high mechanical strength and high light resistance, ILLUMIKA.
Developed world's most advanced high thermal conductive graphite sheet, Graphinity.
Began commercial production of the isobutylene thermoplastic elastomer SIBSTAR.
Established Solar Cell Research Division in Belgium.
Developed the industry’s first dual UV/moisture-curing adhesive in collaboration with Chemtech.
Formed a capital alliance with Belgian biotechnology firm, Eurogentec S.A.
Rolled out Organic Lighting Panels Business.
Developed world's first completely bio-based polymer with soft and heat-resistant properties
Received prize from the Society of Polymer Science of Japan for Telechelic polyacrylate.
Developed a new thermosetting imide resin for a carbon-fiber-reinforced composite material with high heat-resistance.
Received prize from the 21th International Photovoltaic Science and Engineering Conference.
Established Asia Co., Ltd., an Asia regional holding company based in Shanghai, China.
Established Americas Holding, Inc., an Americas regional holding company based in Texas, USA.
Began to sell KanCapselected by global pharmaceutical companies.
Established Material Research Center Facility  within Texas A&M.
Began to sell CellEffic in Europe.
Commenced sale of organic lighting panels with the world’s longest service life and excellent color stability.
Lacriflow tear duct tubes went on sale in the United States.
Developed Ikazuchi Zero catheter and commenced sale of this product for use in percutaneous coronary arterioplasty.
Signed the United Nations Global Compact, a concept advocated by former Secretary-General.
Europe Holding company was established to accelerate business expansion in Europe, the Middle East and Africa(EMEA).
balloon catheter jointly developed with Terumo for use in peripheral blood vessel therapy went on sale in the United States.
Malaysia Sdn.Bhd., a new Polymer production plant, was established.
research facility specializing in regenerative medicine and cell therapy was established in Kobe.
Acquired a shareholding in Cemedine Co., Ltd., which became a consolidated subsidiary.
Opened Africa Liaison office in Ghana to accelerate business development in Africa.
Established Innovation Center.
Reception is on the 35th floor of Nakanoshima Festival Tower.
8 minute walk from “Kitashinchi” station on Tozai Line
Proprietary Technologies and Synergies
Proprietary Technologies and Synergies
announced Medium-Term Management Plan dated from March 2019 to March 2021 (FY2018-2020) on May 14, 2018.
Proprietary Technologies and Synergies
