Automotive Refinish
Message from the President
Corporate Data
Introducing our new group corporate brand
can be done, more and more... For the people of the world.
Coatings Which Help both People and the Environment
Automotive Refinish
「ABSORBER」 MALFUNCTION
Corporate Data
Our Spiritual Foundations
Automotive Refinish
Message from the President
Corporate Data
Message from the President
Corporate Data
has dedicated itself to developing paints for the last 100 years.
Used not only for protection but also aesthetics and functionality, has many roles as a useful tool across the globe.
By introducing products with unique functionality, strives to convey its own unique perspective of the roles will play and the contributions to society will make possible in the next century.
uses “ninja” to help explain the functions and effects of in a fun, easy-to-understand manner.Group Corporate Philosophy
We leverage superior technology to contribute to our Customers and Society in a sustainable manner, with innovative Products and Services,
through a competent workforce, built on the a culture of Customer Focus, Integrity and Respect to all our Stakeholders.
“Designed to last”
“Designed to last”, a timeless reflection of the Group.
Providing beauty through color and ceaselessly finding solutions to embrace your living style.
Being sincere, open and positive, continually creating lasting values that please.
Through this practice, we will become an essential element that supports the development of people and society.
The Blue exterior and Red & White interior represent the aspirations and thoughts of the Group.
“Blue” connotes integrity / accountability / respect, while “Red & White” connote superior technology / performance / challenge.
These two elements form the Group “K”.
This integration expresses the Group as a partnership based on mutual respect.Network
Automotive Refinish
Message from the President
Corporate Data
The Company was founded in Amagasaki City.
Launched CELVA,the first lacquer ever produced in Japan.
Opened the Tokyo Office and Plant.
Completed the Head Office building in Osaka.
Opened the Hiratsuka Plant.
Opened the Nagoya Plant.
Completed the Technical Research Center in Hiratsuka.
Opened the Kanuma Plant.
Began marketing ASCA,a waterborne air-drying synthetic resin coating.
Began marketing FANTAC,a marking film.
Established Taiwan Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Taiwan.
Completed the Color Research Center (presently Color Designing & Development Laboratory) in Hiratsuka.
Began marketing EDUV,an electrodeposition photoresist for printed circuit boards.
Introduced a new corporate brand—ALESDec
Established Automotive Coatings Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Korea.
Completed the Application Technology Center (presently Application Technology Laboratory) in Hiratsuka.
Established Du Pont-Automotive Coatings Inc.,a joint venture in the United States.
Established Europe Limited,an overseas subsidiary,and commenced operation.
Established Tianjin & Chemicals Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Tianjin,China.
Completed the Ono Plant.
Established Shenyang Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Shenyang,China.
Established Auto Refinishing Center in Hiratsuka.
Established Tianjin Bea& Chemicals Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Tianjin, China.
Established Chongqing Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Chongqing,China.
Established Hunan Automotive Coatings Co.,Ltd.,a joint venture in Changsa, China.
Developed PEARL,carrier beads to immobilize biocatalysts of microorganisms designed for more advanced waste water treatment.
Established a home page on the World Wide Web.
Published the first pamphlet on “Geophysical Environmental Matters.”
Established Auto Refinishing Center West in Amagasaki.
Completed the Technology & Products Development Lavoratory in Hiratsuka.
Established Tokyo Technical & Business Office.
Started marketing of (Laser Direct Image)for PDP.
Developed technology to recycle bottles as a raw material of paints.
Developed the first water-borne basecoat for car refinish in Japan.
All the plants in Japan acquired the certificate of 14001.
Established – the joint venture with Nippon Paint.
Established Marine Coatings Co.,Ltd.
Completed new plant for the production of water born coatings at Nagoya.
Changed company name from Marine Coatings Co.,Ltd. to Coatings.
Entered into an exclusive contract for selling Japan automotive refinish paints in Japan.
Acquired Coatings Co,.Ltd , Guanzhou Co.,Ltd. , Philippines,Inc as a subsidiary.
Acquired Akzo Nobel Industrial and Automotive Coatings Industry and Trade Turkey.
Established New Head Office and moved.
Consolidated Sales Co,.Ltd. and Kanpe Kyohan Hokkaido Co.,Ltd.
Established Chongqing Alesco Co., Ltd.
Consolidated Sales Co.,Ltd. as a wholly owned subsidiary.
Acquired Prakarsa Coatings. as a subsidiary.
Completed new Tokyo Office Building within Tokyo Technical & Business Office.
Acquired Paints Nepal Pvt., Ltd. as a consolidated subsidiary.
Acquired Astra Industries Ltd. in Zimbabwe as a subsidiary.
Established Zhaoqing Shenglian Powder Coating & Technology Co.,Ltd.
Acquired Sdn. Bhd. in Malaysia as a consolidated subsidiary.
Established Japan Power Coating Manufacturing Co.,Ltd.
Automotive Refinish
Message from the President
Corporate Data
Corporate Data
Corporate Data
Hiroshi Ishino, President, CEO
Number of Employees
・Manufacture and sales of all types of paints
・Design, manufacture, and sales of coating equipment
・Control and undertaking of painting works
・Design of colour schemes
・Manufacture and sales of products in the biotechnology and electronics fields
© 2018 Co.,Ltd. All rights reserved.– founder of Our Founders: Katsujiro Iwai and Nagaoka Zen Juku (Private Tutoring School)
was founded by Katsujiro Iwai in 1918. Katsujiro Iwai was born in Kameoka, in the outskirts of Kyoto, in April 1863. During his childhood, the modernization of Japan finally got underway through the Meiji Restoration of 1868. Before that, Japan had passed through a long period of feudalism.
Early in his life he left his hometown to live in Osaka, where he began his career as a merchant. He was mostly self-educated, acquiring business skills and foreign languages all by himself. However, his parents gave him words to live by. His father taught him: “Become a human being who benefits the nation.” His mother taught him: “You must bear all difficulties, no matter what.”
During his youth, Japan was an extremely poor country in comparison to developed countries in Europe and the United States. Japan based its industrial policy on importing products and raw materials from foreign countries, processing them, and exporting the finished products. Katsujiro Iwai was originally a trader. However, he understood that only importing foreign products would not be of much benefit to Japan’s development. He wanted to create Japanese-made products that were as good as foreign ones. To achieve this ambition, he invested the profits he earned through trade into founding six manufacturing companies, including Paint.
The foundations of his business emphasized both morality and public-spiritedness, based on his belief in the necessity of pursuing both profit and the economic development of society at the same time. To carry out this business philosophy, he had to undergo many bitter ordeals. During the turbulent decades of the 1920s and 1930s, many of his businesses were on the brink of being swept up in nationwide panics, and was no exception. Many companies were closed down and withdrew from business. Katsujiro Iwai maintained an unwavering belief that businesses should never swerve from their course in pursuit of temporary gains or because of temporary problems.
During those trying times, his faith in Zen supported him. The ultimate goal of most Buddhist philosophy is said to be to gain spiritual enlightenment about life and death. The key characteristic of Zen Buddhism, however, is to gain enlightenment through a practice called Zen meditation. Katsujiro Iwai made constant efforts, through Zen meditation, to carry out his business philosophy and stay focused on his main mission. He practiced meditation whether he was busy or not. In later years, he arrived at the belief that good human resources are the core of business, and that the more spiritual and mental training a person has, the better business manager he becomes. Believing that Zen training can form personal character, in 1933 he invested a large amount from his private fortune to establish Nagaoka Zen Juku (private tutoring school) in the outskirts of Kyoto.
Today has a large number of employees, commands unmatched engineering and development capabilities, and supplies desirable products world-wide. However, the real defining trait of is more than just its products and technology. Rather, it is something invisible to the naked eye, something that stimulates employees, enhances products, and improves skills.
What is that? It is a business philosophy rooted in the morality on which Paint’s founder based his life. As such, it is a legacy that lives and is practiced even today. He always said, “If your opinion will benefit the Company, then state it frankly, regardless of your position within the Company.” He thought that a company was truly democratized when each and every employee who constitutes the Company could state his views, bringing in a breath of fresh air. The more open a company is in this way, the more vitality its employees have. That was Katsujiro Iwai’s thinking.
This approach is now deeply rooted in Paint. In fact, it is a fountainhead of the Company’s corporate culture. To this day, our employees continue to express themselves – a tribute to the inspired thinking of the Company’s founder.
