At home one evening, Solheim putts with his first prototype putter head, and the tuning-fork-like construction makes a ‘ping’ sound when impacting the ball. excitedly runs into the kitchen and announces to his wife, Louise, “I’ve got a name for my putter!” Soon thereafter, he files for a patent on the 1-putter. Three years later, the patent is granted. 
Receive new product announcements, special offers and updates!
We use tracking technologies for a variety of reasons.
To recognize new or past users.
To improve our Platform, products, or services.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple devices or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our website visitors.
We may engage in interest-based advertising.
We and our partners may display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across multiple websites, devices, or other platforms.
Interest-based advertising or “online behavioral advertising” includes ads served to you after you leave a website, encouraging you to return. These ads may be served after you leave our website, or after you leave the websites of third parties. They also include ads we and our partners think are relevant based on your browsing habits or online activities. These ads might be served on websites or apps. We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads. They might be about our products or other companies’ products.
To decide what is relevant to you, we and our partners use information made available when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. This information is gathered using the tracking tools described above. For example, we or our partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. We and our partners might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others.
We work with third parties who help gather this information. These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect. That might include past purchases made offline or online. Or, it might include online usage information.
We use tracking tools, including cookies, on our websites. Third parties also use cookies on our sites. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites. To learn more, visit 
Certain choices you make are both browser and device-specific.
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. To opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, click 
The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choices for the companies participating in this tool, download the AppChoices app 
Certain choices you make are both browser and device-specific.
Available exclusively to golf team members and coaches, the Mascot Team Bag program allows for customizing the lettering, logos, and colors for displaying team identity and pride. The Mascot has a four-way top, seven pockets, full-contact base, and front-adjusting padded shoulder straps. 
The reinforced top is roomy to simplify club management, and includes an integrated handle for easy handling and lifting.
The highly durable leg bracket has built-in leg stops to ensure proper and stable leg extension on all surfaces, including concrete or other slick surfaces.
new strap connector makes slipping the bag on and off a smooth, simple operation. Its ergonomic design works with the front-adjusting shoulder pads to keep the bag feeling light and balanced. 
