The Most Fuel-Efficient Hybrid Crossover. 1
Kia’s hybrid crossover delivers dynamic performance that’s balanced and responsive. And as the most fuel-efficient hybrid crossover on the road 1 , Niro is prepared to go the distance. Add in a versatile interior with room to spare and it’s easy to see, the 2019 Niro really can do it all.
Engineered to perform. Born to explore.
Introducing the first-ever 2020 Telluride. With heart for adventure, technology to command the road less traveled and comfort for up to eight occupants, it's easy to see why Telluride turned heads at the North American International Auto Show. Adventure awaits, as Telluride arrives in Spring 2019. 1
Introducing the newly redesigned 2020 Soul which turned heads and drew stares as it made its debut on the red carpet. The latest model of the hugely popular crossover features a completely redesigned exterior and interior, along with high-tech features. Explore the all-new 2020 Soul, set to arrive in Spring 2019. 1
New Year, New Adventure.
Drive into savings on select 2019 vehicles. Want to have a year full of adventure? Hop into the Sorento or Sportage. Is urban exploration in your future? Niro and Soul have you covered. Whatever your adventure, get to your local dealer before the sun sets on this offer. 1
Powered by everyday adventure.
Take on adventures big and small in the versatile Sorento. At home on any road, it’s easy to maneuver around town and comfortably seats seven in three standard rows. Road trip? Yes please. An available 1 can up your off-road capability, while innovative technology upgrades every journey. Sorento is ready when you are, so where to next?
Inspired to move you.
Extraordinary inside and out, the 2019 Optima combines high style with thrilling performance. Along with innovative technologies that are standard, like Blind Spot Collision Warning 1 with Lane Change Assist 2 and Rear Cross-Traffic Collision Warning 3 , Optima is one smart choice.
The Most Fuel-Efficient Hybrid Crossover. 1
Kia’s hybrid crossover delivers dynamic performance that’s balanced and responsive. And as the most fuel-efficient hybrid crossover on the road 1 , Niro is prepared to go the distance. Add in a versatile interior with room to spare and it’s easy to see, the 2019 Niro really can do it all.
Engineered to perform. Born to explore.
Introducing the first-ever 2020 Telluride. With heart for adventure, technology to command the road less traveled and comfort for up to eight occupants, it's easy to see why Telluride turned heads at the North American International Auto Show. Adventure awaits, as Telluride arrives in Spring 2019. 1
The Power to SurpriseWho We Are
Who We Are World-class design and engineering. That's our mission. At Kia, we're inspired by the idea that you should love driving and owning your car. Designing, engineering, building, and bringing you that car is what we do. And we love what we do. Turns out we're not alone. Auto experts and everyday drivers love what we do, too. The 2017 Sportage won the Red Dot Award for Product Design in 2016. The 2016 Optima received Kelley Blue Book's KBB.com Midsize Car Best Buy Award. The word is out. The superlatives are gratifying. Yet we're determined to keep evolving.
To that end, has been making news with a remarkable run of firsts. We introduced the superb K900, our first rear-drive, full-size luxury sedan. We debuted the Soul EV, our first all-electric, zero-emissions vehicle. The soon to come 2017 Optima Plug-In Hybrid is our first vehicle of its kind. The exciting firsts go on and on. From design to technology, materials to safety features, continues to innovate and upgrade our entire lineup.
You deserve to own a car you love. We invite you to discover the “New Kia.”
As a company and as individuals, we're driving beyond past perceptions and discovering what's possible.
©2018 America, Inc.  All information applies to vehicles only.
What are you looking for?
The Power to SurpriseIntroducing the all-new 2020 Telluride. The long-awaited debut of the all-new 2020 Telluride at the 2019 North American International Auto Show has just opened the door for adventure. Specifically designed for the American market, our largest ever features all of the technology, capability and versatility needed to make Telluride a true flagship With a 291 horsepower 3.8-liter V6 engine, available self-leveling rear suspension and available active on-demand all-wheel drive, exploring the great unknown will be both a thrilling and luxurious experience. Comfort never takes a back seat in the all-new 2020 Telluride. From the available double-stitched, quilted and padded Nappa leather seat trim, to the ceiling mounted climate vents, keeping up to eight occupants in complete comfort is a breeze.
Completing the Telluride starts with its beginnings. Proudly assembled at our West Point manufacturing facility in Georgia, the all-new 2020 Telluride was designed in America, for America. To get a taste of adventure before Telluride arrives in the Spring of 2019, come to the Chicago auto show and experience the capabilities of modified Tellurides at the Torque Track. Ride with a pro-driver as you conquer gravel, hills and get a feel for what it’s like, to be out on Mother Nature’s trails.
2020 Telluride with Prestige Package pre-production model shown with optional features. Not all optional features are available on all trims. Production model may vary. Optional roof rails and roof cargo basket shown not available on all trims. Simulated screen shown.
Some option selections may include, exclude, or require the purchase of additional options and packages.
No system, no matter how advanced, can compensate for all driver error and/or driving conditions. Always drive safely.
The 2020 Telluride is assembled in the United States from and globally sourced parts.
2020 Telluride prototypes modified for off-road exhibition; modified vehicles for sale. Professional drivers on closed course. Do not attempt.
Big things were unleashed at 2018.
The gloves came off at 2018 with a sneak peak at modified versions of Kia’s new mid-size SUV, the Telluride, before its release in Spring 2019. Built like a beast but with thoroughbred handling and performance, the Telluride can carry up to 8 passengers on the road or off. Visitors were wowed watching modified Tellurides1 tackle a series of extreme off-road obstacles at the special outdoor track. Once inside on the floor, they got to see the Brandon Maxwell custom Telluride2 from New York Fashion Week, as well as the Red Bull 2019 Forte drift car3, and even a tricked out Stinger from Australia’s Queensland Police4 fleet of high-speed pursuit vehicles. It was an event to remember, and one we hope you’ll join us for next year.
1. Tellurides: 2020 Telluride prototypes modified for off-road exhibition; modified vehicles for sale. Professional drivers on closed course. Do not attempt. Production model expected Spring 2019 in limited quantities.
2. Brandon Maxwell Telluride: Custom 2020 Telluride with options and aftermarket features. Brandon Maxwell designed Telluride not available for purchase.
3. Red Bull Forte: Drift car prototype for sale. Red Bull’s marks are registered trademarks of Red Bull GmbH.
4. Queensland Police Stinger GT: Custom Australian-spec 2018 Stinger. Australian model varies from model.
Kia’s customized all-new 2020 Telluride turned heads at New York Fashion Week.
bespoke version of Kia’s largest and most refined SUV—the upcoming all-new 2020 Telluride—made its debut at fashion designer Brandon Maxwell’s New York Fashion Week (NYFW) show. Influenced by Maxwell’s Texas-inspired runway collection, the ranch-ready Telluride prototype with saddle-like leather accents proved rough and refined can coexist seamlessly. If you missed Telluride at NYFW, see the production vehicle debut in Detroit at the North American International Auto Show before it conquers showrooms in Spring 2019. Sign up for the latest Telluride news and updates.
Custom 2020 Telluride prototype with options and aftermarket features shown. Brandon Maxwell-designed Telluride not available for purchase.  2020 Telluride expected Spring 2019.
291 hp and 262 lb.-ft. of torque
Torque Vectoring Cornering Control (TVCC)
Self-Leveling Rear Suspension
Sound-absorbing windshield and front passenger glass
Available 2nd-row reclining captain’s chairs
Heated and ventilated 1st and 2nd-row seats
Automatic Temperature Control for rear passengers
Ambient lighting with 64 selectable colors
Harman/Kardon® 10-Speaker Premium Audio
Wireless smartphone charger
Up to 6 charge ports and 4 12power outlets
Forward Collision Warning (FCW)
Highway Driving Assist (HDA)
Lane Following Assist (LFA)
Lane Keeping Assist (LKA)
Rear Cross-Traffic Collision-Avoidance Assist (RCCA)
Safe Exit Assist (SEA)
Expected availability Spring 2019 in select markets in limited quantities.
Pre-production model shown with optional features. Not all optional features are available on all trims. Production model may vary.
Touch display: Distracted driving can result in a loss of vehicle control. When operating a vehicle, never use a vehicle system that takes your focus away from safe vehicle operation.
Head-Up Display: Failure to pay attention to travel conditions and vehicle operation could result in loss of vehicle control. Always drive safely and use caution.
Harman/Kardon® is a registered trademark of Harman International Industries, Incorporated.
Wireless Smartphone Charging: Qi-enabled smartphone required.
Towing requires additional equipment. See Owner’s Manual for towing capacity, additional instructions, and warnings. Always use caution while towing.
Purchase/lease of a new 2020 Telluride vehicle with link includes a complimentary one year subscription starting from new vehicle retail sale/lease date as recorded by the dealer. After your complimentary one year link subscription expires, continued access to link will require a paid subscription at the then current subscription rate or your use of link will immediately terminate. Use of is subject to agreement to the Privacy Policy (available at https://www.myuvo.com/legal/privacy-policy.shtml ) and Terms of Service (available at https://www.myuvo.com/legal/terms-of-service.shtml ). link transferrable to subsequent owner during the original link service term. Only use link when safe to do so. link App is available from the App Store® or Google Link™ Store. America, Inc. reserves the right to change or discontinue link at any time without prior notification or incurring any future obligation. Message and data rates may apply. Cellular and coverage is required to use most features. link features may vary by model, model year, and trim level. Features, specifications, and fees are subject to change. For more on details and limitations, visit myuvo.com or your authorized dealer. Google and logos are trademarks of Google, Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple, Inc.
Drive Wise features are not substitutes for safe driving, and may not detect all objects around the vehicle.  Always drive safely and use caution.
Driver Attention Warning is not a substitute for safe driving and may not detect all instances of driver fatigue or inattentive driving practices. Failure to pay attention to travel conditions and vehicle operation could result in loss of vehicle control. Always drive safely and use caution.
Warning: Driving while distracted can result in a loss of vehicle control that may lead to an accident, severe personal injury, and death. The driver's primary responsibility is in the safe and legal operation of a vehicle, and use of any handheld devices, other equipment, or vehicle systems which take the driver's eyes, attention and focus away from the safe operation of a vehicle or which are not permissible by law should never be used during operation of the vehicle.
2018 Telluride Obstacle Course with Donut Media | 2020 Telluride
Design Introspective | 2020 Telluride
©2019 America, Inc. All information applies to vehicles only.
What are you looking for?
The Power to Surprise