Corporate Social Responsibility
Message from the President and CEO
Integrated Report
Quality Charter
Core Values of Next 100 Project
Aluminum & Copper
Other Businesses
Natural Resources & Energy Savings
Energy & Chemicals
Industry & Life
Research and Development
"Only One" products and technologies
Focus on Outstanding Oroducts and Technologies
Visual Tour of Facilities
Consolidated Ten-Year Summary
Ordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
receives order for large mixing and pelletizing system for polyethylene
to sell small-diameter seamless pipes and tubes for bearings
2019 New Year's Message from President and Mitsugu Yamaguchi
Kobelco Aluminum Products & Extrusions to increase production capacity of aluminum products in Kentucky, USA
World’s Largest HDRI/Plant Completes Construction in Algeria
Integrated Report 2018
Message from the President and CEO
Focus on Outstanding Products and Technologies
Group Medium-Term Management Plan
Please be careful of suspicious emails that claim to be from our subsidiary company.
Beware of Fake, Scam and Phishing Email
About Group Companies
Corporate Social Responsibility
Focus on Outstanding Products and Technologies
Research and Development
Visual Tour of Facilities
Medium-to Long-term Business Vision of the Group
Integrated Report
© STEEL, 1995-2019April 5, 2018
Recently, we have discovered that many suspicious emails have been sent from “@kobelco-uk.com” as the sender domain. In some cases, the emails urge you to call and reply to @kobelco-uk.com.
The Group has never issued such emails.
If you would like to confirm any emails, please contact us through the link below.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyDistinctive Products & Technologies
Found in one out of every two cars worldwide!
Engine valve springs must withstand thousands of expansions and compressions per minute. They require an extremely high level of quality. Steel’s wire rod products are the brand of choice, with a 50 percent share of the world market.
The world’s strongest steel!
Steel’s high-strength sheet is primarily used in auto frame parts and contributes to lighter vehicles. In particular, we are a leading manufacturer for development and commercialization of ultra high-strength sheet.
Titanium for Aircraft Engine Components
Titanium pioneer!
Titanium is an important material for components that cover the rotating parts of engines, form an airflow path, and prevent shattering during engine failure. has been delivering fan case components for aircraft engines for over 30 years, meeting the demands of engine makers around the world.
40% share of world market!
Crankshafts are a core ship part, transmitting power from a ship's engine to its propellers. holds 40 percent of the world market share for built-up and solid crankshafts, garnering high praise for dimensional precision at the micro level.
Flux-Cored Wires
produces welding materials with high work efficiency for a wide variety of industries, including shipbuilding, structural and bridge construction. These materials greatly decrease welding man hours, greatly increase welding efficiency and help create more beautiful bead appearance.
Non-Copper Coated Solid Wires (wire series)
Reduced environmental impact!
Produced using a unique wire surface treatment technology, non-copper coated solid wires offer groundbreaking feed capability and outstanding arc stability. These wires also reduce environmental impact, removing the need for copper plating treatment during manufacturing of the welding wire.
Welding Materials for Low-Alloy Top market share worldwide!
Increasingly sophisticated high-strength and low-alloy, heat-resistant is being utilized in recent years in high-temperature, high-pressure applications such as oil refining reactors and thermal power boilers. We have developed welding materials specially designed to meet these needs.
ARCMAN™-GS
Increased application of robotic welding!
The ARCMAN™ welding robot series is used in a wide range of plate welding fields, such as for structural and construction machinery. The model features internalized components such as torches and cables, making welding robots more viable in narrow spaces. It also allows for tandem welding.
REGARC™-equipped Structural Welding Systems
Reduced costs and improved quality!
The REGARC™ is a groundbreaking welding process technology that can significantly reduce spatter and fumes, even with a high current, using CO2 arc welding. REGARC™-equipped structural welding systems achieve high-efficiency and high-quality welding with low spatter.
Aluminum Sheet and Coils for Automotive Closure Panels
50% market share in Japan!
Due to increased demand for lighter cars, the use of aluminum for engine hoods and other applications is increasing. has capitalized on expertise and engineering capabilities amassed over many years to capture about 50 percent of the market in Japan.
Aluminum Forgings for Automotive Suspensions
Top market share in Japan!
Weight reduction needs have led to higher use of aluminum in suspension systems. has the leading market share in Japan for aluminum forgings, which are over 40 percent lighter than conventional forgings.
Aluminum Shapes for Rolling Stock
Top market share in Japan!
Aluminum shapes are used in the bodies of rolling stock.offers various shapes to meet customers’need for weight savings and is Japan’s top supplier of shapes for rolling stock.Recently, our aluminum shapes have been adopted in the UK.
Aluminum Bottle Can Stock
70% market share in Japan!
holds a more than 30-percent market share for aluminum beverage can stock in Japan. Furthermore, holds an approximately 70-percent share for aluminum bottle can stock, which requires complex processing.
60% share of world market!
Aluminum disks are used as substrate materials for hard disk drives for desk top computers and data centers,which require a high level of quality. is the leading manufacturer of aluminum disks,holding approximately 60 percent of the world market share.
Copper Alloys and Plating for Automotive Terminals and Connectors
Top market share in Japan!
Copper alloys for automotive terminals and connectors are utilized in the wire harnesses often referred to as the nerves of an automobile. With about 30 percent of the market, boasts the top share for such alloys in Japan. Our CAC®5 and CAC®60 alloys contribute to increased miniaturization and improved performance through new reflow plating offering unprecedentedly low insertion force and high contact reliability.
50% of market share, worldwide!
Compared with other types of compressors, screw compressors offer high compression ratios and efficiency, as well as high energy savings through excellent response to load fluctuations. manufactured the first screw compressor in Japan in 1956 and has been supplying compressors to large plants ever since. holds 50 percent of the world market share.
Emeraude Standard Compressors
With numerous industry-first features, Steel’s standard compressors boast unparalleled specs and energy efficiency. The Emeraude is our most representative standard compressor model, possessing one of the leading market shares in Japan.
Microbinary Generators
Compact and efficient!
We supply compact, highly efficient microbinary power generation systems, capable of generating electricity from heat sources of around 100°These generators are being adopted for effective utilization of unused heat sources, such as factory waste heat and hot spring waters, as well as for generation from wood biomass.
Microchannel heat exchangers (DCHE)
Leading results in Japan!
Through processing, lamination and diffusion bonding ofstainless and other plates, we create high-strengthheat exchangers with heat transfers surface areas of1000 m2/m3 or more by volume.
Compact and with exceptional thermal conductivity,these heat exchangers are used in applications such ashydrogenfueling stations and marine facilities.
Rubber Mixers
40% share of world market!
is a leading manufacturer of rubber mixers, which are indispensable for the production of tires and rubber products.Our rubber mixers account for 40 percent of the global market share. Our state-ofthe-art technology, which offers exceptional mixing as well as high productivity and energy efficiency, has garnered praise worldwide.
World’s most widely used process!
Developed by Midrex Technologies, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Steel, the MIDREX® Process utilizes natural gas to make direct reduced iron. As the world’s leading direct reduction process, it is used in over 70 plants worldwide, particularly in the Middle East.
New, original seawall technology!
Steel’s original seawall technology helps to reduce overtopping and minimize damage from high waves, such as from typhoons. The gentle flare helps to break waves and dampen their force. The flared seawalls eliminate the need for the high seawalls and wave dissipating concrete blocks that are commonly used, better preserving scenery and sandy beaches. Due to the technology’s ability to protect coastal regions, demand is expected to grow nationwide.
Grid-Type Sabo Dams for Erosion Control
Top supplier in Japan!
Grid-type sabo dams minimize impact on the environment, maintaining safety by intercepting debris and driftwood arising from floods, but without blocking the passage of water and fish during normal times. is the top supplier in Japan of these dams, greatly contributing to disaster prevention and environmental conservation.
Water Treatment Facilities
Full lineup!
leading manufacturer in the field of water treatment, Kobelco Eco-Solutions offers a full lineup of water treatment products, including water and sewage treatment facilities, industrial water and wastewater treatment facilities, sludge treatment facilities and pure/ultra-pure water production facilities. Kobelco Eco-Solutions is also a supplier of pure and ultrapure water and is expanding sales in this area.
Sewage Biogas City Gas Pipe Injection Facility
Effective utilization of biogases!
Together with local authorities and gas suppliers, Kobelco Eco-Solutions developed a city gas facility capable of refining gas from sewage sludge to the same quality as city gas. In October 2010, Kobelco Eco-Solutions began injecting biogas into city gas pipes. Biogas is a combustible gas produced from methane fermentation of biomass solids such as sewage and food scraps. carbon-neutral energy source, biogas has aroused significant interest for its potential to reduce dependence on fossil fuels.
Fluidized-Bed Gasification and Melting Furnaces
Environmentally friendly melting furnaces!
These furnaces offer environment-friendly treatment, utilizing the energy found in waste to carry out everything from incineration to ash melting (reduction/slagging), thus reducing both landfill and CO2.
Detoxification Facilities
Safe detoxification!
Metallic sodium dispersion (process), solvent extraction decomposition (process) and plasma melting decomposition methods (which can simultaneously treat a wide variety of wastes) are utilized at waste treatment facilities in locations throughout the country.
Hybrid Hydraulic Excavators
The world’s first hybrid hydraulic excavator with a lithium-ion battery!
Having begun R&in 1999, Kobelco Construction Machinery created the world’s first hybrid hydraulic excavator in 2006. It later came out with 8-ton and 20-ton class models, and in November 2016 released the SK200H, a state-of-the-art 20-ton class hybrid hydraulic excavator that makes full use of a high-capacity, lithium-ion battery, which is an industry first. With fuel consumption up to 19 percent lower, the excavator can handle workloads that are 10 percent higher. The SK200is the pride of Kobelco and the flagship machine in its product lineup. Kobelco is committed to providing higher product value to customers based on the concept of “Power Meets Efficiency.”
TK-Series Telescopic Boom Crawler Cranes
High transport performance
Kobelco Construction Machinery’s Series of Telescopic Boom Crawler Cranes have garnered strong praise from customers for many years. In June 2017 a new model, the TK-Series, was released for sale in Japan. The Series is durable enough for hard foundation construction work, features a compact layout for superior operability, and the ability to hoist to tall heights—but with a transport width of less than three meters.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyMedium- to Long-term Business Vision of the Group
Medium- to Long-term Business Vision of the Group
April 5, 2016 - The Group's Fiscal 2016-2020 Medium-Term Business Plan
Adobe Reader is requied in order to view a file.
Click the banner below to download Adobe Reader.
The copyrights pertaining to all information (including but not limited to the documents, images, illustrations, videos, sounds, design, and software) on this website are the property of the Company or other parties.
While the Company makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website, the Company is not responsible for the accuracy, availability, safety of the information on this website.
The Company reserves the right to alter at any time without prior notice the elements of this website, including but not limited to the information, structure, and contents. The Company also reserves the right to interrupt or discontinue the operation of this website at any time without prior notice.
DIRECT, USE, COMPANY'ALTERATION, WEBSITE.
Information on this website such as values, photographs, evaluation is listed for the purpose of explaining the general features and performance of our products only, and it does not guarantee anything as a result.
The company may on this website provide links to other websites operated by other entities. In using these websites, you are requested to understand the other parties' terms and conditions and the privacy policies.
While other entities provide website links to this website, it does not indicate the fact that the other entities and the Company have special relationships including but not limited to alliances, rights and obligations.
By using this website, you are prohibited from engaging in the following acts:
Using or copying this website or any part of the information on this website for any commercial purpose other than to transact business with the Company;
Accessing portions of this website not intended for access by the general public;
Attempting to test the vulnerability of a system or breach security or authentication measures;
Sending any viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other harmful or potentially harmful items to the Company;
Any activities that harm the reputation of the Company or other entities
websites that abuse the Company, the Company's products, services, executives or employees
websites providing information that is or can be unlawful;
websites providing information that is or can be against public order and standards of decency;
websites using a frame or other means to disguise the fact that the displayed content is from this website
any other websites which the Company deems inappropriate
Any other activities which are unlawful or prohibited by any applicable laws; and
Any other activities that the Company deems inappropriate.
Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction
The use of this website and any other matters regarding this website shall be governed by the laws of Japan unless otherwise expressly stipulated. All controversies and disputes arising out of or in relation to this website shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the District Court in Hyogo, Japan as the court of first instance.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie Policy日本語
About Message from the President and CEO
Directors and Executive Officers
Corporate Code of Ethics
Overseas Group Companies
Lightens the Car
supports in Super Series
Core Values of Next 100 Project
Quality Charter
Integrated Report
Corporate Social Responsibility
The Group’s Approach to CSR
Basic Environmental Management Policy
Share with Twitter
© STEEL, 1995-2019Stakeholder Engagement
The Group aims to deepen its bonds of trust with all stakeholders by proactively and properly disclosing information, engaging in two-way communication, and conducting corporate activities in accordance with the Core Values of and the Six Pledges of Men and Women.
In our stratified companywide training for managers and new employees, we conduct training on the importance of creating sound working environments that are free from discrimination and encourage respect for human rights in the course of our corporate activities. The training includes the dissemination of the Corporate Ethical Principles and Standards of Corporate Conduct.
Additionally, we familiarize employees with the Guidelines for Employee Conduct, encourage employees to respect human rights when conducting themselves, raise awareness of human rights through training at our various business locations, and strive to prevent human rights issues before they occur.
Initiatives to Prevent Harassment
To create a work environment where it is difficult for harassment to occur and to provide an early resolution when it does occur, we provide education and training as well as e-learning for managers and raise awareness by distributing compliance manuals such as the Manual to Prevent Sexual Harassment. We have also established a point of contact for sexual harassment consultation with trained staff in charge.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyClose to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyOutline of KOBELCO
Across a wide variety of fields, KOBELCO's products are used throughout everyday life and society. In places you wouldn't even think of, is a part of your life.
Here's a short introduction to KOBELCO.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyClose to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyElectric
Steel, Ltd. announces that a lawsuit has been filed against and its 100% owned subsidiary, Kobelco Power No. 2, Inc. (hereinafter, the Companies) at District Court on September 14, 2018 and that the Companies have received a service of complaint today.
The lawsuit concerns the Power Plant's No. 3 unit and No. 4 unit (hereinafter, the new power plant) currently under construction at 2, Nadahama Higashicho, Nada-ku, Kobe, Hyogo Prefecture (within Steel's Works).
1. Circumstances leading to the causes and raising of the lawsuit
The Companies undertook environmental impact assessment procedures for the plan to establish the new power plant (procedures completed on June 25, 2018 with the end of the public inspection period for the environmental impact assessment report), as well as made efforts to provide information and explanations in order to gain the understanding of the parties involved, including the residents of the immediate area. At this time unfortunately, a lawsuit demanding injunctions on the construction of the new power plant, etc. has been filed from those who claim that by living in the vicinity of the planned construction site for the new power plant, they will suffer from the operation of the new facility.
40 people who live in the vicinity of the new power plant
The plaintiffs claim that the operation of the new power plant will cause air pollution and global warming (climate change) and consequently violates their personal rights. The plaintiffs demand injunctions on the construction of the new power plant, etc. by the Companies and one other company.
The new power plant will implement the highest levels of environmental measures and comply with the environmental preservation agreement concluded, based on the Ordinance to Protect Citizens'  Environment, as well as play a role as an urban power plant in harmony with the local community. In line with Japan's policy, the new power plant will contribute to maintaining a highly efficiency source of power with low transmission loss from a power supply location close to the power demand areas of and the Hanshin area, in addition to installing ultra-supercritical pressure power generation equipment, the state-of-the-art power generation technology. The Companies consider that through the stable, economical supply of electric power, the Companies will be able to further contribute to the growth of the region. The Companies believe that the plaintiffs do not have reasons for their claims, and in the future, the Companies'  policy is to respond appropriately to the lawsuit by making a claim in court.
The effect of this lawsuit on Group's business performance is unclear at this time. In the case that items for disclosure should arise in the future, will promptly make a disclosure.
(Note) The information on this web site is presented "as is." Product availability, organization, and other content may differ from the time the information was originally posted. Changes may take place without notice.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyManagement
Formulating the medium- to long-term business vision, “G,” in fiscal 2010, Steel, Ltd. has been actively expanding overseas and working to create products and services that only the Group can offer.
In addition, the second phase of “G,” the Fiscal 2013-2015 Medium-Term Business Plan, served to start the rebuilding of the company’s business base. The plan focused on strengthening profitability primarily in the business and improving the financial performance of the Group. To steadily lay the groundwork for stable profits and business growth, commenced reforming the structure of its business, strategically expanding the machinery businesses, and growing the electric power supply business.
Along with the Fiscal 2016-2020 Group Medium-Term Management Plan, will start initiatives for a new vision called “G+” (pronounced “plus”). The new vision aims to further strengthen the Group’s growth strategy centered on the three core business areas of materials, machinery and electric power to establish a solid business enterprise. plans to focus its management resources in growing fields anticipated to expand over the medium to long term such as weight savings in transportation as well as energy and infrastructure. plans to increase the original added value of the Group. By achieving a strong competitive edge, aims to expand and grow its businesses, while contributing to society.
2. Growth Strategy for the Three Core Business Areas
2.1.1. Initiatives for Weight Savings in Transportation
With fuel consumption and CO2 regulations becoming stricter in the automotive field, the need for lighter automobiles is anticipated to grow in the future, while enhanced safety requirements are increasing. In addition to raising the competitiveness of ultra-high strength and aluminum, noted for their outstanding balance of weight savings and cost, plans to expand its share of the global market and firmly secure growth in the automotive field, leveraged by its original solution technologies (the joining of dissimilar metals, etc.) for multi-materials.
Strategic investments in Japan and overseas
will consider strategic investments on the scale of 100 billion yen to strengthen mother factories in Japan, the source of its competitiveness, and growth initiatives in overseas markets (North America and China).
In the aerospace field, which is expected to grow, plans to strengthen upstream operations (melting, forging and casting) for its titanium, aluminum and magnesium products. It will also promote research and development necessary for entry and expansion into downstream operations (machining, surface treatment and painting). By establishing an integrated system for upstream and downstream operations, will be able to meet user needs by building a complete supply chain in Japan, aiming to become a supplier with a presence in Asia.
2.1.2. Improving Profits in the Business (Profit Improvement Effect from Fiscal 2015 to Fiscal 2020)
In addition to consolidating upstream operations to Kakogawa Works in fiscal 2017 (cost reductions of 15 billion yen per year or more), plans to implement additional profit improvement and on-site cost reductions (over 30 billion yen per year). Together with growth in the transportation field (over 25 billion yen), these initiatives are expected to increase profits.
To expand the compressor business, plans to enter the market for large-sized centrifugal compressors in the nonstandard compressor business. (plans to open one of the world’s largest test facilities in April 2017 for this purpose.) In addition, plans to expand its standard compressor business through global development, strengthened product competitiveness and strengthened manufacturing infrastructure, aiming to establish a position as the top group in Asia.
In the hydrogen-related business, aims to strengthen its competitiveness in the domestic and overseas markets and expand sales of units for hydrogen stations by constructing a comprehensive test center for hydrogen stations and carrying out demonstration tests on hydrogen stations to establish differentiated technologies.
In the Chinese excavator business, plans to take decisive action on structural change to strengthen profitability by reviewing production capacity and promoting cross sourcing by reviewing the functions of two locations (supplying machines and components in Japan, the United States and Southeast Asia and maintaining capacity utilization). In April 2016, the excavator factory starts up. Sales are anticipated to expand in Europe, the United States and India. In addition, through the merger of Kobelco Construction Machinery and Kobelco Cranes on April 1, 2016, aims to establish a strong business base and a company with a global presence. (Global market share for excavators: 10%. Global market share for small to medium-sized crawler cranes: 40%. Global market share for large-sized crawler cranes: 15%.)
plans to continue the stable operation of its current business, Kobelco Power Kobe, Inc., and proceed with two new power generation projects in Moka and Kobe. In fiscal 2022, will have a total power generation capacity of 3.95 million kW, establishing a stable profit base.
3. Strengthening the Business Base
plans to transition to a company with an audit and supervisory committee, review the members of the board of directors, establish independent outside directors meetings, and strengthen the business execution system to strengthen corporate governance.
Promoting diversity and implementing changes in working styles, will focus on creating a safe, employee-friendly working environment. In addition, aims to secure and cultivate employees who will drive growth in the Group.
3.3. Strengthening Technology Development Capabilities and Manufacturing Capabilities
plans to undertake the creation of products and processes that provide customer value through differentiated technologies that strengthen the competitiveness of major products and in the automotive, aerospace and energy fields. In addition, by strengthening product quality, on-site capabilities and data utilization, plans to strengthen its production infrastructure and raise the level of its monozukuri-ryoku (manufacturing capabilities).
4. Financial Strategy
In principle, the basic policy is to finance large strategic investments and regular investments that support the business base by business cash flows. However, to maintain financial discipline when the business environment worsens, while steadily carrying out growth investments, will consider cash generation measures such as asset sales targeting a maximum of 100 billion yen, improvements in working capital and other measures.
3. Forecast made in the third-quarter financial results announcement (February 2, 2016)
Dividend Policy
Steel’s basic policy is to provide continuous and stable dividends to its shareholders. Dividends are decided taking into account the Company’s financial condition, future capital needs, the business performance of each quarter, and dividend payout ratio.
For the time being, priority will be placed on investments necessary for future growth to improve profitability, raise the overall corporate value of the Group, and thereby improve the common interest of shareholders.
For the time being, the consolidated payout ratio is aimed at 15 to 25 percent.
1. Iron & Strengthening the profitability of the products business by strengthening safety and production infrastructure and successfully completing the consolidation of upstream operations, as well as through the accumulation of profit improvement measures
Promotion of product strategies for products centered on the transportation field (automobiles) and strengthening of the global supply system (start of production of special wire rod in Thailand, achieving maximum sales volume by increasing sales of high strength sheet in North America and China)
Promotion of growth strategies of processed materials by leveraging the product appeal and strength of castings and forgings, titanium and powder centered on the transportation field (ships, airplanes and automobiles)
Maintaining a dominant share in the domestic market by strengthening regional and marketing activities, expanding sales to the shipbuilding industry and in frame applications
Strengthening the and China businesses by launching new products that match market needs and improving sales capabilities
Pursuit of the solution business by promoting the development of basic elemental technologies and initiatives for automation in welding in shipbuilding and frames
Pursuit of growth in the transportation field (automotive panels, suspensions, bumpers, castings and forgings for aerospace, automotive copper strip, etc.)
Strengthening and maintaining current core businesses (can stock, disk materials)
Strengthening the business base by improving technological excellence and monozukuri-ryoku (manufacturing capabilities)
Expansion of the nonstandard compressor business through entry into new fields (large-sized centrifugal compressors) and new applications (carriers, hydrogen)
Expansion of the standard compressor business through the launching of global strategic products and development in Asia
Pursuit of a high profit structure in the industrial machinery business by strengthening cost competitiveness and optimizing the product mix
Strengthening initiatives in the waste treatment business associated with the decommissioning of nuclear reactors
Increasing orders in the water treatment- and waste treatment-related businesses and strengthening profitability
Strengthening initiatives directed at the creation of new businesses
Further coordination of the engineering business in the Group
Implementation of structural reforms in the China business for excavators
Business development and supply of products and solutions through organic coordination in business fields that utilize (information and communications technology)
Maintaining a presence in the small and medium-sized markets for crawler cranes. Establishment of a business base in the re-entered large-sized crane market.
Continuing the stable operation of the current business and securing stable profits
Completion of the Moka project and smooth start-up of operations
Steady implementation of the project
(Note) The information on this web site is presented "as is." Product availability, organization, and other content may differ from the time the information was originally posted. Changes may take place without notice.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyKOBELCO: The Group Brand of is the unified brand name of the Group.
The Group offers distinctive, trustworthy products and technologies in a wide variety of fields, including iron and steel, welding, aluminum and copper, machinery, engineering, construction machinery and electric power
In fiscal 2016 we embarked on "G+," a vision to establish a solid business enterprise based on the three core areas of materials, machinery and electric power.
The entire Group strives to ensure that people throughout the world recognize as the brand of a trustworthy corporate group.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyCore Values of Next 100 Project
Steel, Ltd. announces the launching of the Core Values of Next 100 Project, which looks at the next 100 years. The Group intends to unite all employees and create a better corporate group, namely an attractive corporate group full of pride and passion. Aiming to achieve sustainable development, the Group began this project in April, the start of fiscal 2017.
Under its medium-term management vision “G+” unveiled last year, the Group has started a medium-term management plan to establish three core business areas centered on materials, machinery and electric power. is currently undertaking numerous strategic initiatives to realize its goals. The plan has reached the implementation stage, an important phase.
has also embarked on work style reform, diversity promotion and other initiatives.
Under these circumstances, it is important to once again share the same values that form the core of the entire Group and unify the understanding of all members of the Group. As a result, has returned to its Corporate Philosophy established in 2006 and has begun initiatives to once again instill awareness of these values among all Group members and for all members to share these values.
The Corporate Philosophy applies to all corporate activities, including corporate social responsibility (CSR), compliance, safety, quality control and other aspects. Instilling the Corporate Philosophy within and outside the Group, aims to increase the sustainable development of the Group and improve its corporate values.
To clarify the philosophy of the Group, has decided to call the Corporate Philosophy the “Core Values of KOBELCO.” The core values are the commitments of the Group to society and express the values shared by the entire Group.
In addition, to fulfill these commitments, has newly established the “Six Pledges of Men and Women,” which all employees must uphold. The Six Pledges of Men and Women are concrete actions to achieve the Core Values of and define the conduct that each employee must follow.
Based on the Core Values of and the Six Pledges of Men and Women, the Group aims to promote the sustainable development of the Group, as well as contribute to society.
1. We provide technologies, products and services that win the trust and confidence of our customers we serve and the society in which we live.
2. We value each employee and support his and her growth on an individual basis, while creating a cooperative and harmonious environment.
3. Through continuous and innovative changes, we create new values for the society of which we are a member.
Six Pledges of Men and Women
We, the men and women of KOBELCO, in the spirit of honoring Core Values of KOBELCO, make the following Six Pledges:
1. Heightened Sense of Ethics and Professionalism
We not only follow the laws, corporate rules and societal norms, but also conduct our corporate activity in a fair and sound manner with the highest sense of ethics and professionalism.
2. Contribution to the Society by Providing Superior Products and Services
Guided by our "Quality Charter", we provide safe, sound, and innovative products and services to our customers, and thereby ensure customer satisfaction and contribute to the advancement of the society.
Quality Charter
The Group will comply with all laws, public standards, and customer specifications, and make continuous efforts to improve quality, with the goal of providing Trusted Quality in our products and services.
We provide a safe and comfortable work environment, and we value each employee’s character, personality and diversity, and provide each employee with a challenging work experience so as to allow each employee to use his and her fullest capability.
4. Living in Harmony with Local Community
We make efforts to be a good “corporate citizen” in each local community which serves as the base for our group.
5. Contribution to a Sustainable Environment
We aim to build a richer and more sustainable world, and we conduct environmentally friendly manufacturing and contribute to the betterment of the natural environment through our technologies, products and services.
We respect all of our stakeholders, including customers, business associates, employees and shareholders, as our colleagues and build good and sound relationships with all of them.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyQuality Charter
Quality Charter
Quality Charter
The Group will comply with all laws, public standards, and customer specifications, and make continuous efforts to improve quality, with the goal of providing Trusted Quality in our products and services.
In October 2017, we announced that misconduct affecting product quality had occurred at a number of our divisions. This misconduct caused problems for and had a substantial impact on society particularly our customers. Learning a lesson from this incident, we have adopted the Quality Charter. Its purpose is to elucidate our views on quality, which underlies the Core Values of KOBELCO, our company philosophy, and the Pledges of KOBELCO, our code of ethics. The Quality Charter declares those views to a wide range of our stakeholders and engraves them on the hearts of all of our Group’s employees as shared values.
Quality is not something that can be created by a single department. We have a heightened awareness that quality is achievable only when all of the divisions in the company pull together, and we will review and reinforce our efforts towards quality.
Safety and health, as well as environmental preservation and disaster prevention, always come first. Quality takes priority over everything else when products and services are provided to our customers. When considering quality, delivery deadlines, and costs of products and services, a company must, in principle, act to satisfy all of them. When the balance among the three is not feasible, however, we will give the highest priority to quality because delivery deadlines and costs by no means take precedence over quality.
The Quality Assurance Department will always be aware, and act on the recognition, that it is the linchpin of the company’s commitment to preventing nonconforming products from being delivered to our customers regardless of the circumstances.
The Group will continue to work tirelessly to improve quality. All employees will strive to improve themselves and explore what they can do to deliver the highest customer satisfaction.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyIn the tumultuous 20th century along with Japan’s modern history, made its mark by forging its own path.  In 2005, we celebrated our centennial anniversary and are looking forward to the next 100 years. Read on to learn what we’ve accomplished.
Our history began in September 1905 when Suzuki Shoten, a trading firm, acquired a business called Kobayashi Seikosho in Wakinohama, Kobe. That business became Seikosho, now known as Steel, Ltd.  In 1926, we completed Japan’s first cement plant and in 1930 produced Japan’s first electric mining shovel.  Over the next four decades, we steadily solidified our position as a manufacturer.  However, by the end of World War in 1945, air strikes had left our factories throughout Japan heavily damaged.
In 1951, when Japan was still getting back on its feet after World War II, we were the first in Japan to produce titanium and pioneered the industrial application of this metal.  In 1959, the No. 1 Blast Furnace at Works was fired, turning into an integrated steelmaker. In 1970, the Kakogawa Works was completed, broadening our product line-up to include wire rod, bar, plate and sheet.  Along with Japan’s high growth, KOBELCO, too, grew bigger and became a diversified enterprise encompassing steel, nonferrous metals and machinery.
From the 1960s, we began to expand overseas. In 1960, we opened our first overseas location, an office in New York City.  In 1962, completed a fertilizer plant in East Pakistan, currently Bangladesh.  This was Japan’s first plant export.  The 1970s saw an acceleration in our global activities with the establishment of companies and offices in Southeast Asia, the Middle East, the United States and China.  Overseas activities and our diversified businesses gained momentum. It was at this time that became an international mark of Steel.
In January 1995, the Great Hanshin-Awaji Earthquake struck western Japan.  The quake caused tremendous damage to us. Our Head Office was completely destroyed and one of our blast furnaces, the heart of a steelworks, had to be shut down.  However, we weren’t beaten.  Two and a half months later, the blast furnace went back into operation and production quickly returned to normal.   We became Japan’s largest wholesale supplier of electricity with the start-up of the No. 1 Power Plant at Shinko Power Station in 2002 and the No. 2 Power Plant in 2004.  Continuing to go forward, we further expanded our overseas locations.  In 2005, we celebrated our 100th anniversary.  Overcoming turbulent times over the past century, is moving ahead into the future.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyCreating “Distinctive Products & Technologies” in Diverse Fields - The Nine Business Domains of the Group
Consisting of products, castings and forgings,titanium, powder and wholesale power supply business divisions, the Iron and Business makes every effort to strengthen monozukuri-ryoku, or its manufacturing capabilities, focusing on improvements in productivity and cost competitiveness. In tandem, the business promotes the global development of “Distinctive Products & Technologies” as well as a shift to areas of growing demand.
In addition, Kobelco Power Kobe, Inc. works to maintain a stable wholesale power supply structure with a maximum power generation capacity of 1.4 million kilowatts.
Heavy plate, medium plate and sheet (hot-rolled, coldrolled, surface treated)
The Welding Business offers a diverse range of welding products and services, providing comprehensive welding solutions that encompass welding consumables, power sources and welding systems. While firmly maintaining its No. 1 position in the Asian market, seeks to expand even further overseas, on its way to becoming a top global manufacturer in the welding industry.
Aluminum & Copper Business
The Aluminum and Copper Business is working to strengthen and expand its distinctive products by positioning the automotive and industries as key fields. As Japan’s top-class maker of aluminum and copper products, is reinforcing its overseas development based on its technologies and reliability developed over many years' time.
Automotive aluminum sheet
Aluminum-alloy and magnesium-alloy castings and forgings
Fabricated aluminum products
Machinery Business
The Machinery Business offers a broad product range, including industrial machinery, compressors, and equipment for the energy and nuclear power fields. is creating original products and technologies to meet global demand in environmental, energy, automobile and other growth markets. At the same time, the Company has taken steps to boost its manufacturing capabilities and to build an optimal production structure.
Equipment for energy and chemical fields
Tire and rubber machinery
Metalworking machinery
Internal combustion engines
Backed by a wealth of experience, the Engineering Business offers equipment manufacturing and plant engineering services in the ironmaking and energy fields. leads the world in both direct reduction (DR) processes and the development of new ironmaking technology that eliminate the need for blast furnaces. While aggressively pursuing business development globally, aims to expand earnings.
Ironmaking plants (direct reduction)
Nuclear power-related plants
Industrial water, water and sewage plants and equipment
Ultrapure and pure water, industrial water and waste water treatment equipment
Recycling plants for processing organic waste materials such as sewage sludge and foodstuffs
Industrial cooling towers and cooling towers for district heating and cooling
Municipal waste incineration and melting plants
Recycling facilities for bulky waste
waste treatment facilities
Powder processing equipment
As a manufacturer of hydraulic excavators, Kobelco Construction Machinery Co., Ltd. develops innovative products with a focus on low-noise, fuel-efficient equipment and responds to a diverse range of customer needs.
Our power supply business began in fiscal 2002 and contributes to the stable supply of electricity for the region. We are also currently pursuing plans to construct additional plants.
Other Businesses
The Group has developed a variety of businesses, including real estate and electronics materials, as part of its Other Businesses segment.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie Policy～is the name you can trust～
is the unified brand of the Group. Nurturing a sense of unity across the Group, the brand is the banner that contributes to expanding the Group's global business.
As a name you can trust, KOBELCO, representing the Group, is responsive to society's needs and is supported the world over by its stakeholders. As moves forward, so too is the brand growing through commercials, advertisements and other promotional activities.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyMessage from the President and CEO
Message from the President and CEO
am Mitsugu Yamaguchi and became President and on April 1, 2018.
To begin, once again deeply apologize for the trouble that the Group has caused to our customers, suppliers, shareholders and many other people in connection with the misconduct that took place in our company.
With the cooperation of our customers, am placing my highest priority on verifying the safety of our products.  will take the lead and devote my energy, together with all of our officers and employees, to our efforts to carry out the measures that will prevent a recurrence.  My biggest mission is to push forward with fundamental reforms to our governance and corporate culture.  take to heart the essential task of regaining trust in the Group. By transforming into a corporate entity truly committed to full compliance, we aim to achieve lasting growth.
The Group has been implementing a medium-term management plan focused on growth strategies for its three core business areas of materials, machinery and electric power.  We will continue to carry out this plan to reach our goals.
The trend toward weight savings in vehicles against the backdrop of growing environmental regulation worldwide is a favorable tailwind for our company.  We believe we can demonstrate great strengths in this area by virtue of our steel, aluminum and copper products, our welding solutions and technologies, and more.  In addition, we will accelerate efforts in our Machinery Business to prepare for growing demand in the future including the strategic expansion of the compressor business and the hydrogen business. Our Electric Power Business is positioned as a stable revenue base, and we will steadily move forward with new projects to strengthen that business.
believe the company can take a big step forward in governance, management and processes related to quality by thoroughly rectifying what must be changed and overcoming the challenges that confront us.
Monozukuri is our livelihood and is based on outstanding quality rooted in strong principles and excellent technologies.  By steadily carrying out measures to prevent future misconduct, and by supplying products of reliable quality, we will strive to regain trust.  To show that has fundamentally changed, we will tackle our reforms with unwavering resolve. thank our customers, employees and others for their continued support and encouragement.
Mitsugu Yamaguchi
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyWe’ve added new corporate videos. The videos introduce our businesses, technologies, products, program and other corporate activities. They also include a history of the Group and showcase our global growth.
Over a two-week period, we visited 12 locations in the Group and shot footage in ultra high definition with a 4video camera.
Long version  (12 min, 11 s)
Short version (3 min, 4 s)
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyClose to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyClose to Continue
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyIntegrated Report
Integrated Report
We have published the Group Integrated Report 2018, which covers fiscal 2017 (ended March 31, 2018).
The Group places importance on dialogue with all of its stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, customers and business partners. On these lines, decided to publish an Integrated Report, beginning in fiscal 2018, for the purpose of providing a comprehensive understanding of the economic and social value created by the Group through its management strategies, business activities, social activities and environmental activities.
We hope this report will lead to a greater understanding among all our stakeholders of the Group's endeavors to restore trust and sustain growth.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyMessage from the President and CEO
Message from the President and CEO
am Mitsugu Yamaguchi and became President and on April 1, 2018.
To begin, once again deeply apologize for the trouble that the Group has caused to our customers, suppliers, shareholders and many other people in connection with the misconduct that took place in our company.
With the cooperation of our customers, am placing my highest priority on verifying the safety of our products.  will take the lead and devote my energy, together with all of our officers and employees, to our efforts to carry out the measures that will prevent a recurrence.  My biggest mission is to push forward with fundamental reforms to our governance and corporate culture.  take to heart the essential task of regaining trust in the Group. By transforming into a corporate entity truly committed to full compliance, we aim to achieve lasting growth.
The Group has been implementing a medium-term management plan focused on growth strategies for its three core business areas of materials, machinery and electric power.  We will continue to carry out this plan to reach our goals.
The trend toward weight savings in vehicles against the backdrop of growing environmental regulation worldwide is a favorable tailwind for our company.  We believe we can demonstrate great strengths in this area by virtue of our steel, aluminum and copper products, our welding solutions and technologies, and more.  In addition, we will accelerate efforts in our Machinery Business to prepare for growing demand in the future including the strategic expansion of the compressor business and the hydrogen business. Our Electric Power Business is positioned as a stable revenue base, and we will steadily move forward with new projects to strengthen that business.
believe the company can take a big step forward in governance, management and processes related to quality by thoroughly rectifying what must be changed and overcoming the challenges that confront us.
Monozukuri is our livelihood and is based on outstanding quality rooted in strong principles and excellent technologies.  By steadily carrying out measures to prevent future misconduct, and by supplying products of reliable quality, we will strive to regain trust.  To show that has fundamentally changed, we will tackle our reforms with unwavering resolve. thank our customers, employees and others for their continued support and encouragement.
Mitsugu Yamaguchi
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie PolicyIntegrated Report
Integrated Report
We have published the Group Integrated Report 2018, which covers fiscal 2017 (ended March 31, 2018).
The Group places importance on dialogue with all of its stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, customers and business partners. On these lines, decided to publish an Integrated Report, beginning in fiscal 2018, for the purpose of providing a comprehensive understanding of the economic and social value created by the Group through its management strategies, business activities, social activities and environmental activities.
We hope this report will lead to a greater understanding among all our stakeholders of the Group's endeavors to restore trust and sustain growth.
This website uses cookies for the purpose of measurement and analysis of access status. It is considered as agreement to use of cookies if you would agree to such use of cookies or continue browsing this website. Please note that you would be able to control the use of cookies by taking prescribed procedures. For more details, please click the following link:  >Cookie Policy