is unlocking the power of digital transformation in business and in life. We make businesses run faster, governments run smarter and give consumers what they want before they know they want it.
See where we've come from - and where we’re taking you.
Creating new solutions that inspire creativity and bring people together
True digital transformation demands dramatic change—new ways of thinking for a new era. embraces change and discovers innovative ways to think about what’s possible. Our custom solutions uniquely combine imaging science, artificial intelligence and advanced process automation to turn clutter into clarity and data into power. That’s how we’re bringing digital transformation to business and life—transforming the present and inventing the future.
Inspiring people with the creative tools to share life's moments.
Foundry Named to 20 Top Banking Technology Solution Providers by CIOReview Magazine
Maia Mosillo of Recognized as One of CRN’s 2018 Women of the Channel
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.is a privately held global technology company that’s delivering the future—now. Born from Kodak, one of the world’s most trusted imaging brands, we’re pushing the boundaries with a new vision for a new era.
Through our vast expertise in image science and advanced process automation, we’re unlocking the power of digital transformation. Our patented systems combine breakthrough technologies, artificial intelligence, machine learning and human know-how. We propel businesses and governments forward by turning data into powerful, actionable insights.
Fueled by our heritage, we’re bringing our vision, innovation and digital solutions to the next generation of professional and amateur photographers. Our reach spans specialty films, advanced film processing labs, consumer photo-printing kiosks, a thriving global sharing community —and more ways than ever for people to preserve their most cherished memories.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.Careers
We're focused on building a global and diverse workforce that delivers value to our customers every day. It's the most important asset we have.
See how a few members of the team are putting their skills and passion to work.
truly is a melting pot of #innovation. After reading an article in Bloomberg about our new Marc Jourlait and Alaris’ focus on technology innovation, knew wanted to work for an organization that’s leading the future of the industry. As a natural innovator, felt right at home because of our constant desire to push into new areas. love being able to contribute ideas that drive towards our common goal.
would label myself as a #gogetter, but enjoy that gives me the ability to balance my work and home life. Fortunately, the work culture provides ample opportunities to expand my skills and stay at the top of my game.
Research Scientist in Moments and member of the Office of the CTO
Being a Research Scientist with allows me to be #creative and #resourceful. In fact, I’ve contributed to 228 patents to date, and received the Eastman “President’s Award” for reaching the 200 patent milestone in 2014. love seeing our inventions turn into products and really enjoy managing and developing our extensive intellectual property portfolio.
My favorite part of being on the team is helping my teammates acquire patents. Our team is instrumental in helping to drive #profitability and #growth, and we’re always eager to step up and take on difficult tasks. And when I’m not inventing, you can find me at my cottage on Keuka Lake.
love working for a place that is so #innovative, #dynamic and #exciting. As Director, help to provide the information technology solutions that enable to execute our business processes. The challenge of creating an landscape for was a big reason chose to work here, and am continuously driven by the challenges presented to me daily.
would consider myself to be #committed, #humble and #analytical, which was beneficial in leading our amazing and business teams to the successful global implementation of our complex system. If you’re looking to join a team dedicated, intelligent individuals, you won’t find a better group than the team we have here.
Director of Global Business Operations, The opportunity to work for a company with a rich history and a chance to play a role in its successful #transformation, what more could you want? As Director of Global Business Operations, lead and work with an incredibly talented and dedicated team of people who manage critical sales and business operations processes. We are a #proud, #dynamic, #diverse group that values teamwork and drives results.
My favorite part of working at is the continuous challenge. No two days are the same, but our #collaborative team is united and determined to always deliver. believe that success comes from understanding all aspects of our business, and that is important for to play a part in the success of our local communities. 
is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.Locations
Our presence spans the world—with headquarters in both the and As a truly international company, we’re able to build face-to-face relationships with customers on every continent.
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.Contact Us
We’re ready to put digital transformation into action—with custom solutions designed to propel your business into the next era. Have questions? Let’s get started. 
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.Actionable Intelligence
At Alaris, innovation is at our core. We bring together the best minds, ideas and change-makers of today with the most forward-thinking, tech-savvy powerhouses that laid the foundation for digital transformation.
Marc’s inspirational leadership has driven sustainable, profitable growth for international technology companies that include Apple, HP, Seagate, Technicolor and Bose. Marc previously served as Deputy of Navico, and his experience in the consumer and enterprise space will continue to set apart within the industry. 
Mark joined after serving more than 20 years at a senior level within Rolls-Royce. After starting his career at Ernst & Young, Mark has accumulated a wealth of financial, commercial and business development skills working for businesses with substantial global footprints.
Steve leads Foundry, which automates and streamlines enterprise business operations. Under his leadership, Foundry creates software solutions that makes data “actionable”. Steve’s leadership includes positions for high-performance data analysis, enterprise software, system management and companies.
Nicki drives the overall strategy and execution of 
, including the world’s leading self-service retail photo kiosks and award-winning mobile apps. In addition to senior positions within Eastman Company, Nicki was an industry consultant and independent adviser to private equity firms, specializing in retail and imaging markets.
Don’s focus is driving the global delivery of information Management (IM) solutions. He has held numerous C-level and senior leadership positions, including CFO, of Operations, of Global Services and of Transformation and Business Development. Don’s wealth of experience is unparalleled in the information management industry.
Dennis is responsible for the overall strategy and execution of Alaris’ business. He began his career in Film and Paper Process Engineering and advanced to senior operation management and senior executive roles within Eastman Company.
John is responsible for the global legal and risk compliance functions. He joined in 2014 after serving as Assistant General Counsel at Parker Hannifin Corporation. He also held an international legal role at Rolls-Royce. John is a qualified solicitor and worked in private practice for six years in the UK.
Paul has served as Group Director sjoining at the start of 2015. Prior to joining, Paul held various senior positions at Nokia, including heading for significant businesses, mergers and acquisitions, as well as the Centres of Excellence.
            This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our 
At Alaris, we believe in the power of positive change. That’s why we bring our passion for transformation into the communities that surround us.
Our Corporate Social Responsibility practices start with our Steering Committee that develops the direction and strategy—and then shares it with each employee. Our mission of “doing good for all” means everybody benefits when we do good things. 
We treat every employee fairly and equally, value the power of a diverse workforce, and provide each employee with generous benefits. 
We give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteering our time to make a difference.
At Alaris, we’re committed to taking care of people and the environment in every way we do business. Because it’s the right thing to do.
Our certifications proudly show the effectiveness of our Environment, Health & Safety initiatives.
From lifecycle assessments to greenhouse gas reduction, our policies have earned top honors. 
Giving Shelter: Housing assistance for UK’s homeless
How far will some go to help people forced to live on the street? Some concerned employees based in Hemel Hempstead, UK, slept outside for a night with only sleeping bags and cardboard for comfort. Their sacrifice helped raise funds (that matched) for DENS, a small area charity that provides housing and other assistance. The organization also supports and empowers single homeless people, and others in crisis, to transform their lives. 
Wendy Lewington (CEO) and Carol Wolstoncroft from display a donation check with Hemel, UK, employees.
Heart & sole: Alaris' American Heart Association Heart Walk team in Rochester, NY, puts their heart and “sole” into participating
This incredible commitment to employee wellness extends beyond one day. Along with the launch of a global Learning Library program, we offer wellness education sessions and seminars.
Please note: While all US-based employees may participate in the annual United Way campaign, American Heart Association activities are Rochester-focused only.
Working diligently to give back during the holiday season, four teams from the Colorado campus turned a food drive into a healthy competition. Each team sought to be the one to bring in the most canned goods/boxed food to donate to the Windsor Food Pantry, just north-east of Boulder, 
In only two weeks, our people collected more than 700 food items—the pantry was absolutely overwhelmed by this contribution. The Windsor Food Pantry has served over 150 families during the busy holiday season. With cupboards stocked up to overflowing, the pantry has more than enough for those who need food the most to eat their fill.
Every year sbegan, Rochester-based employees have taken a workday to participate in the Day of Caring with the United Way. This longstanding community event helps promote the spirit and value of volunteerism while increasing awareness of local human-service agencies and schools. It also demonstrates what people working together can accomplish right where they live.
Those who come together help not-for-profit organizations that provide vital community services, including childcare, assisted living and education. Volunteers often do gardening, painting, and similar maintenance chores that save these agencies valuable time as well as money.
The American Diabetes Association’s largest fundraising event, the Tour de Cure is not a race, it is a ride. 
Each year, hopes to attract new entrants. The Rochester-area team invites employees, friends and family join in the fun. 
Participation raises diabetes awareness in the community, supports life-saving research, and sends kids to a local summer camp.
Alaris' Team in Rochester, donated cold-weather clothing to the Open Door Missions' program people in need or who are homeless. When the temperature drops below 20 degrees Fahrenheit, offers critical necessities, including blankets, hats, and gloves.
Why WaterAid? Because 650 million people are living without safe water.
S1981, WaterAid has gained valuable experience bringing safe water, sanitation and hygiene education to where it is needed most. 
Support from the global community has also helped WaterAid influence policy and practice to ensure that the vital role of water, hygiene and sanitation is recognized. 
Alaris’ donation to WaterAid constitutes a community investment and outreach that helps the environment, too. Our company chose WaterAid because of its global reach and our connection to clean-water concerns. For example, Adaptive Picture Exchange (APEX) dry lab solution takes water conservation seriously as a social imperative. 
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.Environment, Health & Safety
We're committed to taking care of people and the environment in every way we do business. Because it's the right thing to do.
Find information on how to protect people. Understand product end of life management (product reuse, recycling, recover and disposal)
Our suppliers partner with us to meet EH&compliance responsibilities.
Supplier Expectations for EH&and Labor
Our supplier labor expectations outlines the standards for creating safer working conditions and using environmentally responsible practices.
These specifications apply to all material shipments to plants.
Suppliers are required to complete the applicable sections of the declaration form.
Our worldwide policy guides us to safeguard the health and wellbeing of our employees, and reduce our environmental pollution impact.
Our goal is to achieve zero work-related employee injuries each year.
Our & certifications proudly show the effectiveness of our Environment, Health & Safety initiatives.
Considering environmental issues in our operations, design and use of our products around the world.
Safety Data Sheet and regulatory shipping data for chemical products.
Send us an email at ehs-questions@kodakalaris.com
Learn more about key topics such as chemical information, product packaging, the use of photo chemicals and more. 
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Privacy Statement to learn more.