Go to Side Menus
Technical Yarn
Hydrocarbon Resins
Phenolic Resin
Epoxy Resin
Expiry of Exercising Bond Warrants a...
Ruling by the United States Court of...
22018 Performance Results
12018 Performance Results
60,300
Heracron
Hydrocarbon resins
Pharm
Sweet MealSports
Industries, Inc. has been providing ongoing support to make marathon, an unpopular sport back in the early 1980s, into a national sport and develop Korean marathons into world-level events. Since 1985, the company has helped organize high school marathon races and in 1987, formed a marathon team for competent marathon runners so that they can focus on training. The company played a role in training star marathoners such as Kim Wan-Ki, Hwang Young-Jo, Lee Bong-Joo, Kim Yi-Yong, Kwon Eun-Ju, Hyung Jae-Young, Im Chun-Ae, and Ji Young-Jun, making marathon a popular sport in Korea and promoting people’s health.
Since 2006, Industries, Inc. has hosted the only tournament in Korea, offering golf fans the chance to enjoy watching tournaments where international star golfers compete. Since its first tournament in 1985, the Korea Open hosted by has become the national title and most recognized tournament where a number of talented golfers have competed. Now, the tournament will continue to be the entrance for golfers to success as international stars and be one of the international golf festivals.
Founded with the goal of spreading “appropriate clibming culture,” Climbing School run by Industries, Inc. has its main office in the Sports Information Center and is participated by renowned mountaineers who used to lead climbing activities. Since its first lesson in Bukan Mountain in 1985, the school has provided four courses, Basics, Regular, Rock Climbing, and Ice Climbing in mountains ranging from Bukan-san to Seorak-san. Up until now, about 10,000 students attended and 100 instructors worked at this school. Climbing School is recognized as a legitimate climbing training institute leading mountaineering activities.Since the first nylon production in Korea in 1957, Industries, Inc.,          formerly Corporation, has made a significant contribution to national          economic growth, and is now an independent company separated from the          Manufacturing Department of Corporation after the adoption of a          holding company structure by the Group in 2010.
Focusing on the four major business divisions, namely, industrial materials,          chemical, films/electronic materials, and fashion, the company has become a          leader in each industry. To become a top global chemical and materials          company, Industries, Inc. is planning to globalize its businesses of          automotive materials, advanced materials, optical films, chemical and fashion          by increasing investment in high value products. Industries, Inc. will continue to embrace change and innovation.          By becoming a better, stronger industrial leader, the company will be able to          make bigger contributions to its shareholders and community.Thank you.Environment
The global climate change caused by pollution and the lack of resources has led to a paradigm shift in management
towards sustainable growth. People have come to realize that only sustainable growth can perpetuate humanity and
ultimately improve their quality of life.
Industries, Inc. applies the systematic management of the entire process, from the use of materials to disposal of
waste, to minimize environmental damage. The level of waste management in every plant is strictly controlled below the
level required by law, which heads off damage from waste. In addition, using an environmentally friendly approach to R&D
in the product design phase, the company makes considerable technical and financial investment in reducing energy and
In 2009, Industries, Inc. organized a climate change response committee and successfully created a greenhouse
gas inventory system, which helps more actively respond to the “target system” under the Framework Act on Low Carbon
and Green Growth that took effect in 2010. Industries, Inc. also built a network for all locations to share the latest information on a frequent basis to respond to the international environmental regulations and To reinforce
chemical control, prepared and began to implement multiple strategies. Other environmental efforts made by the company include continuous monitoring and investment in air, water, waste, and hazardous substance control.
To become an environmentally conscious and socially responsible company, under the motto, “Dream and Love with Nature,” Industries, Inc. has been implementing cleaning activities in the parks and other landmarks close to the head office and locations twice each year, as well as an environmental protection campaign to raise local residents’ awareness.
In 2004, Industries, Inc. began the construction of “Industry Forest” in part of the 1,150,000 square meter land of Seoul Forest, which was created in Ttukseom to build an urban eco park and restore forests in Seoul. The company is also participating in a variety of environmental activities, such as the environmental events of the foundation and sponsoring the climate change center.
Other efforts made by the company, such as cleaning sister-villages close to each plant, creating flower paths, cleaning around each plant, and supporting the local nature study center, helps polish KOLON’s image as a clean company that works with its local community.
In 1999, the company joined the international environment association called Responsible Care to better practice environmental management.
Responsible Care is an international movement led by chemical companies to protect the environment and people throughout the entire life cycle of chemicals, from development to manufacturing, sale, distribution, usage and to disposal, and implement environmental, safety, and health measures for continuous improvement.
The most important step in implementing is to remind all employees of the determination of and management to implement RC, so that the employees share the philosophy and significance of As seen in other countries and companies where has been enforced first, the management’s interest and support has a direct impact on the success of RC.
Since all employees are supposed to participate in Responsible Care, Industries, Inc. organizes a team consisting of a team manager and members. The company also appoints a person responsible (coordinator) for exchange of information with the Team, the office of the Korea Council, and other member companies.
Once the Team has been formed, the team checks the current state of the plant, prepares an action plan, executes it
for a year, evaluates the results, and reflects them in plans for the next year or mid-/long-term plans. That way, the company
makes gradual environmental, safety, and health improvements.
with the Team, the office of the Korea Council, and other member companies.
Since Responsible Care is a voluntary improvement activity, the company is required to conduct self-assessment. The annual
results of Industries, Inc.’s self-assessment are submitted to the Korea Council.
Industries, Inc. collects the results of Responsible Care activities and reports them to the Korea Council. The
Korea Council then prepares an annual report each year and publishes good examples so that other companies followUnder the philosophy that a company’s profits come from a neighboring community, Industries, Inc. is making a variety of social contributions.
“Share Happiness” in Gumi Plant supports Good Neighbors activities.
Other volunteer teams of the company and of each plant include: “World Worth Living In” in Gumi Plant, “Hanmaeum Volunteers” in Gyeongsan Plant, “P2 Virus” at the Central Technology Institute, “Sharing Society” in Ulsan Plant, “Boram Society” and “Love Neighbors Society” in Gimcheon Plant (for functional materials). Also Group has been practicing love for neighbors, including nurseries, low-income families, and child heads of households under the name of “Family Volunteers”, “Flowers and Little Prince”.
Each plant also shares hope and the fun of sharing with the needy children by forming a foundation for children and sponsoring those children, and organizes support events for the seniors living alone to spend some time with them.         Such variety of social activities allow the company to make contributions to social welfare and the growth of local communities and boost employees’ morale.
Industries, Inc. held a donation agreement ceremony with JTS, an international relief NGO, and carried out social contribution projects. Providing support for the third world, including India and Pakistan, is an international relief that attained a special status from the Economic Council. Industries, Inc. agreed to support products equivalent to 500 million Korean won through for three years and join in social contribution activities.
Sports has been selling NewLife T-shirts to help children with childhood cancer and leukemia at all its stores nationwide every autumn.
The company donates all earnings of its sale to the NewLife Support Center to provide help. The Green Heart Campaign allows the company to give back to the community and needy neighbors and practice the spirit of sharing.Gumi Overview
Gumi Plant is the main plaint of Industries, Inc. equipped with an integrated manufacturing system from polymerization process to final products. With 40 years of polymer technology and expertise, this large-scale complex has the top-of-the-line production operating system.
Using proprietary technology, Gumi Plant has been producing electronic and advanced chemical materials, such as aramids, as well as films, tire cords, long fiber non-wovens, aramids, Prism films for LCDs, Colorless Polyimide Film and chemical products.
Established the nylon yarn and nylon tire cord line
Established the engineering plastic line (sell-off in June 2008)
Established the polyester direct spinning (continuous polymerization) line
Established the polyester film line
Established the automated polyester yarn line
First company in the world to produce long micro-fiber “ROJEL”
First Korean company to establish a polyimide film line
First Korean company to establish an aramid line
Established the Prism film line/chemical line
Divided the yarn business (KFM), film J/(collaboration with SKC)
Obtained the highest grade “P” for the evaluation
First company in the world to establish a Colorless Polyimide Film line
Aramids(HERACRON®)
polyurethan foam(CHOUVEIL®)
Cosmetic Accessories
Colorless Polyimide Film (CPI®)Industries, Inc. is trying to be a good example of “win-win” partnership between company and community. company’s growth depends on community growth.
The company is practicing “win-win management” for customers and the company itself under its customer policy called “2CS”. 2is a combined word for customer satisfaction (in  a general sense) and customer success, which shows Industries, Inc.’s customer policy of pursuing customer success, as well as customer satisfaction.
To help our customers succeed in their own areas of business, we provide customers with not only products but also management know-how. Through the 2activities, customers are sharing all the necessary management know-how and information. The company also appointed the 2manager, who is responsible for sales, repairs, electrical, mechanical, quality control, logistics, administration, and management information, to provide customers with fast and high-quality services.
passes on its products, technologies, and management tips to its partners for mutual benefits and growth.
The annual Festival held between the company and its partners offers the chance to study cost saving and productivity increasing solutions, present the results, and award good examples. This festival represents the company’s efforts to seek solutions for customers’ success, as well as partners’ efficient management.
“In Search of Broken Glass” held in Gumi Plant every month is an activity conducted by the company and its partners to find and improve any shortcomings of the workplace. This event also offers the plant and the partners to work on their problems.
Industries, Inc. organizes these activities as the foundation of practical, helpful relationships between the company and its partners like a family, rather than merely an employer-contractor relationship.
Each year, each plant provides help for farmers living in sister-villages and helps sell their products. The company’s management practice involves financial support and promoting mutual benefits with local residents by helping farmers at work and selling their farm produce.Suggests that should be aware that it is a part of this industry, and the role and mission that is obliged to fulfill as its primary contribute to the growth of the industry.
These are the standards for daily activities that implements for smooth management. They represent the company’s determination to judge its management based on efficiency, the most important logic in business administration, and originality, which helps the company boost morale.
Implies that the company considers a top priority creating a workplace where individual employees can realize their potential and a whole team can find work rewarding.
Suggests that the results of the company’s management activities not only deliver customer satisfaction but also contribute to improving people’s quality of life and pushing civilization forward. This is the ultimate goal of management activities.Culture
The company is holding Fountain Culture Square, a performance that encourages audience participation, at the fountain in front of Tower in Gwacheon, every Saturday evening from June to September each year. This event has been cited as a good example of bringing community and business together through culture and awarded with a plaque of appreciation from Gwancheon City Council. In 2005, the company was voted an excellent business by Korea Mecenat Conference, proving itself as an exemplary socially responsible corporation.