Medical has developed an innovative and revolutionary transducer technology by applying advanced semiconductor science and techniques.
We dedicate ourselves to providing a suite of medical ultrasound transducers that will make a meaningful difference in diagnostic imaging.
SiliconWaveTransducer Technology
At Medical, we developed a disruptive ultrasound technology platform by applying advanced semiconductor science and techniques.
We dedicate ourselves to providing a suite of medical ultrasound products that will make a meaningful difference in diagnostic imaging and patient care.
Medical is a world leader in next generation semiconductor (silicon) ultrasound transducer technology. We are the first company to make Kolo's SiliconWavetransducer technology a practical alternative to transducers, thus uniquely positioned to set a new performance standard in clinical diagnostic imaging.
BrowseMedical is the world leader in the next generation of semiconductor ultrasound technology.  Our innovative design and patented approach with Capacitive Micromachined Transducers (CMUT) are establishing a new performance standard in medical diagnostic imaging.  This unique approach in overcoming the challenges of technology establishes Medical as a leader in offering a suite of commercially available transducers, and ushers in the dawn of the silicon age of ultrasound imaging.
Inspired by this mission, has brought together a world class team from the semiconductor and medical imaging industries. Our founders, originally from the research group at Stanford University that invented the technology, have continued to develop and patent the most advanced innovations in this field.  Our management team is comprised of seasoned executives and world-renowned technology pioneers.
We offer a portfolio of SiliconWavetransducers available for a wide range of platforms to clinical and research markets.  Our technology establishes exceptional performance for high and ultra high frequency imaging, imaging traditional technology struggles to provide.
technology is adaptable to unique and new applications in diagnostic imaging that are not possible with technologies.   technology delivers advantages in device size, cost, yield, bandwidth, integration, and heat generation.
