World Leader in Pressure Transducer Technology
Dr. Anthony Kurtz, founder and innovator of Kulite, left a legacy of breakthrough work
- the global leader in the engineering of transducers with over 350 patents
Over 60 years of collaborating with customers to create thousands of custom designs
Visit the Product Advisor Page for Kulite's standard catalog and customizable transducers
The KSC-2 - compact, rugged dual-channel, precision amplifier/filt. Learn More
.World Leader in Pressure Transducer Technology
Innovation and Leadership in the Transducer Industry
Globally recognized as the leading name in transducer technology, Products, Inc. maintains its edge with innovative research, ingenious designs and forward-thinking minds.
Kulite, which boasts over 350 patents, has developed high-performance, state-of-the-art custom and stock products, including transducers for extreme and harsh environmental conditions in myriad fields and industries around the world. Kulite’s ongoing investment in research and development has led to the pioneering of new sensing technologies as well as the improvement of existing in the aerospace, automotive, military, marine and process control.
As the premier supplier, designer and manufacturer of both commercial and military aircraft applications, single-handedly revolutionized the pressure transducer for the aerospace industry. The company’s time-tested technology translates to other forms of transportation as well. Working in tandem with automotive engineers, designs transducers for testing and measuring pressure for the competitive racing circuits of Formula One and IndyCar.
family-founded, woman-owned business with world headquarters conveniently located just outside of New York City, Kulite’s three-building campus in Leonia, New Jersey attracts the nation’s best and brightest scientists, engineers and administrators. Its relationship with worldwide universities and research centers, unprecedented patents and continuous technological breakthroughs all help solidify Kulite’s position in the forefront of the transducer industry.
The nerve center of all this scientific and engineering activity is the world headquarters, consisting of over 200,000 square feet, in three modern buildings in Leonia, New Jersey. These buildings house Kulite's research and manufacturing facilities as well as the corporate offices.
.World Leader in Pressure Transducer Technology
For additional information about the Signal Conditioner and the Pressure Scanners, please contact:
has over 350 Patents to date!
Over a period of 50 years, Dr. Anthony Kurtz and now our team of talented engineers and scientist have developed one breakthough after another in the technologies underlying pressure transducers which include over 350 patents. Click here for a list of the most recent patents.
Aircraft Engines awards exclusive contract to to replace the mechanical fuel pressure switch with new advanced electronic fuel pressure switch on CFM56-7B
After two years of close cooperation with Safran Aircraft Engines, has successfully completed the development and certification of a new state-of-the-art solid state electronic pressure switch to be installed on CFM56-7aircraft engines.
is a proud supplier for the Boeing Tanker KC-46A
was selected by Boeing to provide a suite of three pressure transducers and four pressure switches for the KC-46Pegasus tanker.
Is Measuring Pressure a Key to the Next SST
and the new signal conditioner are featured in an article published at Farnborough Airshow News
.World Leader in Pressure Transducer Technology
Listed below are Exhibitions and Symposiums where will be displaying our and technology. In some cases complimentary passes may be available from Kulite.
The 53rd  Show will take place at the Le Bourget Parc des Expositions bringing together all the players of the global aerospace industry to showcase the latest technological innovations.  All companies, constructors, components manufacturers and systems developers use this event to present their latest innovations to the world.  The first four days of the Show will be reserved for trade visitors, followed by three days open to the general public.  With 2,381 international companies, the International Paris Air Show at Le Bourget offers many commercial and marketing opportunities.
The Forum is a premier event for presentation of recent progress on aircraft design, air traffic management and operations, and aviation technologies as well as policy, planning, and market issues affecting the future direction of the global aviation industry.  It is a venue for interaction between researchers, system developers, product support personnel, managers, and business developers from throughout industry, government, and academia.  With participants from around the globe, the most pressing issues impacting the future of aviation are tackled, while technical programs are presented that offer solutions through innovative research and technologies.
The Turbo technical conference features over 300 paper sessions of 1000+ papers and more than 80 panel, tutorial and lecture sessions. The technical conference has a well-earned reputation for bringing together the best and brightest experts from around the world to share the latest in turbine technology, research, development, and application. Turbo Expo offers networking opportunities with a dedicated and diverse trade show floor. The 3-day exhibition attracts the industry’s leading professionals and key decision makers, whose innovation and expertise are helping to shape the future of the turbomachinery industry.
is an industry event, offering a forum for the exchange of ideas between rotating equipment engineers and technicians worldwide. is known for its impact on turbomachinery, pump, oil & gas, petrochemical, power, aerospace, chemical and water industries where it offers both a technical program and exhibition.  As a leading supplier to the turbomachinery industry, is able to showcase our latest technology to new and existing customers. 
This event is America’s largest vehicle and component testing and validation technology and services exhibition, featuring almost 400 exhibitors and attracting over 6,000 attendees.  Visitors can expect to see the latest in testing, measurement tools, test rigs, simulation packages, durability testing technologies, crash testing know-how, dynamometers, emission measurement systems and dynamic assessment tools, as well as countless service providers such as proving grounds and test facilities.
Ranked as a top-ten trade show in the United States, NBAA-brings together 23,000+ attendees for the largest business aviation event in the world. The key operators and industry leaders will meet at NBAA-to conduct business, make buying decisions and set the stage for business aviation activity for the year ahead. Attendees of NBAA-are decision makers, buyers and influential personnel from companies at the heart of business aviation.
An integral part of Autosport International this two day event is regarded by the industry figureheads as motorsport’s most important technology show.  Autosport Engineering is a dedicated event for specialist technical suppliers to the motorsport and performance engineering sectors. The show embraces the cross-over of technology from other industries and showcases new suppliers and manufacturing expertise, creating many new business and networking opportunities. 
AIAA’s conferences provide scientists, engineers, and technologists the opportunity to present and disseminate their work in structured technical paper and poster sessions, learn about new technologies and advances from other presenters, further their professional development, and expand their professional networks that furthers their work.   The Science and Technology Forum and Exposition (SciTech Forum) draws participants from around the globe. Plenary and Forum 360 participants tackled the most pressing issues impacting the future of aerospace, while the technical program presented innovative research and technologies that offer solutions.
Airshow China is a 6 day event at the China International Aviation Exhibition Center in Zhuhai, China. The China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition features the display of real-size products, trade talks, technological exchange and flying display.  will gather international aviation and aerospace enterprises to showcase the latest technology and in the fast-growing Chinese market.
2018 Auto testing expo is to host more exhibitors, showcase more brand-new technology and welcome more visitors than ever.  Over 300 exhibiting companies will be out to demonstrate that their are able to help with the ultimate aim of eliminating recalls plus improve vehicle reliability, durability, safety and quality.
Over 25,000 industry professionals gather at for three days of business aviation. Ranked as the third largest trade show in the United States, the Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition brings together current and prospective aircraft owners, manufacturers and customers into one meeting place to get critical work accomplished.
This year’s symposium theme is Tomorrow’s Flight Test.  The objective of the Society is the advancement of flight test engineering throughout the aerospace industry by providing technical and fraternal communication amoung individuals, both domestic and international, in the allied engineering field of test operations, analysis instrumentation and data systems.  
China’s largest full vehicle and component testing and validation technologies and services show.
If you need to reduce development time, increase quality and decrease product failures, you need to attend Automotive Testing Expo!
is a vital industry event, offering a forum for the exchange of ideas between rotating equipment engineers and technicians worldwide. Now surpassing 46 years, is known for its impact on turbomachinery, pump, oil & gas, petrochemical, power, aerospace, chemical and water industries.
The Symposium is a biennial forum where the United States’ turbine engine community gathers to review and discuss the latest turbine engine technology advances.  The Symposium draws an audience of approximately 1000 engineers, scientists, managers, and operational personnel from throughout the turbine engine community, including the Army, Navy, Air Force, NASA, DARPA, DOE, FAA, engine and aircraft manufacturers, material and component suppliers, and academia.
The Farnborough International Airshow is an ultimate networking hub for the Aerospace & Defence Industries. Modelled around networking, facilitates connections, interactions and opportunities for its exhibitors and visitors.  packed conference programme will include insightful keynotes, panel discussions and topical presentations from the industry’s leading innovators.
Forum, combines the best aspects of technical conferences with insights from respected aviation leaders, providing a single, integrated forum for navigating the key challenges and opportunities affecting the future direction of global aviation policy, planning, R&D, security, environmental issues, and international markets.
Automotive Testing Expo Europe will be at Messe Stuttgart and will feature record numbers of exhibitors.  The show is a launch pad in Europe for new technologies within the area of automotive test, evaluation and quality engineering.  Additionally, companies will be out to demonstrate that their are able to help with the ultimate aim of eliminating recalls.
Summit provides a unique meeting opportunity for the test, measurement, and telemetry companies that service the government and commercial aerospace industries. It features educational sessions from top industry professionals and an live demonstration lab/exhibit hall that showcases the newest technologies and services.
The Board has announced the 3rd International Aero-Engine Manufacturing Forum will be held in Moscow, Russia from April 4 to April 6, 2018. The Forum’s organizer is the Association of Aero-Engine Manufacturers (ASSAD) under the auspices of the genralny sponsor of United Engine Corporation.
The science and technology program will include sessions with the Scientific and Technical Aero-Engine Manufacturing Congress, with reports to be published, as well round tables, presentations and seminars, scientific and technical conferences. 
The 2nd edition of Measurement Solutions Expo 2018 will be held on March 28-29, 2018 in Lyon, at the Cité Internationale Congress Center, organized by the Réseau Mesure in partnership with the French College of Metrology (CFM).  This event targets the best industrial practices of measurement for those involved in technical processes, from the engineer to the technician and from quality through to production.
is an event, offering a forum for the exchange of ideas between rotating equipment engineers and technicians worldwide. is known for its impact on turbomachinery, pump, oil & gas, petrochemical, power, aerospace, chemical and water industries.
The International WorkBoat Show presents the WorkBoat Annual Conference curated by the editors of WorkBoat.com, WorkBoat Magazine, and the WorkBoat Content Team.  Each day will feature a varied format consisting of a combination of round table discussions, interactive presentations and a series of networking opportunities, ideal for peer-to-peer problem solving and idea sharing.
At Automotive Testing Expo North America 2017, see the very latest test technologies and services that are being used in the full automotive production process. Over 300 exhibitors will display their very latest that are all improving vehicle reliability, durability, safety and quality.
This symposium is a leading forum for the structural dynamics and vibration community where topics covered include shock-ship testing, water shock, weapons effects (air blast, ground shock, cratering, penetration) shock physics, earthquake engineering, structural dynamics, and shock and vibration instrumentation and experiment techniques. Also, over 200  technical papers are typically presented.
27,000 aviation industry professionals attend Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition, bringing together current and prospective aircraft owners, manufacturers and customers into one meeting place to get critical work accomplished.
At Testing Expo China – Automotive 2017, see the very latest test technologies and services that are being used in the full automotive production process.  From the initial prototype analysis through to end of line inspection and quality assurance, and every procedure in between, exhibitors will display their very latest that are all improving vehicle reliability, durability, safety and quality.
International Aviation and Space Salon is among the world’s largest aviation forums.  offers a unique opportunity to those involved in the aviation and space industry business to get to know the opinion of decision-makers on key issues related to the development, production and sale of aviation equipment.
Turbo Expo brings together the best and brightest experts from around the world to share the latest in turbine technology, research, development, and application. The exhibition attracts the industry’s leading professionals and key decision makers, whose innovation and expertise are helping to shape the future of the turbo machinery industry.
The International Paris Air Show is organised by the SIAE, a subsidiary of GIFAS, the French Aerospace Industries Association.  The 52nd  show will take place at the Le Bourget Parc des Expositions and bring together all the players in this global industry around the latest technological innovations.
At the 19th Automotive Testing Expo Europe you can see the very latest technologies and services that are designed to ensure that the highest standards are met in terms of product quality, reliability, durability and safety. 
premier forum for presentation of both recent progress on aircraft design, air traffic management and operations, and aviation technologies as well as policy, planning, and market issues affecting the future direction of the global aviation industry.
.Globally recognized as the leading name in transducer technology, Products, Inc. maintains its edge with vigilant research, ingenious designs and forward-thinking minds.
Kulite, which boasts over 350 patents, has developed high-performance, state-of-the-art custom and stock products, including transducers for extreme and harsh environmental conditions in myriad fields and industries around the world. Kulite’s ongoing investment in research and development has led to the pioneering of new sensing technologies as well as the improvement of existing in the aerospace, automotive, military, marine and process control.
As the premier supplier, designer and manufacturer of both commercial and military aircraft applications, revolutionized the pressure transducers utilized in the aerospace industry. The company’s time-tested technology translates to other forms of transportation as well. Working in tandem with automotive engineers, designs transducers for testing and measuring pressure for the competitive racing circuits of Formula One and IndyCar.
family-founded, woman-owned business with world headquarters conveniently located just outside of New York City, Kulite’s three-building campus in Leonia, New Jersey attracts the nation’s best and brightest scientists, engineers and administrators. Its relationship with worldwide universities and research centers, unprecedented patents and continuous technological breakthroughs all help solidify Kulite’s position in the forefront of the transducer industry.
The man. The mind. the making of kulite.
Dr. Anthony Kurtz wasn’t asking for much. He simply wanted to create a high-tech company that would be recognized as the worldwide expert in its field. He got exactly what he wanted. And more.
After receiving his undergraduate and doctoral degrees in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Dr. Kurtz worked in an lab and later for Honeywell in Boston. He moved home to New Jersey in 1959 to start which went on to became the global leader in transducer technology.
Dr. Kurtz had the sense of a scientist, the mind of an entrepreneur and the heart to bring the two worlds together. Instilling basic core values in the company helped make the success it is today.
Believing deeply in the importance of education, Dr. Kurtz forged strong working relationships with top schools such as Oxford University, and Columbia University, encouraged his employees to take college courses for which the company would pay and instituted a scholarship program for employees’ children.
Dr. Kurtz was a big advocate of hiring for life. He recognized the inherent value that all ages brought to the table. Older employees imparted their wisdom while the younger shared their vitality. People came to and stayed, some for 10, 20 or even 40 years. And, even as the company expanded to over 800 employees, Dr. Kurtz maintained his hands-on approach, calling nearly every person by name.
Dr. Kurtz passed away in 2010, leaving his legacy to his wife, Nora Kurtz, who now runs the business with the same sensibilities and smarts on which it was founded.
Kulite, which boasts over 350 patents, has become synonymous for ultra-miniature high accuracy pressure transducers. has designed transducers that measure traffic, measure and control equipment on naval and commercial ships, measure tire pressure in-flight of commercial airliners like the Boeing 747, are used in oil exploration, in coal mining and in determining the height of weather balloons. is the world’s largest supplier of aerospace transducers.
Simply put, whenever pressure or force needs to be measured, comes up with a solution to the problem, providing the best and most reliable method to make the measurement.
DeclineWorld Leader in Pressure Transducer Technology
To provide highly customized innovative measurement solutions to be used in challenging environments, enabling our customers to produce systems which meet the needs of their market segments and thereby providing the best overall value to our customers.
To be a family-owned industry leader in measurement technologies, developing and manufacturing enabling technology in support of our global customers.
: We are dedicated to the continuous development of our core technologies and supporting fundamental research in these areas.
:  We are customer focused, and will manufacture specifically designed to meet our customers’ needs as well as delivering world class service and support.  
:  We recognize that Kulite’s employees remain our most important resource and are dedicated to their development and actively support related educational opportunities.
: We work diligently to ensure that our are designed, manufactured and tested to the highest standard and remain reliable for their intended use.
:  We are a diverse community of individuals who fully embrace the benefits of our varied backgrounds.
.World Leader in Pressure Transducer Technology
The Leonia Academy of Science was founded at Leonia High School in September 2003 for a select number of the district’s best students interested in Curriculums including Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. Leonia High School and Products, Inc. enjoy a partnership generating long term support for this rigorous science program. Kulite, being a state of the art manufacturing company located in Leonia, has always supported Leonia High School. Support includes lab coats delivered to the new freshman students who enter the Academy each year. is proud to have the opportunity to help these very special students succeed in every way possible.
Products, Inc. ("Kulite") of Leonia awards its Dr. Anthony Kurtz Memorial Scholarships to five Leonia High School graduating students who excelled in math and science studies. The awards are dedicated to the memory of Dr. Anthony Kurtz who founded in 1959. For 50 years he was the Chief Scientist and of the company and the driving force in helping to establish as a world leader in pressure transducer technology. As a believer in higher education, Dr. Kurtz encouraged his employees to enroll in company subsidized college courses and initiated a scholarship program for employee’s children. To continue this support and education and to honor the memory of her husband, Nora Kurtz, Chairwoman of the Board and of the company, established the annual program in 2011.
In May of each year NJ/Community Blood Services, a not-for-profit organization that supplies blood and blood to more than 30 hospitals in the NJ/region, spends the day at Kulite’s campus holding our annual blood drive. This annual event is held to help alleviate critical blood shortages in our immediate area. Over 50 employee’s participated in the last blood drive.
During the month of December each year, holds its annual holiday toy drive with great success. large number of toys and children’s gifts are donated by our very generous employees including dolls, puzzles, games, books, toy cars and many other gifts! Thanks to all of our generous contributions many children in need will receive gifts each holiday season. Kulite’s employees continue to come through for those in need! We show our compassion and generosity for those less fortunate.
Every other year the employee community comes together in November to collect new and used coats for those in need. With the generosity of the employees, a donation is made to The Salvation Army in an effort to help those in need of warm clothing for the cold winter months.
In an effort to show support for our troops stationed around the world, the family of employees collects wrapped, unopened candy shortly after Halloween each year to be sent to Operation Gratitude. Operation Gratitude prepares and sends packages to our troops. In the last drive we sent 140 pounds of candy for distribution to our Armed Forces.
believes unequivocally in practicing the highest ethical standards and complying with all laws everywhere operates. Employees of are required to report violations they know about or suspect to Ethics and Compliance Officer. Kulite's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found below.
Kulite's are in compliance with the Directive 2011/65/Ro(version dated 2011 June 8), Restriction of the use of certain Hazardous Substances in electrical and electronic equipment, and its amendments. Kulite's RoDeclaration can be found below:
As a global leader in transducer technology, Products, Inc. ("Kulite") is committed to conducting business in a manner that protects people and the environment. Although a privately-held company, fully supports the goals and objectives of Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, whose goal is to prevent the use of certain conflict Minerals that directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups in The Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries ("Conflict Region"). "Conflict Minerals" include columbite-tantalite (coltan) (i.e., tantalum), cassiterite (i.e., tin), gold, wolframite (i.e., tungsten) and/or their derivatives.
Products, Inc. ("Kulite") is committed to maintaining and improving processes designed to reduce the possibility of complicity in human rights violation related to our own operations, our supply chain and our products. recognizes that slavery and human trafficking can occur in many forms such as forced labor, child labor, domestic and indentured servitude, sex trafficking and workplace abuse.
The following is Kulite’s Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement pursuant to the Modern Slavery Act 2015, and applies to the financial year ending December 31, 2018.
Products, Inc. (“Kulite”) is dedicated to conducting business consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. We have an obligation to our employees, customers, suppliers and others with whom we interact to be honest, fair and forthright in all business activities.
As a result, all suppliers of goods and services to (“Suppliers”) and employees who work with them are expected to conduct themselves with the highest standards of honesty, fairness and personal integrity.
Suppliers shall conduct their business activities in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and will not engage in any activities which would violate any applicable laws and regulations relating to (1) employment; (2) child labor, forced labor or any forms of slavery and human trafficking; (3) health and safety; (4) laws against bribery or illegal payments, (5) unfair competition; (6) unfair and deceptive trade practices; (7) laws and regulations relating to the environment; (8) international trade including exports and imports and (10) contracting with governmental entities.
Supplier shall comply with all applicable wage and hour laws and regulations, including those relating to minimum wages, overtime and will provide all legally mandated benefits. Suppliers will not require employees to work more than any limits on regular or overtime hours allowed by any applicable law.
Supplier will treat each employee with dignity and respect, and will not engage in or permit punishment, threats of violence, or harassment.
Supplier will not discriminate in hiring practices or any other condition of work on the bases of race, sex, sexual orientation, color, age, gender, national origin, physical and mental disability, religion, status as a disabled veteran, or other legally protected characteristics.
Supplier will ensure a safe work environment and minimize physical and chemical hazards through proper design, engineering and administrative controls, maintenance, safe work and emergency procedures.
Supplier shall comply fully with all applicable environmental laws and seek ways to conserve natural resources and energy, reduce waste and the use of hazardous substances, and minimize any adverse impacts on environment.
Suppliers shall not offer any employee a gift that would give the appearance of impropriety or as an attempt to actually influence doing business with the Supplier. This would include gifts of cash or its equivalent or any other business courtesy given in an attempt to motivate a person to do anything that is prohibited by law, regulation or policy. Similarly, the same policy applies in the reverse; suppliers shall not accept any gifts or business courtesies from employees for the same reason.
Suppliers shall make reasonable efforts to communicate this policy to any subcontractors and lower tier suppliers and encourage them to adopt principles similar to the ones outlined in this Supplier Code of Conduct.
Suppliers shall promptly notify of any known or suspected improper behavior by suppliers or employees:
