+ dosimeter badges for anyone exposed to radiation in medical, dental, veterinary or chiropractic offices.
+ dosimeter badges for anyone exposed to radiation in medical, dental, veterinary or chiropractic offices.
simplifies your radiation safety program with occupational dosimetry, patient dose optimization and more
Occupational dosimetry and informatics, medical physics consulting for dose optimization and accreditation
Employee radiation safety, regulatory compliance and specialized services
Flexible dosimetry solutions for managing worker exposure on site or in the field
Scalable radiation dosimetry programs for public safety
Access a wide range of dosimeters and reporting solutions to meet your safety and compliance needs
Access resources relevant to your radiation safety needs in our Knowledge Center
Diagnostic Imaging Services Standards: Survey Experience, Future Directions | The Joint Commission
occupational radiation monitoring programs are trusted by the majority of hospitals in the United States
Improve patient care, ensure regulatory compliance and ensure your facility meets requirements with global dosimetry solutions built around your organization.
The team provides a one-on-one experience that can’t be beat.
Olav takes the time to teach and brings the experience of other hospitals to bear. With his help, we keep up with regulatory issues, including being ready for The Joint Commission survey. After attending the 2017 Clinical Dose Optimization Symposium and hearing Olav speak, defined more precisely my role as Quality Assurance Technologist and now serve at multiple sites for Peoria. I’m excited to put new protocols in place and teach my colleagues – and continue to rely on Olav’s expertise.”
Learn about radiation and imaging safety from leading experts across radiation safety and compliance.
Radiation Safety, Dose and Risk for Medical and Dental Practitioners, Technologists and Staff
Level 1 Safety for Non-Personnel
Get in touch with any of our worldwide locations »
Our vision is to be the world's best in radiation safety technology and compliance solutions
Our vision is to be the world's best in radiation safety technology and compliance solutions
helps organizations achieve their radiation safety goals through innovation. We explore ideas, embrace technology and continually identify new opportunities to provide timely solutions for our clients.
We emerged in 1954 as the first organization to recognize and address the risks of radiation. More than 60 years later we are a full service radiation safety provider recognized for our unsurpassed innovation and development of worldwide monitoring standards and technologies.
As the radiation industry evolves, we remain committed to improving public health and safety by advancing research, technology, and services related to radiation measurement and medical physics. Proprietary technologies like our digital dosimetry platform and leading optically stimulated luminescence (OSL) technology for measuring radiation exposure are setting the standard of radiation safety. Everything we do is focused on providing peace of mind to organizations and individuals with exposure to ionizing radiation.
We are committed to understanding common challenges in keeping people safe, complying with regulations, and managing information requirements. 
Today we work closely with thousands of companies to understand their challenges. Our goal is to help develop best practices in risk mitigation and guide the development of occupational and public health and safety regulations. See Medical Physics Consulting & Analytics »
Angie Luckey-Succes, M.B.A., Director of Client Experience, describes how is taking customer service to the next level with Omnichannel Routing from inContact.  
Enhance operations, ensure regulatory compliance and meet compliance requirements with LANDAUER, your global parter in radiation safety.
By checking this box, consent to receive marketing communications and product offers by email and phone
from LANDAUER, a division of Fluke Corporation, or its partners in accordance with its privacy policy.
Social Media IconsSince 1954, has been providing state-of-the-art technology and unparalleled customer service within the radiation safety industry to better understand and document information related to occupational, environmental and health care-related exposure to ionizing radiation.
The quest began with an awareness by Robert Landauer, Jr., of the inherent hazards of the nascent nuclear medicine and nuclear energy industries. Now more than 60 years later, the Company continues to provide complete radiation dosimetry services to hospitals, medical and dental offices, universities, national laboratories, nuclear facilities and other industries in which radiation poses a potential threat to employees.
LANDAUER's groundbreaking contributions to the field of radiation safety have grown in scope and sophistication, developing new detection and monitoring technologies that continue to set industry standards. This history of innovation includes:
Today, is the leading global provider of technical and analytical services to determine occupational and environmental radiation exposure and the leading domestic provider of outsourced medical physics services.
It provides dosimetry services to about 1.8 million individuals globally. In addition, the Medical Physics division provides therapeutic and imaging physics services throughout the country.
works closely with both customers and government entities to develop best practices in risk mitigation, and guides the development of occupational and public health and safety regulations. Our historical practice of dosimeter archiving has resulted in the only existing national registry of radiation exposure data.
LANDAUER's innovations in radiation safety continue to shape the industry in dosimetry and medical physics.
In 2017, it was announced that Fortive, a diversified industrial growth company comprised of Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies businesses, would acquire LANDAUER.
By checking this box, consent to receive marketing communications and product offers by email and phone
from LANDAUER, a division of Fluke Corporation, or its partners in accordance with its privacy policy.
Use LANDAUER’Radiation Safety Support Services to improve your organization’s safety response and reduce time spent on daily tasks and reporting.
Engage LANDAUER’regulatory expertise to monitor regulations, make mandated changes, communicate with agencies and be prepared for action.
Achieve Compliance Without Additional Staff
Proposes updates based on best practices
Prepares up to five amendments of existing radioactive material licenses or new registrations each year
You can access after-hour emergency phone service
You can use a dedicated email address for quick response
We hear feedback every day from RSOs working hard to keep themselves and their staffs informed of leading radiation safety practices and compliance strategies.
responds with educational programs tailored to the interests of RSOs working in systems, hospitals, ambulatory sites and industry. Choose from our growing roster of radiation safety training options with continuing education credits to help you create compliance-ready work environments.
