 is a leading-edge formulation development contract research organization that provides innovative and generic drug formulation development services and proprietary drug delivery systems to the human and veterinary pharmaceutical industries. Sour founding in 2003, we have performed over 800 formulation development projects for over 225 client companies and have developed a world-wide reputation for creative approaches, reliability, rapid turnaround, successful formulations and client satisfaction.
LATITUDE’s focus is on the special challenges of formulation development for compounds that are highly insoluble, highly unstable, and/or have poor bioavailability. This focus has made a specialist with the experience and track record to tackle the toughest formulation challenges for problematic drug candidates.
employs a wide armamentarium of techniques and technologies, many of which are unique and proprietary, to address insolubility, instability, poor absorption, vein irritation, large/bulky doses, lack of protection and other formulation challenges over a wide range of pharmaceutical dosage forms.
also develops state-of-the-art drug delivery systems as proprietary platform  formulation technologies , including our Depot™ injectable depots and our Nano-E™ nano-emulsions. makes these technologies available to our clients to improve the efficacy, safety, and overall therapeutic value, as well as establish new intellectual property, for their drug compounds.
In addition, applies its own technologies to develop improved formulations of existing drugs that can be developed as accelerated-approval 505(b)(2) candidates.  Contact  for more information on these 505(b)(2) Licensing Opportunities.
In servicing the formulation challenges of biotech and pharmaceutical companies, has grown by building a strong repeat business while providing excellent services to our clients.   Contact us  for more information and to discuss how can address your drug formulation needs.Andrew Chen, PhD, RPh, President and Head of Research & Development
Andrew founded in 2003 to address the increasingly difficult formulation challenges facing biotech and pharmaceutical companies . With over 20 years of formulation experience covering small molecule, peptide, protein, nucleic acid, and virus-based pharmaceuticals, Andrew’s deep experience enables to rapidly pinpoint key issues with difficult compounds and rapidly develop toxicology and commercial formulations for its clients. His formulations are behind one approved drug, two NDA-stage drugs, and numerous clinical and preclinical projects. Andrew’s creative and inventive approach has led to over 25 issued and pending formulation patents, many of which name him as the sole inventor. Recently, his contributions were recognized with over $1 million in grant funding from the Helmsley Charitable Trust and to develop new therapies for diabetes. Before founding LATITUDE, Andrew held positions of increasing responsibility at Bristol Myers Squibb Co., Immulogic, Inc., Selective Genetics, Inc., and IriSys, Andrew obtained his degree in pharmacy from Zhejiang University and his in Phdegrees in Pharmaceutical Sciences from St. John’s University in New York. Andrew is also a registered pharmacist.
Matthew Singer , PhD, Vice President, Head of Business Development
Matt has over 20 years of experience in research and business development in the life sciences, as well as the reagent and pharmaceutical industries. Prior to joining in 2015, Matt was a business development executive at Allele Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals, and Stemgent, Inc., where he coordinated business development, licensing activities and strategic alliance management. Prior to his business development work, Matt held positions of increasing responsibility in an R&leadership role at Millipore and Exelixis , Matt received his degree in Molecular Biophysics and Biochemistry from Yale University, and earned his doctorate in the field of Molecular Biology at the University of California, Berkeley.
Stephen Wu, General Manager and Head of Operations 