X® is creating innovative & economical solutions for functional electronics fabrication by enabling additive manufacturing techniques
Metals® (X®), headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is an advanced material manufacturer of functional metallic inks that takes an application from prototype to production.
X® partners with manufacturers within the electronics industry to develop and print functional components utilized in various devices, including thin film solar cells; OLEDs; wearables and many others. Through our proprietary particle free inks, printing capabilities and technical expertise, we have the ability to take an application from concept to commercialization using additive manufacturing techniques.
Experience with multiple and alloys
The Expo is the largest specialty fabric […]
We provide the technology, process expertise and support to help take you from concept to commercialization
Carnegie Mellon University startup, X® was founded in 2010 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. We originated as a manufacturer of particle-free inks: a disruptive ink technology based on the atomic level of the metal which requires less silver loading, provides processing advantages and achieves better metal film properties than metal nanoparticle or flakes. Initially established based on our line of silver inkjet inks, we have grown our product line significantly to include gold and metal alloy inks as well as ink formulations for flexo, gravure, direct write and most recently screen printing and slot die.
Our years of experience in the development of our proprietary inks gives us a valuable understanding of compatibility with substrates, viscosity and surface tension requirements for all deposition methods, and the formulation adjustments required to achieve film/trace characteristics necessary for the application. This knowledge, along with our internal printing and testing capabilities, has allowed us to expand our scope in the electronics marketplace from being a supplier to a strategic partner to electronic device manufacturers. We now have the ability to develop and test functional prototype components based on our customer designs and then scale to commercialization volume. Our functional components, which include sensors and electrodes; PCBs; transparent conductive films; conductive fabrics and more, are being utilized in multiple industries, including thin film photovoltaics, OLEDs, automotive, e-textiles and others.
Our overarching goal is to help take our customers’ device concepts to commercialization by enabling electronics for the development of functional components. Through the use of our particle-free ink, printing capabilities and technical expertise, we will develop low cost, highly functional solutions tailored to precisely fit your needs.
Our goal is to work with partners across the value chain in a number of markets to aid in furthering Electronics technology in general.
Richard McCullough
We anticipate continuing to grow with the electronics market and becoming more involved in developing new and exciting technologies penetrating throughout the industry.
Beth Vasy
Cofounder & Executive Chairman
Dr. Richard McCullough is the Metals® Cofounder and Executive Chairman. Dr. McCullough is the Vice Provost for Research at Harvard University and Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at Harvard University. Dr. McCullough also served for five years as the Vice President of Research at Carnegie Mellon University, where he was the Thomas Lord Professor of Chemistry. Prior to this position, he held the position of Dean of Science for 7 years and Head of Chemistry for 3 years at Carnegie Mellon University.
Dr. McCullough is internationally known as the discoverer of regioregular polythiophenes which helped to usher in the era of organic electronics. He is a world expert and leader in electronics. He holds a Ph.from The Johns Hopkins University and a from The University of Texas at Dallas.
Bill Newlin
Board Member & Investor
Mr. William Newlin is Chairman of Newlin Investment Company, which he founded in 2007. Mr. Newlin is a X® Board Member and Investor.
seasoned executive and entrepreneur, Bill was the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer for DICK’Sporting Goods, Inc. (NYSE: DKS), a full-line sports and fitness retailer with more than 600 stores; and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for Buchanan Ingersoll, one of the 100 largest law firms in the U.S.
He serves on a number of Boards of Directors, most notably as immediate past Chairman of Kennametal Inc. (NYSE: KMT), one of the world’s leading producers of cutting tools and wear-resistant parts; Lead Director of Meritor, Inc., a first-tier supplier to the truck and off-road vehicle industry; Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation (NYSE:CCC), a global leader in services and solutions for cleaner and safer air and water; and a number of private companies.
Bill was also Co-Founder of Venture Funds, Founding Director of the Pittsburgh Technology Council and a Director of the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse. He is a member of the Materials Technology Expert Committee for the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University Collaborative Start-up Initiative.
In 2013, the Pittsburgh Venture Capital Association recognized Bill with a Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2001, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette named Bill Newlin one of the 50 top business leaders in the city. Pittsburgh Magazine named him in 1999 among the “Most Influential Pittsburghers of the Century.” The National Law Journal twice recognized him as one of “The Most Influential Lawyers of America.”
Bill graduated from Princeton University, has received the University of Pittsburgh Law School’s distinguished alumni award and was awarded an honorary doctorate of business administration degree from Robert Morris University.
Joseph Bartolacci is President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of Matthews International Corporation. He was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company in 2006.
Prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, he was President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company since 2005. Joseph was elected to the Board of Directors in 2005.
Prior thereto, he held various positions within Matthews, including President, Casket Division; Executive Vice President of Matthews; President, Matthews Europe; President, Caggiati, S.p.(a wholly-owned subsidiary of Matthews) and General Counsel of Matthews. As the only Matthews employee on the Board of Directors, Joseph provides management’s perspective in Board decisions about the business and strategic direction of the Company.
He has first-hand operating experience in many of the Company’s diverse global businesses, and brings a well-developed understanding of the industries in which the Company operates, and the opportunities within those industries to drive shareholder value.
Joseph received a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Saint Vincent College and a Juris Doctor from the University of Pittsburgh.
Joseph serves on the Company’s Pension Board, the Board of the Jas. Matthews & Co. Educational and Charitable Trust, and on the boards of various subsidiaries of Matthews. Joseph is a member of the Board of Directors of Saint Vincent College and Metals, Inc.
President & CEO
Mr. Greg Babe is a seasoned executive whose leadership skills have been forged through thirty plus years of diverse and challenging corporate assignments. Mr. Babe is the President and of X®.
Prior to retiring in 2012, ending a career that spanned more than three decades at Bayer, Mr. Babe was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bayer Corporation and Senior Bayer Representative for the United States and Canada responsible for the North American activities of the worldwide Bayer Group, an international health care, nutrition and innovative materials group based in Leverkusen, Germany. In addition, he was the President and of Bayer MaterialScience LLC.
Mr. Babe is the at Matthews International and is a member of the Board of Directors and a member of the Finance Committee.  He is also a Trustee of the Benedum Foundation where he serves on the Investment Committee.
native of West Virginia, Mr. Babe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in mechanical engineering from West Virginia University and in May 2012 was awarded an honorary doctorate of science from West Virginia University’s Benjamin Statler College of Engineering and Mineral Resources.
Mt. Lebanon, resident, Babe, is married with four children.
Beth Vasy, MBA
VP, Operations
Mrs. Beth Vasy joined X® in 2010 as employee number two. Mrs. Vasy graduated from the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University where she was chosen as James Swartz Entrepreneurial Fellow and completed the Entrepreneurship in Organizations track.
Prior to joining X®, she worked with numerous start-up companies to develop and commercialize technology along with intellectual property. Early in her career, Mrs. Vasy coordinated and managed numerous federally funded research studies for the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
In her role as of Operations at X®, Mrs. Vasy spearheads the commercialization efforts and oversees all daily operations of the company.
We invested in as a dynamic Carnegie Mellon spinout in the electronic ink space.
An added bonus was getting Greg Babe to be with his extensive experience.
Bill Newlin
