Powerful from the component to the system
Making a difference for a better future
Spare parts, diagnostics and analyzers
Shaping the future with innovative strength
is a leading development partner and supplier to the automotive industry as well as a pioneer and technology driver for the mobility of the future.
The Group is committed to making transportation more efficient, more environmentally friendly, and more comfortable. is continuously optimizing the combustion engine, driving forward the use of alternative fuels, and laying the foundation for the widespread acceptance and worldwide introduction of e-mobility.
Based on a broad systems competence consisting of Engine Systems and Components, Filtration, and Thermal Management, the group’s product portfolio addresses all the crucial issues relating to the powertrain and air conditioning technology. Thanks to its expertise in electric and electronic components and systems, can thus also offer integrated system solutions for e-mobility. 
products are fitted in at least every second vehicle worldwide. For decades, components and systems have also been used on the world’s racetracks and off the road—in stationary applications, for mobile machinery, rail transport, as well as marine applications.
Our technological strategy is the further optimization of internal combustion engines and, at the same time, we will push ahead with the development of electromobility.
With our strategic orientation, we are addressing megatrends such as population growth, urbanization, globalization, connectivity, or limiting emissions to promote climate protection. We not only see these as an opportunity for further growth, but as an obligation to design our technologies so that mobility on our planet is as environmentally friendly as possible.
Changes are part of everyday life at the Mühlacker location- including the 
North America: Think big. And electric. 
Between classic engines and the mobility of tomorrow. North America is a world of its own when it comes to automobiles.
Japan: Loving attention to detail for top quality
Turn, check - turn again and check once more. Absolute perfection in the manufacturing of thousands of products
Qualitätsmanagement bei "Good quality is of crucial importance. There is always room for improvement!"
This position of company founder Ernst still serves as a model for us today.
For our customers, quality means failure-free assembly, satisfied end customers, no product recalls—and thus a strong brand. For MAHLE, quality is a significant factor in our global success. Quality management is fully integrated into all business processes. We have developed an in-house Group standard for quality planning and controlling.
Our aim is to supply our customers with “best-in-class” quality. For this reason, we launched the group-wide Quality Improvement Program during the year under review. The program aims to further improve the traceability of causes of defects and thereby increase the effectiveness of both specific solutions and quality assurance overall. This also includes supplier quality.
quality awards from customers in 2017
Potential defect sources are already eliminated during product development.
Loving attention to detail for top quality
Compliance—basis for our business activities
As a global player, is fully aware of its social responsibility.
To ensure compliance with ethical principles and the legal requirements within the Group, we have developed a global compliance structure.
a global compliance organization with regional contacts and central reporting channels
the Business Code as a code of conduct to ensure that employees’ behavior complies with laws and regulations
a training concept to raise the awareness of employees in compliance-relevant risk areas
measures to ensure the sustainability of the compliance structure.
 © by  GmbH, Stuttgart 2005 - 2019 Our locations around the world continuously strive to further reduce waste volumes and emissions as well as the consumption of energy and water.
We consider it to be our most important task to harmonize the future of humanity with technical progress.
The basis for this is our environmental management system, introduced in 1996, which we maintain as part of the Business Processes. All aspects of safety at work, health care, and environmental protection are taken into consideration. As early as the planning stage for plants and processes, we take care to analyze risks and thus to ensure preventive safety at work, health care, and environmental protection in equal measure.
Targeted employee information facilitates responsible action at all levels. At the same time, our employees provide us with valuable suggestions for further improvements. Our Group-wide process structure, which sets global standards, ensures that procedures from the planning stage to implementation can be implemented completely in line with integrated safety at work, health care, and environmental protection.
strives to make its products as energy- and resource-efficient as possible.
Environmentally sound product design is an important consideration when developing new products. These basic principles also apply to our operational processes, which are designed to conserve energy and resources, following the standards 14001 and 50001, as well as 18001. By taking appropriate measures, also ensures that environmentally harmful events are avoided and limited in the case of damage. To this end, we invest in environmentally friendly, state-of-the-art technologies and actively support global climate protection efforts. Species conservation and diversity considerations are also taken into account in planning measures. Fulfilling the general obligation of due diligence in protected areas is second nature to MAHLE.
Die Welt, one of the most important daily newspapers in Germany, and Accenture, one of the world’s largest corporate consultancies, chose as the winner of their prestigious 500 Award for sustainable growth.
Contribution to environmentally-friendly mobility
The greatest contribution to environmental relief is provided by our core products. The innovative technologies, which reduce fuel consumption and emissions, have a permanent positive impact on the environmental balance in millions of vehicles worldwide. Reducing weight and friction in pistons and other engine components represents our contribution to improving efficiency and emission control.
The environmental statements of the locations can be requested by e-mail.
Important supplier information for the delivery of products, chemical materials, and preparations to can be found on the group website: Prohibition and declaration of substances
Information on the safety report for Murtede, Portugal according to the Directive 2012/18/can be found here. [PDF; 1885 KB]
The success story begins in 1920 when pistons made of heavy gray cast iron were being used in internal combustion engines for automobiles. The brothers countered this trend by producing light-alloy pistons at their small, newly established company—but the technology is still finicky and problems come up frequently. To keep dirt and dust out of the engine, they eventually developed air and oil filters as well. Their perseverance paid off: the light-alloy pistons began to take over the market.
Nowadays, half of all automobiles produced worldwide contain components. has developed from a small test workshop to a technologically leading, globally active Group.
From a small test workshop to a leader in technology and an industrial enterprise: the central issue at the time is whether the light-alloy piston favored by Ernst can replace the gray cast iron piston. New alloys and the invention of the ring carrier piston by Ernst finally provide the breakthrough.
The darkest chapter in German history—national socialism and World War II—also leaves a deep mark on the development of as a company: with aircraft, cars, and commercial vehicles being built primarily for military purposes, EC—known as from 1938—becomes a supplier to the armament industry because of its product range.
“Turbometal”—a dense metal mesh for air filters—is registered for patent
Sixty percent of the corporate substance and assets of were lost in World War Following the first hard years after the war, the company has to survive by manufacturing other products, but then rapidly benefits from the general economic boom.
Series production of AUTOTHERMATIK® pistons
First use of paper filter elements in engine peripherals in Europe
The seventies and eighties are a time of growth at The company also reactivates its Filter unit. In the nineties, confronts the globalization and concentration in the automotive industry by taking the great step from components manufacturer to development partner and supplier of systems and modules.
Hermann and Ernst step down from the Management Board.
Acquisition of holding in Fundiciones Industriales S.A., Spain; today: S.A.
Aluminum engine blocks made by low-pressure die casting in series
First pistons made of ductile iron () for truck diesel engines
Production use of laser welding on valve tappets in the automotive industry
Acquisition of Técafiltres and Soparis S.A., France; today: Filtersysteme France SAS
Acquisition of Mondial Piston S.p.A., Italy; today: Componenti Motori Italia S.p.A.
Systems partner. Technology leader.
At the beginning of the 1990s, the situation in the automotive industry comes to a head: competition is becoming tougher, price pressure is rising. Requirements relating to quality and supply availability are increasing. Design and development tasks traditionally entrusted to the vehicle industry are being assigned more and more to the suppliers.
Merger of the iron and steel activities of with J.Wizemann & Co. to form the Wizemann Group
Acquisition of majority holding in Metal Leve S.A., Brazil; today: Metal Leve S.A.
Start of robot-aided medium-pressure die casting
The ecological oil filter concept is awarded first prize by the Federation of German Industries (Bund der deutschen Industrie - BDI)
Takeover of the piston ring activities of Cofap with locations in Brazil (today: Metal Leve S.A.) and Portugal (today: Componentes de Motores S.A.)
174 piston alloy for high performance aluminium diesel engines goes in series
Name change of companies with majority holding by “MAHLE” in company name
grows into a leading global development partner in the automotive and engine industry—despite the global economic crisis that destabilized markets in 2008. In 1999, the group employs about 25,000 people. Over half of the sales are generated outside of Europe.
Pistons with cooled ring carriers for passenger car diesel engines in series
Intake module for gasoline engine with variable length
First ECOFORM® pistons for passenger car gasoline engines
Series production of a new three-stage resonance intake module
Complete takeover of Brockhaus Soehne GmbH, Germany; today: Motorkomponenten Expansion of the research and development center in Farmington Hills, Detroit/USA
Acquisition of the activated carbon canister activities of Behr in the USA
New Aftermarket logistics center opened in Krotoszyn/Poland
New research and development center opened in Shanghai
Plastic cylinder head covers with integrated oil mist separation and pressure regulation
Start of development activities for exhaust gas turbochargers for gasoline and diesel engines
Acquisition of Edival in Argentina; today: Argentina S.A.
MonoXcomp® and EVOTEC® pistons
Two-stage diesel fuel filter with integrated water separation
Acquisition of the intake modules and air filtration business segment of Siemens Automotive; today: Filter Systems Canada, ULC
Research and development center opened in Jundiaí near São Paulo/Brazil
Foundation of Bosch Turbo Systems & Co. as a 50/50 joint venture for the development and production of exhaust gas turbochargers
uses the time to further improve its strategic position and to prepare for the future. With the aquisitionof Behr in 2013 around 17,000 new employees at 38 production locations and three major research and development centers worldwide join the family.
Majority acquisition of the industrial business of Behr Group; today: Industrial Thermal Systems Co.KG
First use of modular all-plastic oil filter housing in the commercial vehicle, industry, and generator areas
All-plastic oil filter with integrated thermal management in series
First TopWeld® steel pistons for passenger car applications
increases share in Behr Group from 19.9 to 36.85 percent
Acquisition of remaining shares in the Turkish engine components manufacturer MAHLEMopisan; today: Izmir and MAHLEKonya A.S.
Ballast water treatment system is certified; first high-volume order
First order for counterflow staggered blade charge air coolers
Expansion R&center in Shanghai/China is opened
Technologies, Inc., headquartered in York, Pennsylvania/is taken over; today: Aftermarket Inc., Service Solutions
acquires a share of approximately 30 percent in the Japanese company
increases its share in the Behr Group to 51 percent; Behr formsthe new Thermal Management business unit
Aftermarket logistics center in Schorndorf/Germany is expanded
competence center for pumps is opened in Brattendorf, Thüringen/Germany
The piston joint venture India Pistons Limited (IPL) in Chennai/India is completely acquired
New sales and logistics center in Obninsk/Russia
New plant for the Filtration and Engine Peripherals business unit in Wuhan/China
New plant for Shanghai Behr Thermal Systems, a joint venture between Behr and Shanghai Sanden Behr Automotive Air Conditioning in Shengyang/China
Acquisition of majority shareholding in Letrika
Second expansion of the research and development center in Shanghai/China
New plant for the Thermal Management business unit in Shenyang/China
Worldwide first automated production line for passenger car steel pistons
New plants in Ramos Arizpe and Celaya in Mexico as well as Chengdu/China
Thermal management business of Delphi is acquired
merges the product divisions of Electric Drives and Applications as well as Actuators into the Mechatronics division
Expansion of the cooperation with Scuderia Ferrari
Start of the innovation program
„Ignition Day“ on the topic of Industry 4.0
World’s first controllable pendulum- slider oil pump for commercial vehicles
opens Vehicle Engineering Centre in Northampton/Great Britain
Powertrain opens a new testing center in Plymouth, Michigan/USA
With over 12 billion, achieves the highest sales in the history of the company
Acquisition of the Spanish electronics specialist Nagares SA
Opening of new climate compressor plant in Changshu
World debut 48-volt vehicle concept at Cars 2017 in Frankfurt/Germany
Pedelec components and drive in series production
Minority participation in diagnostics specialist Brain Bee AG
Locations in Stuttgart receive seal of approval for their family-friendly personnel policy
Collaboration with Faurecia on technologies for thermal management of the Cockpit of the Future
500 Award for sustainable growth
Corporate Planning and Corporate Communications
Environmental Management/Safety at Work for the group
Industrial Thermal Management, Compressors and Control Units profit centers
Automotive Sales and Application Engineering
Corporate Planning and Corporate Communications
Environmental Management/Safety at Work for the group
Industrial Thermal Management, Compressors and Control Units profit centers
Automotive Sales and Application Engineering
"Donate today - with the vision for tomorrow"
Engagement for biodynamic seed breeding
Each year the Foundation supports approximately 150 projects worldwide. In doing so, it works in accordance with the central idea of "Donate today - with the vision for tomorrow".
The aim is to enable a better future by supporting innovative projects. In line with the anthroposophical thinking and actions of its founders, the leitmotifs which form the basis of all of the Foundation's work are appreciation of and responsibility towards other people, the environment and nature.
In 1964, company founders Hermann and Dr. Ernst transferred 99.9 percent of their ownership of the Company to the Foundation and 0.1 percent to MABEG, which was entitled sole voting rights in the corporation. The objective was to take the Company out of the line of succession in order to avoid possible fragmentation. moderate yet stable distribution of profits to the Foundation was to allow the Company to make extensive long-term investments and achieve further growth. It was also intended to ensure sustainable project work of the foundation.
 serves charitable causes—by promoting health care, youth development and welfare, schooling, general adult education and vocational training, as well as organic farming. Its funding priorities have long included the 
 near Stuttgart, where doctors combine modern, scientific conventional medicine with holistic, anthroposophical medicine. 
In recent years, the foundation has expanded its area of activity to the plane and now supports medical and social projects in many countries, particularly in Brazil.
Filderklinik near Stuttgart, where doctors combine modern, scientific conventional medicine with holistic, anthroposophical medicine.
Since our early days, the development of piston systems and cylinder components has been a core competence at Because we understand the interaction of engine components, we can deliver optimal solutions to our customers. Our products are used around the globe in two-wheeled vehicles, passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and large engines.
manufactures filters, pump systems, and oil coolers for engine and transmission applications—all of which are designed to increase the engine’s efficiency and service life and reduce emissions. We are thus contributing to clean air and preventing engine damage resulting from oil and fuel contamination.
An increasing electrification of the powertrain calls for superior innovative capacity in thermal management—for batteries and the entire electric powertrain alike. is a technological pioneer when it comes to the thermal management of batteries. Our solutions ensure constant temperature levels and an even distribution of temperature between battery cells.
Aftermarket supplies a broad portfolio of products and services in original equipment quality to the trade and automotive workshops worldwide. In addition to standard spares, such as engine parts, filters, turbochargers, and mechatronics components, Aftermarket is increasingly offering products for thermal management, vehicle diagnostics, exhaust gas analyzers, and service equipment for maintaining systems and automatic transmissions.
Mechatronic components are playing an increasingly crucial role in enhancing the efficiency of the powertrain and advancing e-mobility. With its electric drives, actuators and auxiliaries, and control and power electronics product groups, already offers relevant solutions in this area today.
This Profit Center develops and produces highend engine components for the entire Motorsports industry as well as components and systems for high-performance production vehicles. The Engineering Services cover the entire range of drive system development.
The Large- and Small Engine Components is partner to all leading engine manufacturers. works closely with manufacturers to develop new materials and new products for more robust and even more efficient engines. Optimization of existing components and systems plays an important role here.
The profit center Industrial Thermal Management is one of the world's leading original equipment manufacturers today, developing cooling and air conditioning systems as well as complete thermal management solutions that are used in various mobile and stationary off-highway areas.
The profit center Control Units develops and manufactures control and operating devices for vehicle air conditioning. The range includes simple, mechanical as well as semi-and fully automatic operating devices with a high degree of simple, intuitive operation.
This profit center includes the compressor business of former Delphi Thermal. has acquired the Thermal Management Division of the automotive supplier Delphi Automotive at the end of June 2015. The profit center Compressors is specialized in the production, development and sale of compressors for air conditioning systems.
Education is the key to social advancement. That’s why we are sponsoring specific educational projects such as “Formare” in Brazil.
As a company that operates internationally, we bear social responsibility.
Our innovations, resource-efficient technologies, and modern production processes are helping to steadily reduce the pressure on people and the environment. We are working in all areas of the group to make further improvements in this respect.
As a stakeholder in society, we are assuming greater social responsibility. Beneficent projects, donation collections, and charitable actions are often initiated locally—supported by the voluntary engagement of our employees. Taking on responsibility for the common good as a “friendly neighbor” is an integral characteristic of the culture.
Examples of our global commitment:
MAHLEWorldwide initiatives and engagement
For several years, has been involved in the project “Focus on iThemba” (“iThemba” means “hope” in Zulu) in South Africa, which promotes the schooling and further education of orphans. The focus here is not just on financial support. The young people are offered real prospects, and some are subsequently taken on as employees.
In conjunction with the Fengxian Qingxi Middle School in Shanghai, launched the Sprout Program that focuses on teaching practical knowledge. employees give talks at the school, offer hands-on experience, and organize exciting competitions for the pupils.
is supporting the “Vergel” agricultural community near the Mogi Guaçu location in Brazil, where around 100 small farmers are operating a cooperative. They are now even supplying our canteen in Mogi Guaçu with organically grown produce.
India: Solidarity with the weak
employees provide volunteer services in children's and nursing homes and help aid organizations with blood and stem cell donations like in India, where employees regularly donate blood to the Sassoon Hospital at Pune.
Making a difference for a better future
Already our founders Hermann and Ernst attributed importance to combining long-term entrepreneurial thinking with social engagement. 
The dividends of the Group are used to sponsor a multitude of social projects through the Foundation. Furthermore, itself participates in many initiatives with a high level of social commitment. Taking on responsibility for the common good as a “friendly neighbor” is an integral characteristic of the culture.
Each year the Foundation supports approximately 150 projects worldwide. In doing so, it works in accordance with the central idea of "Donate today - with the vision for tomorrow".
participates in many initiatives with a high level of commitment—supported by the voluntary engagement of our employees.
In order to continue to recruit, develop, and retain qualified and motivated talent as an attractive employer, launched the Boost! project. 
At home on five continents 
understood early on that internationalization represents a unique opportunity and consequently rounded out its product portfolio by strategically founding new companies and taking over existing ones around the world.
We are now present on five continents. At some 170 production locations and 16 major research and development centers, 78,000 employees develop and manufacture forward-looking products and systems.
Making a difference for a better future
Already our founders Hermann and Ernst attributed importance to combining long-term entrepreneurial thinking with social engagement. 
The dividends of the Group are used to sponsor a multitude of social projects through the Foundation. Furthermore, itself participates in many initiatives with a high level of social commitment. Taking on responsibility for the common good as a “friendly neighbor” is an integral characteristic of the culture.
Each year the Foundation supports approximately 150 projects worldwide. In doing so, it works in accordance with the central idea of "Donate today - with the vision for tomorrow".
participates in many initiatives with a high level of commitment—supported by the voluntary engagement of our employees.
In order to continue to recruit, develop, and retain qualified and motivated talent as an attractive employer, launched the Boost! project. 
 © by  GmbH, Stuttgart 2005 - 2019 With their diverse skills, commitment, and expertise, our employees are the foundation of our success and the key to the future of the Group.
For this reason, a central focus of our activities has, for many years, been on the careful selection, thorough development, and further education of our workforce. By supporting our employees as their talents grow, we not only help them in their own personal development but also generate added value for MAHLE.
In order to continue to recruit, develop, and retain qualified and motivated talent as an attractive employer in the face of sustained high competitive pressure, launched the Boost! strategic project. As part of the global personnel strategy, Boost! encompasses and combines several subprojects in the areas of employer branding, recruitment, career development, and diversity.
By signing Germany’s Diversity Charter, has shown its group-wide commitment as a supporter and promoter of diversity and of appropriate programs and initiatives that are conducive to the idea of diversity.
further important cornerstone of our marketing is Formula Student. also supports this initiative around the world through investments and training measures. Globally, sponsors 29 teams: 20 in the Internal Combustion Engine Vehicle class and 9 in the Electric Vehicle class.
Promoting the balance of work and family life
