2018 W-2s will be mailed to associates on January 31, 2019 to the home address on file as of January 4, 2019. Click here to read more.
Sign up and receive all the benefits Resourcehas to offer.
Placing professionals in direct hire jobs throughout the country.
Presented in partnership with CareerBuilder, Inavero’s Best of Staffing Talent winners have proven to be industry leaders in service quality based entirely on ratings provided by the permanent and temporary employees they’ve helped find jobs. On average, job seekers who work with winning agencies are 1.7 times more likely to be completely satisfied with the services provided compared to those placed by non-winning agencies. Less than 2% of all staffing agencies in the and Canada have earned the Best of Staffing Award for service excellence.
Resourceis proud to announce we are among the first to achieve the Safety Standard of Excellence mark from American Staffing Association and National Safety Council. This accomplishment not only shows that we care about the safety of our temporary employees, but also that we adhere to industry best practices and are committed to continuous improvement.
Specializing in placing workers in jobs within the industry!
Resourceplaces temporary and direct hire employees within the total spectrum of jobs including production, quality, maintenance, supervision, and all levels of management.  
Resourceis the manufacturer’s first choice for a partnership that goes beyond simply providing employees.
With more than 160 locations in 34 states and over 22,000 workers on assignment, Resourceis the largest specialty staffing company in the country. Unlike staffing generalists, Resourcewas designed and built as a workforce specialist. We place workers in jobs.  It's all we do. Period.
Are you tired of wasting time and money with unqualified workers, unproductive staff, and turnover? Of not knowing where to turn for semi-skilled and highly-skilled employees?
Founded by a veteran who was frustrated by his experience with the traditional staffing services that didn't understand "his world," Resourceis the first and, with more than 160 locations in 34 states and over 22,000 workers on assignment, the largest national staffing company to specialize in manufacturing. We recruit and screen for more than 200 manufacturing-specific skills and have more than 30 proprietary screening tools.
We know manufacturing. It's all we do.
Our recruiters are trained professionals, most with years of experience and a high degree of local knowledge. And everyone who joins Resourcehas to be internally certified in two areas. The first is the basic skill sets common to all environments. The second is in safety and includes many standards and procedures.
thorough recruiting, screening and qualifications process that ensures the right candidates for you. And mandatory safety orientations for all candidates that provide insights into safety issues, reducing on-the-job injuries.
We recruit for all hiring options: temp-to-hire, direct hire, and long-term contracts. And, for all but direct hires, Resourceworkers are on assignment through our company. This means that we handle payroll, benefits, unemployment claims and workers compensation, saving you time and money, minimizing your liability, and allowing you the flexibility to adjust your workforce as needed.
And because we use lean processes within our own company, we are highly attuned to and aligned with your own lean journey.
Here are just a few of the hundreds of testimonials we've had from clients:
"Resourceis really responsive; 15-20 minute call-backs are common."
"They don't send non-qualified people."
If you want better-screened, more-productive, safer employees - whether it's one highly-skilled worker or hundreds of entry-level employees - call ResourceMFG.
Sign up and receive all the benefits Resourcehas to offer.
Placing professionals in direct hire jobs throughout the country.
