We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By continuing with our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.
Accept and close
Recycling Products
Compactor & Baler Info For Architects
Rep Locator 
Ultimate combination of power and efficiency.
Auger Compactors have superior volume reduction and lower maintenance cost.
Self-Contained Compactors
Compactor Containers
Transfer System Compactors
Compactor Options
Heavy-Duty Vertical Balers
Solar-Hybrid Compactors
Cart Dumpers
Recycling Products
Heavy-Duty Vertical Balers
Two-Ram Balers
Recycling Perforators
Cart Dumpers
Anaerobic Digestion Systems
Organics Co-Collection
Government Purchasing through Sourcewell
AST-440 Twin Auger Compactor
Designed to compact large volumes of waste material
Ready Baler Program
commercial balers are ready when you are with our Ready Baler Program.
The best balers and compactors in the business.
At Equipment, crushing and converting bulk into manageable payload is just another day at the office.
is known throughout the world as a leading manufacturer of onsite waste balers and compactors for recycling. Through innovative products, industry expertise, and superior customer service, is the partner of choice for businesses and municipalities who need to quickly and efficiently process solid waste and recyclables. 
Benefits of Compaction
Visit the other members of the family:
Transparency in Supply Chains
Building a Legacy of Performance, Innovation, Quality, and Service
is known throughout the world as a leading manufacturer of on-site waste compaction and recycling systems.
is organized into three business segments aligned with the evolving needs of customers in the global solid waste and recycling industry:
The Compaction Solutions group offers durable high-quality compactors, compactions containers, and transfer systems for solid waste handling applications
The Recycling Solutions group offers creative solutions for today’s recycling, solid waste, and material handling challenges. Our is designed for a wide variety of recycling and scrap processing operations and includes precision-built auto-tie, two-ram, and manual-tie horizontal and vertical balers, conveyors, and complete systems.
The Renewable Energy Solutions group is working with Zero Waste Energy of Lafayette, California to address the needs of the globally expanding waste-to-energy market. Together we are helping customers implement environmentally friendly anaerobic digestion technology to convert organic waste into usable energy sources such as electricity and compressed natural gas (CNG).
is committed to the developing skilled teams at every level of the organization whose diverse educational, professional, and life experiences drive technical innovation, business leadership, and the pursuit of excellence. If you would like to become part of the Team, please review the current employment opportunities by clicking the link below.
provides premier, innovative solutions that process, transport, and transform the solid waste stream into sustainable resources that benefit our customers and communities.
Dover is a diversified global manufacturer with annual revenues exceeding $7 billion. We deliver innovative and components, specialty systems and support services through four major operating segments: Energy, Engineered Systems, Fluids, and Refrigeration & Food Equipment. Dover combines global scale with operational agility to lead the markets we serve. Recognized for our entrepreneurial approach for over 60 years, our team of over 29,000 employees takes an ownership mindset, collaborating with customers to redefine what's possible. Headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois, Dover trades on the New York Stock Exchange under "DOV". Additioinformationions is available at  www.dovercorporation.com .
Visit the other members of the family: