The Balancer: like adding free panels to your solar array.
Up to 30% more power. fraction of the cost of a micro-inverter. Meet the Balancer.
Make the solar investment. And, make it pay back faster.
Maximize solar output now, and for the next 20 years.
The Balancer recovers power lost to shade, clouds, dust and age, then injects that energy back into the system to increase output by 15% or more. More economical and reliable than conventional optimizers and micro-inverters, the Balancer helps you achieve a return on your solar investment faster. Let it rain, let the wind blow, let the neighbors' trees grow—the Balancer keeps your installation pumping at capacity no matter what comes. Learn More .
Maxout's Balancer starts improving power output from the moment it is installed and increases in usefulness as a system ages. Featuring snap-together wiring and rugged construction, the Balancer is simple to install and maintain. Balancer-equipped solar array stands apart from conventional systems, with built-in efficiency and protection from fouling and aging to bring a far faster return on investment.  Learn more .
The Balancer utilizes patented optimization technology to pull maximum power from every panel in a solar array. Real-time monitoring information helps you maximize the health of your installation. In daylight the Balancer makes a system perform like it has more panels. In low light it keeps the system pumping, so you see a return on your investment far sooner. Learn more .
February, 2018 - has won a Concept Award from the California Sustainable Energy Entrepreneur Development (CalSEED) program to develop it’s Polyverter smart string inverter. CalSEED, which aims to fund promising energy entrepreneurs with early-stage concepts, is funded by the California Energy Commission and is administered by the California Clean Energy Fund.
March, 2016 - Patent number 9,300,133 covering central inverter technology issues.  
September, 2015 - Patent number 9,136,703 issues. According to and inventor Dr. Cummings, "this patent covers our finding that the same power electronics that make the Balancer optimizer work can also keep inverters producing power in dim light and cloudy days. The Balancer can be the boost stage for the inverter, which saves about a third of the inverter cost." This patent is the nexus of Maxout's Balancer and Polyverter development and results in savings of about $500 on a typical install. 
September, 2015 - Patent number 9,136,704 issues. "This is the first of our inverter patents and a real milestone. This patent covers key technical features that improve central inverter reliability and serviceability," explains and inventor Dr. Eric Cummings. aims to make a central inverter with maximum energy harvest and minimum capital and operating costs---compatible with $0.02/kW-hr solar power.
May 22, 2015 Maxout's Polyverter functionality proven in lab tests. "We finished proof-of-principle testing and verified four of our architectural advances. The next stage is product development, but first we have some patent writing to finish," said Dr. Cummings.
February 27, 2015 - Maxout's Polyverter design released for fabrication. The Polyverter will bring residential inverter costs below $0.10/with unprecedented reliability. "It took five discrete architectural advances to achieve our breakthrough in cost and performance and four generations of in-silico design development to get to this milestone. I've never seen such a cost and time-effective development of an unprecedented product. This is a real triumph of teamwork and tenacity," claims Dr. Cummings.
November, 2014 - Kurt Kuhlman has joined as the company's new Chief Technical Officer.  Kurt is a Silicon Valley veteran, having operated an engineering consultancy for over ten years and holding over 20 years of experience in a wide range of  design and electronics disciplines.  His strength is supporting the transition from product design to production and he has a proven track record with lights and water purification products.
Kuhlman has been an advisor to the Stanford University Institute of Design since 2005. He holds a bachelor's degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a master's degree from University of Massachusetts-Amherst in radar and microwave design.
November, 2014 - was selected as the  Cleantech Open national category finalist in the Energy Generation category. The announcement was made in San Francisco at the Cleantech Open Global Forum , the “Academy Awards of Cleantech,” which marked the grand finale of this year’s Cleantech Open Accelerator and the culmination of the 2014 Cleantech Open Global Ideas Competition. Meet all of the winners at:
Congratulations to everyone at Maxout, and to all of the inspired companies that participated in the Cleantech Open at the regional and national levels. 
October, 2014 - is heading to the finals of the CleanTech Open !
The Cleantech Open is a not-for-profit organization that runs the world’s largest accelerator for cleantech startups. Their mission is to find, fund and foster entrepreneurs with big ideas that address today’s most urgent energy, environmental and economic challenges.
As one of four Western Region finalists is on its way to the Global Forum next month in San Francisco. This event will showcase the best new clean technology start-ups from 8 regions and 6 other countries who have just completed the Cleantech Open Accelerator program. 
Congratulations to the entire team, and to all of the Cleantech Open finalists and semifinalists!
September, 2014 - has been selected as a finalist to present at this October. focuses on practical, scalable energy solutions. 
June, 2014 - announces opening of convertible note of up to $1.5 million.
June, 2014 - is selected as a semifinalist for the 2014 CleanTech Open .
April, 2014 - Maxout's patent issues for "Architecture for Power Plan Comprising Clusters of Power-Generation Devices." 
January, 2012 - was invited to display at the ARPA-Energy Innovation Summit in National Harbor, Maryland.
December, 2011 - celebrates its successful development of a second-generation Balancer.
May, 2011 - successfully tests first generation electrical prototype balancer, exceeding target conversion efficiency over a wide range in module and string voltage.
Livermore, 94551About develops products and technologies that drive down costs and raise efficiency. We are focused on manufacturing products that will help solar power compete head-to-head with coal and other cheap energy sources.
The team is led by Dr. Eric Cummings, who founded Cool Earth Solar and invented the LCOE-optimized PV-plant power suite that includes the innovative balancer, having worked on this critical system problem extensively for three years.  Dr. Cummings has a true insider’s view of the cost structures and electronics needs of utility-scale and power plants, which guides and constrains Maxout’s products.  His core expertise is finding inventive solutions to heavily constrained problems. 
Previously, Dr. Cummings worked as a Principal Scientist at Sandia National Laboratories in Micro and Nanofluidics and founded LabSmith, Inc., a laboratory equipment company he founded and bootstrapped.  He conceived, designed, coded, and supported LabSmith’s novel electronic products, learning how to reduce risk, speed time-to-market, and add product value over time via firmware updates and how to implement powerful control algorithms in simple microcontrollers, two capabilities that will use extensively.  Eric earned his Ph.in Aeronautics and Chemistry from Caltech in 1995, earning the prestigious Clauser prize for “opening new avenues of human endeavor and thought” for his thesis, which created a new laser diagnostic technique.  He is holder of 21 issued and 9 pending patents, including 4 issued for specific technologies.
Kurt leads Maxout's technology development.  As the founder of Meridian Design and D-Rev Specialties, Kurt's product design and commercialization background and track record of bringing innovative products to market help position as a technology leader.  Kurt holds a bachelor's degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a master's degree from University of Massachusetts-Amherst in radar and microwave design.
Kirsten Pace brings product design and operations management expertise to Maxout.  Kirsten was one of the founders of Cool Earth Solar, and is currently of LabSmith, a leading microfluidics technology company.  Kirsten holds a in Mechanical Engineering from Penn State University.
Maxout's advisors include leading innovators and dedicated and tenacious technical staff.
Prof. Keyue Smedley, Advisor and Collaborator: Prof. Keyue Smedley, who has collaborated with in the Balancer development, is a leading pioneer in power electronics and director the power electronics laboratory of University of California Irvine.  Prof. Keyue Smedley is an expert’s expert in all aspects of power electronics, especially switch-timing control methodologies, efficient power architectures, active and passive soft-switching, interleaving, and realistic simulation.  Prof. Smedley has invented a regenerative snubber for flyback circuits that provides up to 7% efficiency boost.  She will help us to reconcile our models with experiment, refine our snubber circuitry, optimize the efficient-operating envelope, and assist with control algorithms.
Dr. Greg Smedley, Advisor and Collaborator: Dr. Greg Smedley has also collaborated in the Balancer development.  He is founder and of One-Cycle Control, Inc., a power-electronics company that has developed a wide range of innovative power modules and systems, including a light-weight, 40 kW, rack-mount inverter, an agile var generator, motor controllers, and an award-winning power mobile power module for the army.  He also co-founded iinovations, Inc., and taught design at Caltech. Holding 3 issued and 7 pending patents, Dr. Smedley is an expert in creative system and module design, circuit protection, certification, and high-power electronics. He will help us prepare for certifications and UL-testing, refine designs, conceive control strategies, and resolve thermal issues. 
Howard Mullin, Manufacturing Consultant: Howard's manufacturing expertise has be instrumental in the cost-effective design of the Balancer housing. Howard is an expert at creating material intensive solutions that minimize labor – during manufacturing and throughout the life of the product. He is founder and of Control Plastics, an injection molding and machining product design and manufacturing company. He specializes in working with engineers and designers to improve designs for manufacturing and function as well as helping with material selection and assembly techniques.
Jim Diestel, Marketing and Business Development Consultant: Jim is an accomplished marketing and business development executive with broad international experience. He has formed and recruited marketing teams in North America, China, and Europe and negotiated business partnerships in the US, China, Korea, Indonesia, Germany, Brazil, Japan, France, Israel, and the delivering hundreds millions in annual revenue for start-ups and Fortune1000 firms. He has an undergraduate degree from the University of California, Berkeley and an from California State University. An accomplished and sought after public speaker, Jim has presented at seminars and conferences worldwide. He is motivated by the challenge of generating profitable revenue streams through positive marketing campaigns. Jim has been an independent marketing and business development consultant since 2009.
