 is an advanced materials company that delivers next generation materials utilizing our roll-to-roll (R2R) manufacturing technology that can be applied to the production of a broad range of useful materials and devices.
By applying our innovative R2technology to fields such as flexible electronics, displays, solar energy, photonics, optics and data storage, we can offer competitive advantages through lower cost, higher throughput and larger area production. We work closely with leading technology firms, Fortune 500 companies, universities and the Government to dramatically improve products and manufacturing processes.
These are some of the technologies we're involved in. Please click on images in the slideshow to see more.
Transparent Conductors Low-cost patterned films for electronic devices and lighting.
Flexible Electronics Thin-film transistors and circuit components on plastic films for rollable displays, electronics and sensor networks.
Photovoltaics Use of nanopatterned substrates in solar cells for improved efficiency and reduced costs.
Nanoantenna Fabrication of nano-scale antennas and terahertz electronics for energy harvesting and THz-wave detection.
Optical Data Storage Roll-to-roll nanoforming and thin-film vacuum coating to produce extreme capacity archival data storage media.
In-Line R2Processing Growth and harvesting of arrays of custom-shaped particles for chemical, biological and sensor/detection applications.
Thin-film transistors and circuit components on plastic films for rollable displays, electronics and sensor networks.
Photovoltaics
Use of nanopatterned substrates in solar cells for improved efficiency and reduced costs.
Optical Data Storage
Growth and harvesting of arrays of custom-shaped particles for chemical, biological and sensor/detection applications.
Optical Data Storage
This jQuery slider was created with the free EasyRotator software from DWUser.com.
News at Dr. Dennis Slafer, presenter at 2016 Stakeholder Meeting on October 18-19, 2016
Partner, Iowa State University, is the recipient of an grant for “Enhanced Light Extraction from Low Cost White OLEDs (WOLEDs) Fabricated on Novel Patterned Substrates”
Partner, RedWave Energy, Inc., is the recipient of an ARPA-grant for “High Speed Diode and Rectenna for Waste Heat to Electricity Harvesting”
Dr. Dennis Slafer, R2Manufacturing panelist at The Sixth Annual Solid-State Lighting Manufacturing R&Workshop on May 7–8, 2014
edited by Garret Moddel, Sachit Grover: 2013, Springer Chapter 16 Dennis Slafer “Techniques for Roll-to-Roll Manufacturing of Flexible Rectenna Solar Cells.”Background & Core Technology
Inc., located in Cambridge, MA, was founded in 1998 by a group of former Polaroid scientists and engineers with the goal of developing and applying new and innovative roll-to-roll manufacturing technologies.
While at Polaroid, the founders were responsible for the development of advanced roll-to-roll applications in micro- and nanostructure fabrication, optical data storage, imagine materials, and holography.  Today, continues to develop new manufacturing technology based on core expertise in:
precision micro- and nano-imprinting (“NIL”)
additive and subtractive nanopatterning
In addition, MicroContinuum's staff has extensive capabilities in the design and construction of custom pilot and manufacturing equipment and process-monitoring instrumentation.
