We believe in what people make possible
Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.
Find out all about Microsoft—company facts, news, how to contact us, and more.
Explore the world of Who we are
Get to know some of our people, places, and ideas. And meet the leaders who shape our vision.
Meet the people of What we value
See how we give our and resources to make a lasting positive impact.
Read about our company's values
Get in touch. We’re here to help.
Get the support you need
We’re supporting more than 1,000 researchers at labs around the world to achieve scientific breakthroughs.
We believe is a force for social and economic inclusion, and we’re working to ensure that everyone has access to the opportunities it creates.
At Microsoft, we’re moved and inspired by many things. Take a look at what we’re up to today.
Our goals are to minimize the impact of our operations and products, and to foster responsible environmental leadership.
We believe that, when designed with people at the center, can extend your capabilities, free you up for more creative and strategic endeavors, and help you or your organization achieve more.
innovation continues to revolutionize how people work, connect, and experience the world—and we license many of our patents and technologies to help other companies grow.
For more than 40 years has been making big, bold bets on the future of technology. By investing more than $11    billion in research and development annually, we continue to expand the possibilities of computing and converged technologies.
patents can be found wherever there are cutting-edge products—from PCs and smartphones, to sensor-based devices,    to healthcare and industrial automation. We relentlessly seek to drive the future of innovation—for us, our partners,    and our customers. We constantly look for opportunities to work with other companies, our technologies and patents    to help them innovate and grow.
In short, our heritage of innovation is what enables to further its mission of empowering every person and every    organization on the planet to achieve more.
is helping our partners shape the future across a range of sectors, fueling the development of exciting    new technology.
Microsoft’s investments in research and development help create new and better products, services, and experiences      for the benefit of our customers.
We’re proud that this unparalleled approach makes us unique. We take an open, active stance toward most of our      technologies, reflected by more than 1,200 agreements under commercially reasonable terms with more      than 700 of the world’s most dynamic and innovative companies worldwide.
For companies looking to grow, or import or export internationally, it’s critical to be informed about patents.    When businesses license patents, they benefit from decades of work by researchers that can help them:
Microsoft’s expertise is unparalleled and unique. Our established leadership and vast experience in building operating systems,      productivity applications, mobile computing devices, speech and vision technologies, user interfaces, gaming, file systems,      communications protocols, and other technologies helps our partners create the products and devices of tomorrow.
Access one of the world’s strongest patent portfolios
Microsoft’s diverse patent portfolio is consistently ranked at the top of the industry. is ranked #1      by the Spectrum Patent Power Scorecards in Computer Software1.
license from gives companies peace of mind and a platform for developing their own products.
At Microsoft, we believe our greatest advancements are still ahead. From software and mobile computing to quantum computing    and AI, to virtual and augmented reality, we are a leader in transforming technology. Our Research Centers showcase some of the ways    we are surpassing the limits of today’s technology.
Learn More about Patent Engage with my business proposal
has established a comprehensive review process to evaluate third-party business proposals. The Opportunity Management Center (OMC) provides you a safe and effective way to engage with your business proposal and ensures you receive timely      feedback and relevant resources. The site is designed to help you      efficiently submit a business proposal for consideration by Microsoft.
To facilitate interoperability with its most popular products, licenses the patents that cover technical specifications      for the protocols used to communicate with those products, its most popular binary file formats, and key standards and      languages that are implemented in certain products. Visit Open Specifications Programs for details.
View Microsoft’s policy to learn about it and how it applies to academics, software developer kits, and Microsoft's existing standards commitments.
