Origin is a new kind of chemical company, focused on the future of materials science. By finding value in underutilized feedstocks like cardboard, wood waste and agricultural residues, we invent new and better materials for humanity.
Leaner, more collaborative, and more inventive
If you want to do chemistry right, the business model—and just about everything else—has to change. So we’re doing something new: We apply agile processes and collaborative working relationships to the chemical industry. This novel approach—we call it Dynamic Chemistry—informs everything we do, from hiring, to scaling up, to R&Dynamic Chemistry allows us to uncover great value on the frontier of materials, for ourselves, our customers, and the world.
Over ten years and thousands of experiments, we've explored an area of chemistry that for a century was thought to be too challenging. The result? We've unlocked furan chemistry and unleashed its potential to the market. Our reactions are more efficient, with higher yields, fewer process steps, and better economics than traditional approaches.
Built to innovate
We’re creating a distributed, flexible network of manufacturing nodes. We’re sourcing the best chemical talent from around the world. And we’re partnering with companies like Nestlé and Danone that share our vision for innovation.
Compete and win on price, function and environmental impact
Whether your challenge is manufacturing thinner bottles, making your chemicals safer and better, or decreasing your reliance on petroleum to stabilize pricing—we’re here to help great companies finish first.
We tackle the hard problems in chemistry, in service of the world's great companies.
It started with an idea.
We’ve always been obsessed with the fact that our material environment fundamentally changes about every 25 years. One day it occurred to us: What if we could lead the next wave of change? We realized that we'd need to change not just R&D, but our business model, our partnerships, and the way we relate to our own people. Today we lead the world in furan chemistry, with new and better processes for creating CMF, and more. And the way we see it, this is just the beginning.
Better intermediates begin with Origin
Commercialization and Business Development
