Revolutionizing drug delivery
Our proprietary microchip-based implant can store and release precise doses of drugs over months and years
Leading the way in digital health with
a new generation of drug delivery
and biosensing devices
Biotech, Inc. is dedicated to improving the lives of patients by revolutionizing drug delivery. Our microchip-based implant has the potential to address significant unmet needs by simplifying dosing regimens and enhancing compliance for patients who need frequent dosing or require regular injections. We are developing applications for the microchip-based implant in multiple therapeutic indications including osteoporosis, diabetes, multiple sclerosis and women’s contraception and we are partnering with industry and foundations to meet patient needs across the globe.
 Biotech, Inc. is dedicated toÂ improving the lives of patients byÂ revolutionizing drug delivery
Our proprietary microchip-based implantÂ can enhance the utility and  compliance of established agents requiring frequent, long-term dosing
 Physicians can wirelessly modify the frequency or dose of the drug to meet the individual needs of each patient
					Announcing Keratin Biosciences - Advancing Keratin-Based Regenerative Medicine And Innovative Drug Delivery Therapies
June 18, 2015
					Teva and Announce Partnership to  Enhance Patient Outcomes through Digital Drug Delivery Technology
SitemapBiotech, Inc. is dedicated to improving the lives of patients by revolutionizing drug delivery. Our proprietary microchip-based implant can store and release precise doses of drugs over months and years. The implant, which is placed under the skin by a trained physician during a simple office procedure using local anesthesia, can be wirelessly activated or deactivated by a physician or patient, without requiring removal. In addition, physicians can wirelessly modify the frequency or dose of the drug to meet the individual needs of each patient.
Our proprietary microchip-based implant can store and release precise doses of drugs over months and years.
Our commercialization strategy is focused on using our implant to deliver established and currently-approved preventative and therapeutic agents that require frequent, critical or long-term dosing.
We are developing applications for the microchip-based implant in multiple therapeutic indications including osteoporosis, diabetes, multiple sclerosis and women’s contraception and partner with industry and foundations to meet patient needs across the globe.
was co-founded by renowned researchers Robert Langer, Phand Michael Cima, PhD, and is funded by leading healthcare and technology venture investors including Polaris Partners, Medtronic, InterSouth, Flybridge Capital and InterWest.
© 2019 Biotech, Inc.Partnering with We believe the versatility and unique functional aspects of our proprietary platform lend itself to enhance the clinical utility and commercial value of a wide range of established and novel therapeutics.
Our business strategy consists of advancing the development of our own microchip-based applications, while seeking strategic partners to augment our commercialization efforts and collaborate on the development of innovative therapies utilizing our breakthrough drug delivery platform.
To explore potential partnership opportunities, please contact partnering@mchips.com .
In June 2015 and Teva Pharmaceuticals entered into a partnership under which the companies will explore innovative ways to apply Microchips’ implantable drug delivery device to Teva’s portfolio of products with the goal of enhancing clinical outcomes for patients on chronic drug therapies. The partnership has an initial focus on one selected disease area, but will provide Teva with the option to later expand the program into several additional therapeutic areas and sensing applications that are proprietary to Teva.  As programs advance, will receive development and commercial milestone payments and royalties on future product sales. will also receive funding to develop products for any future additional indication Teva may develop, and Teva will be responsible for Phase ll and Phase lll clinical development and regulatory filings. See Press Release
In 2012, we received grants from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to develop a microchip-based contraceptive implant that provides up to 16 years of reversible birth control for women in developing countries who have limited access to routine medical care and modern contraceptive options. The program is still ongoing.
