Founded in 2009, is a Flagship VentureLabs Company pioneering a novel category of products that modulate the animal microbiome to improve health and nutrition.  For the production industry, our technology improves the economics, quality, and sustainability of animal protein without resorting to widespread use of antibiotics and other drugs.  For our dear companion animals, it promises better health, nutrition, and quality of life.
Jerry previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Animal Nutrition at Nutreco and also served as Executive Board Member. Nutreco is a leading global Animal Nutrition and Aquaculture company, with 100 production facilities in 30 countries, including 8 R&facilities and 10,000 employees. Prior to this role, he served as President of Maple Leaf Animal Nutrition at Maple Leaf Foods, a leading Canadian Food Processing company. He led the sale of Animal Nutrition to Nutreco in 2007. Jerry graduated from the University of Guelph (Canada) Agricultural Business Program and from the Agri-Food Executive Development Program.  Jerry is a management consultant to Midori.
Vice President R&and Founder
J.M. has over 15 years experience in research, innovation, and technology development, including inventing Midori’s core catalyst technology and leading the development of its Glycaogen™ platform for the production of novel carbohydrates. Prior to co-founding Midori, Dr. Geremia worked on the sustainable production of bio-based chemicals with Boston-area start-up Codon Devices, Inc., and served on the faculty of the University of New Mexico, where he lead an internationally-recognized research group and received multiple awards, including a young investigator (CAREER) award from the National Science Foundation and commendations for excellence in teaching. Dr. Geremia received a Ph.in Chemistry from Princeton University as a Hugh Scott Taylor Distinguished Fellow and an honors in Chemistry and Biochemistry from the University of Delaware as a Eugene du Pont Distinguished Scholar. He is named as an author or inventor on over 80 scientific manuscripts, book chapters, patents, and patent applications.
