Carbon Emissions Reduction Technology with Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) 
Our patented exhaust gas cleanup system has been successfully proven to remove Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Sulfur Oxides (SO2), Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), and Mercury emissions from the combustion of coal and other fossil fuels for electric power generation and in other industrial processes.
Waste to Energy System- Plasma Torch and Gasification System
With the use of our patented Plasma Torch and plasma gasification system, various materials including municipal waste, coal, biomass and plastic wastes can be converted into synthesis gas (Syngas). Syngas is the clean gas fuel for electricity, synthetic fuels, and a substitute for natural gas.
was founded with a vision to provide clean energy solutions with positive environmental impact. Our commitment will encourage industry participants to shift direction and use our cutting edge technologies that provide cleaner, more efficient and cost effective energy solutions. is poised to lead the way by creating the awareness and direction for sustainable, cleaner, and renewable energy solutions. Our solutions will create a cleaner environment for generations to come.
Variety of Solutions
We did it!!! The solution for clean coal is finally here! Watch out dirty coal world: Here we come!!!
Great News!!! receives our second patent
MSF-eProjects begins-January 2016
Designed by 
JISKWEB
SynthFuels,© 2009 All Rights Reserved.was founded with a vision to provide clean energy solutions with positive environmental impact.
We teamed up with Arizona State University Ira Fulton Schools of Engineering eProjects in developing disruptive technologies that provide the most efficient and cost-effective energy solutions for a cleaner environment for future generations.
The Energy & Environmental Research Center (EERC) is currently conducting a third-party validation of our carbon emissions reduction and plasma gasification technologies.
seeks additional partnerships with various industry participants including:
Federal and State Governments
Transportation Industry
The management of SynthFuels™ has established ethical standards and guidelines that will shape our organizational identity. In the conduct of business, all shareholders (both internal and external) as well as our stakeholders will be held to the highest positive ethical standards, with actions that continually exceed societal expectations of business practices. Our corporate culture is based on integrity and respect for all stakeholders: including customers, employees, suppliers, government, and society at large. will maintain high ethical standards while protecting stakeholder rights, with transparency and accountability.
Director of Innovation and Engineering
Director of Engineering Project Management
Mmathew@milleniumsynthfuels.com