is one of the world's leading names in the manufacture and sales of electrical and electronic products and systems used in a broad range of fields and applications.
As a global, leading green company, we're applying our technologies to contribute to society and daily life around the world.
From its founding in 1921, has been at the forefront of Japan’s technical ingenuity and product innovation.
From it’s first hit product—an fan for consumer use—has continued to create a long list of “firsts” and groundbreaking new technologies that have shaped its business fields all around the world.
has offices and facilities around the world. Find the location nearest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Growth targets to be achieved by fiscal 2021
Management targets to be continuously and stably achieved
Learn about our strategy for success
The Group is advancing initiatives to achieve a low-carbon, recycling-based society. Based on our Environmental Vision 2021, our ultimate goal is to make lasting social contributions globally as a leading green company.
Read about our approach to being green
Interested in becoming one of our suppliers? Learn more about our procurement activities and policies.
Environmental Technologies for Sustainable Society
ingenuity that keeps us a step ahead of leading-edge.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Compact will change the world in big ways.
Reports about Electric's advances in cutting-edge technologies
 Environmental Technologies for Sustainable Society
Magnetic Contactor with Cadmium-Free Contacts
Development of Energy-Saving Device for Hot Water Supply System in Europe
Material Modification Technologies for Plastics in Closed-Loop Recycling System
An introduction to the various fields in which focuses its research and development.
technology for the realization of increased stability in photovoltaic systems
Water treatment technology based on a membrane bioreactor using ozonated water
Multi-wire electrical discharge slicing technology
Segment-handling robot for next-generation Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT)
Transponder and antenna technology for use in the HTV
security technology for the Ioera
inverter for home photovoltaic (PV) power systems
Here are some of the ways we’re creating tomorrow
Our research centers around the world support Electric's product development and business activities.
The base for all of Electric's R&activities, focusing on a broad range of research for the future.
The main center for the development of information and communications technology, actively developing new business in the field of IT.
The core research facility for creating new business and products; we design ways for people to live in harmony with technology, society and the environment.
conducts advanced R&in communication, video/image processing, data analysis and mechatronics.
The European arm of Electric’s R&focuses on environment, energy and communications technology.
summary of recent technology, design and innovation awards won by Electric.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The Group has won numerous awards from the for inventions and creations that have garnered much third-party acclaim.
Here's a list of our awards
participates as a licensor member of patent pools and license programs for patents essential to technology standards.
Learn more about our patent programs
Intellectual property rights are a vital management resource. Through integrating business, R&D, and activities, the Group is proactively strengthening its global assets, which are closely linked to the Group's business growth strategies.
Read about what we're doing in IP
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The Group will continually improve its technologies and services by applying creativity to all aspects of its business. By doing so, we enhance the quality of life in our society. To this end, all members of the Group will pursue the following Seven Guiding Principles.
Establish relationships with society, customers, shareholders, employees, and business partners based on strong mutual trust and respect.
Provide the best products and services with unsurpassed quality.
Pioneer new markets by promoting research and development, and fostering technological innovation.
As a global player, contribute to the development of communities and society as a whole.
In all endeavors, conduct ourselves in compliance with applicable laws and high ethical standards.
Respect nature, and strive to protect and improve the global environment.
Assure fair earnings to build a foundation for future growth.
The Group's corporate statement, "Changes for the Better," represents our goal and attitude to always strive to achieve "something better," as we continue to change and grow. It is a statement that promises "to create an ever better tomorrow" to our customers by the initiative of each and every one of our employees, who seek to improve themselves by aiming for "the better," and daily aim to "improve technologies, services, and creativity," as stated in our corporate philosophy.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
From it’s founding in 1921, has been at the forefront of Japan’s technical ingenuity and product innovation. From it’s first hit product—an fan for consumer use—has continued to create a long list of “firsts” and groundbreaking new technologies that have shaped its business fields all around the world.
Electric’s first major commercial product was an fan, which soon became a bestseller nationally.
The first television, launched in 1953, spawned an ongoing tradition of excellence in audio and visual systems.
The creation of the “Diamond Vision™” large scale display revolutionized sports and exhibition venues in Japan and globally.
developed the optical neurochip, along with numerous other key devices and semiconductors to help realize the upcoming computer age.
By producing the world’s first  GPS-based car navigation system, began paving the way for the kind of automotive innovations that are transforming automobiles today.
Providing technologies to help create the Subaru Telescope (in Hawaii, the U.S.) of the National Astronomical Observatory Japan, is helping experts to observe the stars.
developed an encryption standard called MISTY® for 3rd-generation mobile telephony, enshrining its place as a leader in encryption technologies.
GE-(Gigabit Ethernet Passive Optical network) systems achieved “top share” in Japan. continues to be a major force in next-generation communication systems.
contributed to the completion of the “Hayabusa” Series E5, holder of the Japanese speed record for a train. Transportation system excellence embodied.
Since 1870, when Yataro Iwasaki launched the first company, the Group has grown into a suite of independent companies that are active today in nearly every sector of industry.
From the history of the “three-diamond” emblem to the birth of our globally recognized logo, this is the story of Electric’s corporate logo and corporate statement.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Fiscal year 2021 will mark the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Group. As we approach this historic moment, our goals are both to become a group company that responds to the demands of our era as a global, leading green company and to achieve a higher level of growth through continuous innovation.
While pre-empting global changes and moving forward in our pursuit of sustainable growth, we as a company will always pay particular attention to corporate social responsibility, corporate ethics, and compliance. We will stay firmly dedicated to earning the trust of—and ensuring the satisfaction of—our society, our customers, our stockholders, and our employees.
The corporate statement of the Group is "Changes for the Better." This represents our volition to bring about change, always aiming for something better. Each and every one of the approximately 130,000 employees of the Group around the world is resolved to carry on our mission to realize a better tomorrow through continuous innovation.
Expect great things from the Group in the future, as you always have.
Visit the local website closest to you.
The Group has positioned Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as a pillar of its corporate management, based on its Corporate Mission and Seven Guiding Principles. Accordingly, the Group has made committed efforts to become a whose efforts are appreciated through its initiative toward solving social issues. Or in other words, a that is trusted by its stakeholders, including its society, customers, shareholders, and employees as a whole, and that earns their satisfaction through its business practices.
Since fiscal 2002, the Group has adhered to the management policy of maintaining balanced management initiatives based on three perspectives: growth, profitability and efficiency, and soundness. Through these perspectives it has pursued the establishment of a sound foundation to its management and sustainable growth.
Based on this policy, the Group has taken on the challenge of resolving environmental issues, resource and energy issues, and other social issues we face today on a global scale through its products, systems and services. In doing so, it aims to become a "global leading green company" contributing to the realization of a prosperous society that simultaneously achieves "sustainability" and "safety, security and comfort", as it pursues sustainable development of the entire Group and strives to further enhance its corporate value.
As for corporate ethics and compliance, the Group will continue to ensure strict adherence to its compliance policy and strengthen internal control.
In line with its efforts to achieve a higher level of growth, the Group has revised its growth targets for fiscal 2021 to consolidated net sales of ¥5.0 trillion or more, and an operating income ratio of 8% or more. The Group will also continuously and stably achieve the following management targets: secure an of 10% or more, and secure an interest-bearing debt of 15% or less of total assets.
In fiscal 2017, the Group achieved consolidated net sales of ¥4,238.6 billion, and an operating income of ¥270.1 billion. In addition, the Group continued to achieve its management targets for of 10% or more and an interest-bearing debt of 15% or less of total assets, recording figures of 10.9% and 8.4% respectively.
[Growth Targets to be Achieved by Fiscal 2021]
The Group's strength lies in its abundant technological assets, which encompass a wide range of technologies such as control technologies and power electronics. In addition, the Group possesses a solid operating platform that encompasses materials procurement, production, quality assurance, sales and services, in all of which a culture of improvement is firmly entrenched. The Group is thus well-positioned to freely leverage its competitive edge in a wide range of diverse businesses.
With this in mind, the Group has positioned "making strong businesses stronger" at the core of its growth strategies. Currently, the Group has identified eight businesses—power systems, transportation systems, building systems, factory automation (FA) systems, automotive equipment, space systems, power devices, and air-conditioning and refrigeration systems—as growth drivers. Focusing on these businesses, the Group will expand its operations into markets worldwide, ranging from Japan, North America, Europe, and China to newly emerging markets, including those elsewhere in Asia. By satisfying the needs of each market, the Group will continue to provide and create value for its customers, and thereby secure sustainable growth going forward.
Additional Value Creation through Technology Synergies and Business Synergies
With the goal of securing its fiscal 2021 growth targets and sustaining its business expansion thereafter, the Group is accelerating and strengthening its initiatives to create additional value by combining and coordinating a wide range of technologies and businesses with each other, while enhancing each product, system and service.
Specifically, the Group seeks to improve the performance and reliability of every product and system it offers by creating technology synergies through novel combinations of its strong technology assets, and business synergies through the coordination of its diverse business activities. At the same time, the Group will improve its ability to respond to its customers' business challenges and needs by further accelerating combination of its technologies, products, systems, and service. Through these efforts, the Group intends to improve its profits by improving its reputation with its customers in existing markets and developing new businesses and markets.
Increasing the Allocation of Resources to Steps Aimed at Strengthening Competitiveness
To achieve greater business competitiveness, the Group will continue to allocate a high level of investment resources, including research and development and capital, to those businesses where the Group is capable of quickly securing growth while generating short-term investment benefits, as well as those exhibiting a high probability of expansion with little or no volatility, with the aim of securing returns on its investments. At the same time, the Group will review and refresh its business portfolio to reallocate its management resources to areas that show growth. Moreover, the Group will strengthen this portfolio by continuously creating new strong businesses capable of driving future growth. In addition, the Group is committed to securing a more robust technological platform through forward-looking R&that will, in turn, ensure sustainable growth from fiscal 2021 onward.
Additionally, aiming to augment its growth, the Group will actively pursue collaborative ties and M&As with the following three perspectives in mind: expanding its business by supplementing product groups and technology fields in which the Group is lacking; securing sales and service networks when advancing into new regions and markets; and reaching new customer demographics in order to bolster the Group's business platform.
Building Robust Management Foundations
To strengthen its management foundations, the Group continuously strives to improve its capital efficiency. As a part of initiatives to this end, the Group continues to expand net sales and reduce costs while engaging in activities with the aim of improving inventory turnover, trade receivables turnover, and Just in Time operations. In addition to implementing these efforts in an exhaustive manner, in fiscal 2016 the Group began utilizing an internal performance indicator, (calculated by Electric's own standards), to monitor asset efficiency by business segment, thereby improving the of all Group operations.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to focus on generating stable cash flows, actively invest in growth fields, maintain well-balanced shareholder returns commensurate with profit growth, and diligently work to increase corporate value.
The Group will steadfastly carry out its management policies guided by a commitment to balanced management, while putting into practice its overarching corporate statement: Changes for the Better. Each and every employee will share the common goal of developing new frontiers through continuous innovation, and the Group—by continuing to undergo transformation itself—will mature into a that is always producing something better.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Visit the local website closest to you.
© CorporationCompact will change the world in big ways.
when goes to work in every part of our world.
so it can go on almost any device and make 
The three technologies that make up Maisart
develops intelligent wireless communication technology supported with artificial intelligence
Expected to help reducing Iodevice sizes and power consumption
Object recognition technology using proprietary for mirrorless cars
Enables industrial robots to achieve fast, human-like nimble assembly
AI, image analysis technology, and high-sensitivity sensor deliver water level measurement regardless of day, night, or weather conditions
Advanced processing of production-floor data contributes to preventative maintenance and product quality
New Technology Uses Model-based Learning to Control Equipment
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Magnetic Contactor with Cadmium-Free Contacts
Development of Energy-Saving Device for Hot Water Supply System in Europe
Material Modification Technologies for Plastics in Closed-Loop Recycling System
6.5 kFull-SiPower Semiconductor Module
Conversion Circuit Technology for High Efficiency and Downsizing
Low-Cost Electronics Packing Technology for Power Electronics Equipment Utilizing a Printed Circuit Board
Progress and Future Prospects of Motor Drive Technology in Society
iQ-Engineering Environment and Integrated Monitoring System for Process Control
Innovation of Manufacturing Engineering Based on IoTechnologies at Production Sites
EcoMonitorPlus Extension Model for Analog/Pulse Input
Direct Modulation Laser for 25 Gbps Optical Transmission
100 Gbps Compact Integrated EML-TOSA
Red Laser Diode with 2.1-Operation for Projectors
High Gain and High Power Ku-band Gafor Satellite Communication
Analysis of Radiation Resistance in GaHEMT
Overseas Expansion And Technological Prospects of Rail Systems
Railway Energy and Environmental Solutions To Support a Low-Carbon Society
Up-to-date Communication-Based Train Control System Technologies
Expansion of Circuit Breaker Lineup for High-Voltage Direct Current
Radio Access Base Station Technology for the Fifth-generation Mobile Communications System
88-channel 8-degree Optical Cross-connect System
Information Security Technologies in the Age of the Internet of Things (IoT)
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The core of our growth strategy focuses on ‘making strong businesses stronger’. Accordingly, we have identified eight businesses as growth drivers—the engine of the Group’s future development.
From power generation to transmission and distribution, we contribute to the stable supply of electricity by providing highly efficient, environmentally well-considered products and total systems.
Our leading-edge products, advanced systems, innovative solutions, and first-class maintenance and service networks are helping to deliver reliable, safe, comfortable railway transport.
We aim for the highest standards of elevator and escalator quality globally, ensuring safety and security in buildings throughout most of the world’s major cities.
Our cutting-edge technologies and solutions are contributing to better and more efficient manufacturing in factories across the world.
Our wide array of automotive products and technologies are contributing to the development of advanced motorization in society.
In the vast frontier of space, our cutting-edge technologies are helping to connect people and bring benefits to society.
We create the leading-edge key devices that help create a more prosperous and advanced society.
Our broad lineup of air conditioning products and solutions bring comfort and efficiency to residential, business, and industrial environments across the globe.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
purchases a wide variety of materials and components from both Japanese and overseas markets.
Here are the general steps leading up to a new business venture as part of our purchasing process.
For further procurement-related information see our locations and contact details of our offices and outlets in Japan and around the world.
Visit the local website closest to you.
The year 2001 marked the 80th year since the founding of Electric. It is also the year that we adopted "Changes for the Better" as our corporate statement. This statement expresses our commitment to ongoing improvement with the aim of continuously creating better products.
The story below outlines how the logo first came about, and how it and the corporate slogan have evolved into what is used today.
In the 1870s, the shipping company Tsukumo Shokai, which was the precursor of Mitsubishi, used a triangular water chestnut icon on its ships' flags, and it is from this icon that the current three-diamond icon originated. It is derived from the three-layer chestnut family crest of Yataro Iwasaki, founder of Tsukumo Shokai, and the three-leaved oak family crest of the Yamanouchi family, from the Tosa Clan. Records suggest that the company name was settled on later.
is established when Shipbuilding Co. (now Heavy Industries, Ltd) spins off a factory in Kobe to manufacture motors.
The official company name and typeface are decided. The font is called Mitarashi-ryu and is used until 1963.
The corporate slogan which translates as "with you today and tomorrow" is adopted (in Japan only) with the aim of building a familiar corporate image among consumers.
new corporate slogan, "ADVANCING" is announced. In the words of President Okubo, at the time, "we devised the slogan to cement our position in future industry through our technical expertise, and to establish a corporate posture of cultivating and nurturing management skills, so that a new corporate image would permeate the company both internally and externally."
Corporate Identity campaign is executed with the aim of boosting corporate image. The "Blue MITSUBISHI" corporate brand logo is devised for use in Japan to provide some sense of individualism within the Group. Overseas, a logo is created that teams the familiar red three-diamonds symbol with a simple "MITSUBISHI." new corporate slogan that translates roughly as "SOCIO-TECH: enhancing lifestyles through technology" is adopted in Japan. The overseas slogan is left unchanged.
On the occasion of Electric's 80th anniversary, the corporate philosophy is re-evaluated and the slogan revised to "Changes for the Better" as a consistent message both in Japan and overseas. The "Blue MITSUBISHI" logo continues to be used in Japan, while "ELECTRIC" is used overseas to provide distinctiveness within the Group.
companies within Japan begin using the red three-diamond corporate logo that had previously been used only overseas. The strengthening of business competitiveness on a global scale is further promoted in order to ensure sustainable growth.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Fastest elevators in China (540m/min) delivered to the Jin Mao Building in Shanghai China, the second tallest building in the world.
Established Corp. a joint venture with Toshiba for the development and manufacture of high-capacity motors.
Completed and commenced operations at the Higashihama Recycling Center, the first recycling plant for the household appliance industry.
Agreement made with Matsushita and Matsushita Electronics for joint development of next-generation system LSI.
Started mass production of the world's first image sensor.
Developed the Bedside Wellness System.
Awarded "Best-of-the-Best" prize by the Environmental Protection Agency in recognition of outstanding contributions to environmental protection.
Established a joint venture in China for the production of semiconductors.
Developed an interactive game based on gesture input using artificial retina chip.
Integrated overseas and domestic business divisions in response to globalization.
Estabilished research center in Europe.
Released the world's first energy-saving household air conditioner.
Received the 1994 Stratospheric Ozone Protection Award from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Installed a Doppler radar system and other airport-related equipment at Japan's New Kansai International Airport.
Drafted "Vision 21," a project targeting new business development from Electric's perspective of society in the year 2010.
Developed ultra-fine pattern forming technology using X-ray lithography.
Released the "Chilled" refrigerator in response to the controls introduced in 1996.
Reductions in the use of special chlorofluorocarbons.
Delivered the Heavy Ion Medical Accelerator (HIMAC) to the National Institute of Radiological Sciences.
Successfully developed an artificial retina chip.
Strengthened foothold in the computer business through tie-ups with and Hewlett-Packard.
Developed and implemented a high-definition full-color sublimation printer for applications.
Commenced trial production of 64Mbit DRAMs.
Activities to boost community contributions begun at America Foundation.
Released the "Scene" range of light fixtures designed for lifestyle scenarios.
Released successive domestic appliances and other products incorporating fuzzy logic.
Released a die-sinking electrodischarge machine featuring fuzzy logic-based control.
Purchased the hardware division of the British firm Apricot Computers.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Nobeyama 45-m radio telescope, developed by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and Electric, was recognized as an "Milestone."
Hosted the first "2017" international wheelchair basketball competition.
"Kirigamine" was certified as the longest-running air-conditioner brand*1 by Guinness World Records Ltd.*2
Performed field-testing of the xautonomous-driving test vehicle.
Founded the Edgecross Consortium as a framework that goes beyond the boundaries of companies and industries to create new added value based on edge computing technology.
Named to the highest "List" rank by CDP, a global disclosure system that encourages companies and cities to manage their environmental impacts, in the two categories of climate and water.
Opened a factory for room air conditioners in Turkey.
*1Longest running cross-flow-fan air conditioner brand; 49 years and 258 days
Established a new company in Turkey for room air conditioner development and manufacture, named Turkey Klima Sistemleri Üretim Anonim Şirketi (Air Conditioning Systems Manufacturing Turkey). Slated to begin production in January 2018.
Received the Prize of the Chairman of (JIII) in the FY2017 National Invention Awards for the design of the VP-high-efficiency turbine generator.
Announced a corporate donation of 50 million yen (approximately US$440,000) and a separate donation worth a cumulative amount of approximately 63 million yen (approximately US$560,000) through an in-house matching gift program – the SOCIO-Fund – for restoration of damage from the 2016 Kumamoto Earthquake.
Received an order from Transport for New South Wales (TfNSW) to supply 512 passenger cars' worth of railway systems to the New Intercity Fleet in Australia.
Selected among the Good Design Best 100 in the FY2017 Good Design Award for the "Kirigamine series" room air-conditioners and the Segment-Handling Robot for Next-Generation Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT®).
Named by the international as a Water 2016 List company, the highest rank of the index, for its recent water management initiatives to help preserve the natural environment.
* Among elevators in operation as of December 8, 2016
Received an order to install Diamond Vision™ screens at Marine Field in Chiba, Japan for use beginning in March 2016 (total of 5 screens: 1 main screen, 2 left and right field sub-screens, and 2 infield sub-screens).
Acquired shares of the Italian industrial air-conditioner company DeLclima S.p.(acquisition of the company as a subsidiary).
Developed the EMIRAI3 xconcept car featuring driving-assistance technology and the EMIRAI3 xconcept car featuring preventive safety technology (autonomous driving technology).
Developed the world's first voice-activated drawing function that displays spoken words where a finger is traced on the screen.
is appointed as an official partner of the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games.
Received an order worth approx. 1.7 billion yen from Siemens in Germany for the delivery of 328 railcar air-conditioner units for use in the new railcars of the Rhein-Ruhr Express train (82-car train sets totaling 164 cars).
Completed the development of and launched the Advanced Land Observing Satellite-2 (ALOS-2, or commonly called Daichi-2), a project which undertook as the main contractor for (Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency).
Completed the manufacture of and launched geostationary meteorological satellite Himawari-8, contracted by the Japan Meteorological Agency.
Received an order to deliver communications satellite Es'hail 2 to Es'hailSat, a state-run satellite communications company in Qatar.
Received an order from Saga Heavy Ion Medical Accelerator in Tosu (Saga Himat) to deliver the Pencil Beam Scanning system, which can more accurately and efficiently irradiate affected areas with heavy particle beams.
Received an order from railway operator Deutsche Bahn to deliver a railcar electrical device (propulsion control device) for Intercity-Express 2 (ICE-2) high-speed trains, as the first Japanese manufacturer to do so, for a total price of approximately 3 billion yen.
Installed a 4full ultra-high-definition video display measuring over 100m in total width to the exterior wall of Marriott Marquis Hotel in Times Square, New York, as the world's largest display for a commercial facility.
Developed an advanced manufacturing technology for boron-carbide diaphragms used in hi-fi loudspeakers, which realizes the world's fastest sound propagation speed by combining the use of new manufacturing technology and acoustic analysis technology.
Delivered a total of 51 elevators and escalators to Shanghai New World Daimaru Department Store—a large commercial facility located in Shanghai, China—including 12 spiral escalators, the largest order for a single project.
Delivered land terminal equipment for the project to upgrade the SEA-ME-WE4 cable system to 100Gbps and enhance the 20,000km fiber-optic cable system that connects Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Western Europe.
Successfully launched communications satellite "Turksat-4A," the contract for which was awarded by Turkey's national satellite operator, Turksat. Subsequently, the delivery of the satellite was completed in orbit.
Announced that the red three-diamond corporate logo used overseas would now be used within Japan as well. (Previously, companies in Japan had been using a separate blue logo.)
Received orders from Tsuyama Jifukai Group’s Tsuyama Chuo Hospital and from the Hakuhokai Group to provide our new proton beam therapy system for cancer treatment. These will be the first particle therapy systems for cancer to be installed in the Chugoku-Shikoku region and Osaka Prefecture.
Developed the world's first Super Hi-Vision (8K) encoding device in collaboration with Japan Broadcasting (NHK).
Installed two high-definition Diamond Vision™ displays in Reliant Stadium in Texas, home of the Houston Texans American football team, which garnered attention as the largest such displays in any sports facility in North America.
Released the lightweight and compact "Fujin" cyclone vacuum cleaner, which delivers sustained suction (more than 99%) and clean air exhaust (final collection rate 99.999%), as a commemorative model for the 80th anniversary of Electric's development of vacuum cleaners.
Completed expansion of the satellite production facility at the company's Kamakura Works in Kamakura, Japan. The upgraded facility doubles Electric's annual satellite production capacity to eight satellites, the largest among all facilities operated by Japanese satellite manufacturers.
Delivered multi-screen (super narrow bezel) displays, Diamond Vision™, and other digital signage displays for use in the Tokyo Station Marunouchi Building of East Japan Railway Company.
Integrated the lighting business under Lighting Co., Ltd., and launched a new brand named "MILIE" to promote lighting.
Developed a plastic recycling technology that can instantaneously separate plastic waste that has been sorted and recovered from recycled home appliances at a high material purity of over 99%, in a joint effort with Shimadzu Corporation.
Developed automatic dismantling equipment to recover rare earth magnets from used room air conditioners, and commenced rare earth magnet recovery operations at Green Cycle Systems Corporation.
Installed a PV-Linked Inverter for linked control of high-capacity power storage batteries for applications such as photovoltaic power generation (PV) and vehicles (EV) in the Ofuna Smart House (in the Information Technology R&Center), creating the industry's first PV-Linked HEMS
Completed construction and commenced operation of a video monitoring system production facility at the Koriyama Factory (Koriyama, Fukushima Prefecture), Communication Networks Center, which had been damaged in the Great East Japan Earthquake
Group contributed 500 million yen to support relief efforts in the wake of the Great East Japan Earthquake. It also matched employees' donations collected through the SOCIO-Fund and contributed a combined total of approximately 290 million yen to aid survivors and orphans from the earthquake disaster.
Celebrated Electric's 90th anniversary. Looking towards its 100th anniversary, the company will aim to become a global, leading environmental company, contributing to society through technology.
Received a contract from the TAT-14 Purchasing Consortium to upgrade the consortium's submarine optical cable system, TAT-14 Cable Network, to 40Gbps. The upgrade of a transatlantic cable to 40 Gbps is the world's first.
Delivered panels that can display images with ten times higher resolution than conventional panels, to the 6-meter-diameter Geo-Cosmos Globe displayed at the National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation as its symbol exhibit.
Received an order to deliver 106 elevators, including three that would boast the world's fastest speed of 1,080m/min, to Shanghai Tower, a skyscraper under construction in Shanghai, China (height: 632m; slated for completion in 2014).
Commenced full-scale operations of the Smart Grid and Smart Community demonstration facilities in Amagasaki and Wakayama.
Electric's Diamond Vision™ large-scale display received the 63rd Annual Technology & Engineering Emmy Award from the National Academy of Television Arts & Sciences.
Developed the industry's smallest motor system with built-in Siinverter, in which all power chips in the motor's inverter are SiC-based.
Received order for carbon ion particle therapy system from Foundation* (Tosu-shi, Saga Prefecture, Japan).
Launched "RakuRaku-UD," a set of assistance features on home appliance products that make it easier to use the products' various advanced functions.
Received order from Spanish railcar manufacturer Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles, (CAF) for equipment to be used in railcars on Sao Paulo Metropolitan Train Company's Line 8, in Brazil.
Began Japan's first large-scale, high-purity plastic recycling, using technology that automatically separates at high purity the three main plastics out of shredded mixed plastic recovered from end-of-life home appliances. These activities were started at Green Cycle Systems Corporation, a subsidiary.
Developed an elevator energy conservation management system that can reduce overall elevator power consumption by up to 10 percent.
Received order to supply Proximity Link System (PLS) to guide Cygnus Spacecraft to the International Space Station (ISS) on re-supply missions for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
"VISION™ SOLUTIONS" adopted as collective brand name for Group's visual solutions business.
Diamond Vision™ screen installed at the Dallas Cowboys Stadium is recognized by Guinness World Records as the world's largest high-definition display. The recognized screen measures 22m high by 48m wide.
Developed the world's first hybrid nano coating that can be applied to materials ranging from metals to plastics for protection against dust, oil and other substances.
Received order from Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) to build the meteorological satellites 8 and 9.
Delivered Major League Baseball's first full 1080 × 1920 high-definition LED, 16mm pixel pitch Diamond Vision™ Screen to Yankee Stadium in New York.
Released the NJ-XS10J, the world's first* steamless (induction heater) rice cooker with no steam port.
* Feb 1, 2009. Based on water-cooling steam recovery system. (research).
Became the first Japanese manufacturer to enter the commercial communications satellite market outside of Japan with the introduction of an original satellite bus, and has received an order from Singapore and Taiwan to build the ST-2 as their next communications satellite.
Announced growth strategies and reinforced/expanded global warming countermeasures for reducing CO2 through business activities, toward achieving harmony between fulfilling lifestyles and global environmental preservation, as laid out in "Environmental Vision 2021."
Succeeded in launching Superbird-C2 (7), the first domestic commercial communications satellite made in Japan for Space Communications Corporation, and completed the handover of the satellite to Sky Perfect on October 17, after completion of in-orbit performance testing.
Two persons from awarded the Purple Ribbon Medal for development of large-scale optical telescope mirror support system for use on the Subaru telescope.
Received an order to install four Diamond Vision™ displays and three LEDerAd ribbon board displays in the new stadium being built for the Dallas Cowboys (scheduled to open in June 2009).
Achieved the world's highest energy conversion rate of 18.6% in a polycrystalline silicon photovoltaic cell.
Installed Asia's longest Aurora Ribbon, a very long LEDerAd ribbon board display, at the Chiba Marines baseball stadium in Japan.
Succeeded in verification experiments on the world's longest 80km key distribution with a cryptography system using a single photon source, jointly with Hokkaido University and other institutions.
Awarded the Prime Minister's Prize at the 36th Japan Industrial Technology Awards for the short-gap high-density ozone generator.
Awarded the Japan Institute of Invention and Innovation Chairman's Prize at the FY2007 National Commendation for Invention Awards, for inventing the technology of using existing refrigerant piping for new air conditioning units for cooling.
Achieved the world's highest photoconversion efficiency of 18.0% in practical-use multi-crystalline solar cells.
Completed construction of the world's tallest elevator testing tower, measuring 173m, at Inazawa Works.
Delivered Japan's largest security system, which monitors document access using tags, to the Bank of Tokyo-(Current : Bank, Ltd).
Announced Environmental Vision 2021--Making Positive Contributions to the Earth and its People through Technology and Action.
Awarded the 21st Century Invention Prize at the FY2006 National Commendation for Invention Awards for inventions related to high-efficiency high-density ozone generating technology.
Installed the Multi-screen Turf Vision (Aurora Vision), the world's largest display, at the Tokyo Racetrack.
Successfully launched Hinode, a solar observatory satellite for which was a prime contractor.
The Diamond Vision™ screen at the Turner Field baseball stadium in the is recognized as the world's largest outdoor video screen.
The "Camellia" next-generation encryption algorithm jointly developed with is adopted as the next-generation encryption standard for the Internet.
Started development of the "Uni & Eco" brand concept for household appliances with the aim of making products that are easy to use and which have low environmental impact.
Released the Finger Identification Device by Penetrated Light, the world's first non-contact fingerprint recognition device.
Produced the 40 millionth ventilation fan at the Nakatsugawa Works.
Became the first company in the world to receive approval to manufacture particle-beam treatment devices that use carbon ions.
Released the world's first refrigerator that "increases vitamin content."
Presented the Best Supplier Award by The Boeing Company.
Developed the world's first module, "Reversible LCD," capable of being viewed from both sides.
Developed Japan's first variable-speed elevator system, shortening wait times by up to 15%.
Constructed a system for producing 5 million red semiconductor lasers per month for use with recordable DVDs.
Awarded the "Imperial Invention" prize at the National Invention Awards for work in the field of safe and powerful encryption technology.
Successfully launched "OPTUS-1," the first overseas commercial satellite for which was a prime contractor.
Renesas Technology founded as a semiconductor joint venture with Hitachi Ltd.
Received an order from the New York City Transit Authority to supply air conditioning units for 660 subway cars.
Jointly developed a revolutionary coating technology that uses electrical discharges (Micro Spark Coating) with Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries.
Developed the world's widest "Diamond Vision™" display for operation at the Sha Tin Racecourse in Hong Kong.
Developed the world's first 50-ampre-compliant large-capacity DIP-IPM.
Developed the world's first "finger composition characteristics detection" optical fingerprint sensor.
Achieved the world's first transmission at 10Gbps between relay equipment boards set at a distance of 500mm apart.
Achieved the world's first interconnection between that realizes next-generation photonic networks and that offers highly advanced services.
selected as the standard encryption code for mobile telephones.
In cooperation with NHK, developed the world's first digital watermarking equipment.
First in the world to successfully prove second-generation X-ray lithography technology.
Developed the world's highest output red for read and read/write applications.
Developed the world's first 40Gbps semiconductor light modulator and module.
Began working relationship with VeriSign Japan to supply digital signature solutions.
Successfully developed the world's first system for directly extracting dioxins contained in incinerator flue gases.
Signed a contract with America's General Motors as a long-term supplier of ignition coils.
Molecular design technology applied for the first time ever to develop a new insulating film for use in next-generation high-speed ULSIs.
Installed the world's first large-scale outdoor screen on the Studio Alta building at Shinjuku in Tokyo.
Developed the world's smallest, lowest energy consuming "single-chip encoder" for MPEG-2 video and audio system integration.
Developed the world's highest light-collecting efficiency rating for a completely solid 1kW-class pulse laser.
Developed the world's first portrait generation technology for mobile devices that use artificial retina LSIs.
Developed technology that realizes both high reliability and high performance for system-on-chip devices.
Completed construction of the R&Center.
& Electronics USA, Inc. received Helen Keller Achievement Award 2000.
Higashihama Recycling Center received Wastec Award (Environmental Agency Director's Award).
Formed business tie-up with Schindler Holding Ltd. for elevators and escalators.
Established NEC-Visual Systems Corp. a joint venture on equal footing with for the production of display monitors.
Developed the world's first photoresist stripping unit for fabrication that uses highly concentrated ozone.
Began licensing Kasumi, an international standard encryption method for W-CDMA.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Optical neurocomputer successfully recognized the 26 letters of the alphabet.
Listed on the London and Paris stock exchanges.
Implemented automated production and for ventilation fan motors.
Developed and began mass-production of super current limiting breakers.
Developed and implemented an elevator control system that uses AI/fuzzy logic.
Developed a prototype optical neurochip, paving the way for the development of an optical neurocomputer.
Developed a low-power digitized hydraulic elevator featuring pressure-compensated controls.
Began running the "MIND" VAN.
Released the 300 series, the world's first 32-bit CNC.
Released the cluster ion beam unit, which is effective in forming superconducting membranes.
Developed a 4 chip small enough to fit on a 300 mil wide DIP.
Released the ML806T2 carbon-dioxide gas laser processing machine.
Released the network-type high-speed digital multiplexer.
Produced the world's first sequential inference machine, PSI.
Developed a compact cassette-type high-definition VCR.
Began mass production of 1Mbit DRAMs, and successfully developed and test-manufactured 4Mbit DRAMs.
Released the intelligent building system.
Released a 37-inch color TV.
Received order as the prime contractor for FUYO-1 (JERS-1), the first large-scale Earth resources satellite manufactured in Japan.
Began sales of the "Super Scrum" series circuit breakers.
Mass-produced high-output semiconductor lasers, on a par with the highest world standards, for use in optical communications.
Released a color with a built-in printer.
Produced a working version of a microwave-discharge light-emitting device.
Named the prime contractor for the nation's first domestically produced communications satellite, CS-3.
Began mass production of 256DRAMs and developed a 1Mbit DRAM.
Produced an optical pickup for use in compact disc players.
Developed a 50 kphosphoric acid fuel cell.
Supplied Japan's first 45m-diameter radio telescope, to Tokyo Planetarium.
Delivered the first Diamond Vision™ mammoth outdoor color video-display system, to Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Aiming to Become a Global, Leading Green Company
The Group established Environmental Vision 2021 to contribute to the development of a sustainable society, and is advancing initiatives to achieve a low-carbon, recycling-based society. While this Vision represents the company we aim to become by the 100th anniversary of our founding in 2021, our ultimate goal is to make lasting social contributions as a leading green company.
To this end, we are working to strengthen our corporate constitution and to contribute to society. Strengthening our corporate constitution refers to disciplining ourselves to use less energy and fewer resources in our manufacturing, and increasing production efficiency to the highest level possible. Specifically, this means reducing waste generated during production and thoroughly implementing the "3Rs" of resources: reduce, reuse and recycle.
Contributing to society refers to our commitment to ensure that some sort of environmental benefit or improvement is delivered when people use our products. As CO
 emissions from product usage can be as high as 40 to 50 times the emissions from production, offering energy-saving products can make a tremendous contribution toward reducing CO
 emissions in society as a whole. For this reason, we must always improve as well as optimize our technologies with a focus on creating and offering energy-efficient products. The same holds true for the development and diffusion of renewable energy systems and equipment, such as photovoltaic power generation.
Thinking about the future of the global environment and sincerely continuing these initiatives worldwide will make our actions more environmentally compatible and will make society more environmentally conscious. 
, our environmental statement, is what we must practice globally. By continuing to put 
 into practice around the world, the Group aims to become a global leading green company.
For details, please see the Environmental Vision 2021.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The Group operates on the corporate principle of contributing to creating a vibrant and affluent society by enhancing its technologies, services, and creative powers, as a leader in the manufacture and sales of and electronic equipment used in Energy and Systems, Industrial Automation, Information and Communication Systems, Electronic Devices, and Home Appliances.
Note : Financial data are presented in accordance with GAAP.
Programmable logic controllers, inverters, servomotors, human-machine interface, motors, hoists, magnetic switches, no-fuse circuit breakers, short-circuit breakers, transformers for electricity distribution, time and power meters, uninterruptible power supply, industrial fans, computerized numerical controllers, electrical discharge machines, laser processing machines, industrial robots, clutches, automotive electrical equipment, car electronics and car mechatronics, car multimedia, and others
Wireless and wired communications systems, surveillance cameras, satellite communications equipment, satellites, radar equipment, antennas, missile systems, fire control systems, broadcasting equipment, data transmission devices, network security systems, information systems equipment, systems integration, and others
Power modules, high-frequency devices, optical devices, devices, and others
Procurement, logistics, real estate, advertising, finance, and other services
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The base for all of Electric's R&activities, focusing on a broad range of research for the future.
Here's how we're leveraging tomorrow
The main center for the development of information and communications technology, actively developing new business in the field of IT.
Find out how we're advancing IT
The core research facility for creating new business and products; we design ways for people to live in harmony with technology, society and the environment.
Learn about our dedication to good design
The North American arm of the Corporate R&organization, which conducts application-motivated basic research and advanced development in communication, video/image processing, data analysis and mechatronics technologies.
Get a sense of ingenuity in action
The European arm of Electric's R&is situated in the heart of Europe's top R&community, with locations in France and the UK; our R&focuses on environment and energy technology, and communications technology.
Learn more about what we're doing
Visit the local website closest to you.
Released a petroleum gas fan heater and FF-type petroleum gas storage hot water supply equipment. (1978)
Installed elevators which traveled 600 meters per minute, the fastest in the world at that time. (1978)
Released a futon drier, the RO-1500 range oven, and an electronic heated table (kotatsu) model. (1977)
Launched the ETS-engineering test satellite, the first in a series of ETSs for which was the prime contractor. (1977)
Participated in national ultra-R&project aimed at "Studying Large-Scale Integrated Circuit Technology for the Next Generation of Digital Computers." (1976)
Completed the 560,000 kturbine generator -- Japan's largest -- for the Kansai Power Company's Mihama Power Plant. (1970)
Introduced the heat-exchange ventilation system. (1970)
Developed the world's first permanent fuse. (1969)
Chosen as the prime contractor for Japan's first working satellite for ionosphere sounding. (1969)
Adopted "ADVANCING" as our corporate slogan. (1969)
Released a wall-mounted split-system room air conditioner featuring a line flow fan. (1968)
Completed the first nuclear power generator (400,000kVA). (1968)
Delivered an earth-station antenna to the Mexican Ministry of Communication for use with an international satellite. (1967)
Began technological cooperation on space technology with America's (1966)
Manufactured a commercial inverter and developed a inverter. (1965)
Supplied radar equipment to the weather station atop Mt. Fuji. (1964)
Delivered 1650 kmain transformer and 185 kmotor for use in the Shinkansen (Bullet Train). (1963)
Delivered Japan's first subway train with an automatic train-operation (ATO) system. (1962)
Released Japan's first chip: the Molectron. (1961)
Produced the first color TV, incorporating technology developed by Corp. (1960)
The first television (Model 101K-17), launched in 1953.
Completed the first electrical-discharge machine. (1958)
Completed the - Japan's first ever industrial use television. (1954)
Released the first television (Model 101K-17). (1953)
Completed Japan's first DD50 diesel-locomotive, for the Japan National Railways. (1953)
Began semiconductor research. (1952)
Succeeded in making Japan's first V-type oil circuit breakers for use on ultra high-voltage lines (287.5kV/5,000MVA). (1951)
Listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. (1937)
Delivered the first elevator. (1935)
Marketed no-fuse breakers, the first domestically produced fuseless circuit breakers (15-35 amperes). (1933)
Factory in the 1930s. Commemorating the completion of Japan's largest (at the time) motor with an output of 9000 hp.
Completed the first domestically produced railway substation, for the Odawara Kyuko Railway. (1928)
Produced the first vertical-axle hydraulic generator (2,300kVA). (1924)
Manufactured approximately 10,000 fans. (1921-1923)
established with paid-in capital of 15 million yen. (1921)
Electric's first mass-produced consumer product. Electric's technical expertise in heavy systems was applied to manufacture products for the home.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
2011 (60th) Electrical Industrial Technology Achievement Awards
Manufacturing Category, Award for Superior Performance
Remaining Service Life Diagnostic Technology of Insulators for Power Distribution Equipment
2011 (60th) Electrical Industrial Technology Achievement Awards
Development of industry's first method for elevator control enabling evacuation operation during seismic long-period ground motion
Development and practical application of high-speed laser micro hole drilling machine for machining high-density build-up wiring boards
Commendation for Excellent Energy-saving Equipment
Secretary of the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy Prize
Visit the local website closest to you.
purchases a wide variety of materials and components from both Japanese and overseas markets. We recognize our corporate responsibility and are eager to provide business opportunities for the communities in which we operate.
1. Easy Access and Equal Opportunity
To guarantee our customers the highest-quality products, we are constantly searching for new suppliers. We encourage business partners from all over the world, regardless of size, to contact us about submitting a quotation. The decision to embark on a new business relationship is made after careful consideration of three major factors: product price, product quality, and delivery performance. To ensure continued high quality and efficiency, we periodically review our relationships with our partners.
We believe in long-term relationships built upon understanding and trust. This will allow the participation of our business partners during the product development stage, paving the way for mutual prosperity.
We are interested in the materials and manufacturing processes used by our suppliers. Because we value the environment, we buy only ecologically sound products. Our mission is to satisfy the needs of people around the globe. To meet their growing expectations, we must widen and strengthen our affiliations with companies all over the world. We are seeking cooperation, not just business, and are looking for potential partners who are willing to join us in our drive toward global prosperity.
We carry out distribution activities in line with our "Procurement Policy," which was established in fiscal 2008.
Compliance with domestic and foreign laws/regulations and social standards
Respecting human rights and prohibiting discrimination, child labor, and forced labor
Creating proper work environments and giving consideration to safety and health
Assurance of quality and safety of products and services
Ensuring strict management of harmful chemical substances based on an environmental management system
Ensuring strict management and safeguarding of information by establishing an information security system
The Group views such issues as environmental destruction and the abuse of human rights by armed groups in the Democratic Republic of Congo and its neighboring countries as issues of the utmost concern. As transactions of conflict minerals* are said to fund these armed groups, we are implementing measures to ensure the transparency of our supply chain so that we do not encourage or become complicit in such issues in any way, and to promote responsible mineral procurement.
* Conflict minerals refers to gold, tin, tantalum, tungsten, and other minerals that have been determined by the State Department to be a source of support for armed groups when mined in the countries referred to above.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
NOTE: The above is a general model; actual procedures may vary.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
For decades has delivered the cutting edge of factory automation, providing a wide variety of products, from component devices to processing machines.
Understanding the challenges that our customers face, we have continued to apply our advanced engineering technologies, systems and solutions to meet customer needs, increase productivity and create efficiencies across a wide variety of platforms.
Our global service network stands ready to support customers who have production bases around the world. With core support functions at Centers established in many regions globally, we offer extensive services, while closely cooperating with local sales offices, branch offices and agencies.
products are available in almost any country, and our service network can support your global business with repair, training (in local language) and informational resources to enhance your local manufacturing centers.
Our e-F@ctory solution makes possible ‘smart factories’ through IoT-based big data utilization.
e-F@ctory optimizes manufacturing by connecting all devices and equipment involved in development, manufacturing, logistics, and more, and then analyzes and maximizes the vast amount of data collected. Electric’s expertise and connectivity technologies link with IT, for next-generation manufacturing that encompasses mass customization, preventive maintenance and traceability.
Nagoya  Works was established as a base factory for mass production of general-purpose motors.
Began production of electrical discharge machines (EDM).
Launched production of programmable controllers.
Began production of motion controllers.
Technology to enable industrial robots to achieve fast, human-like nimble assembly
We have applied technology to develop a fast force-feedback control algorithm for industrial robots.
Advanced processing of production floor data contributes to preventative maintenance and product quality.
and five other companies establish the Edgecross Consortium
In order to create new added value, we’ve gone beyond the framework of companies and industries to maximize on edge computing technology.
Newest iQ-Series general-purpose programmable controller
Supporting intelligent manufacturing in Chinese companies with e-F@ctory
Introducing the e-F@ctory Demonstration Zone in Changshu Innovation Center for Green & Intelligent Manufacturing.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
technology for the realization of increased stability in photovoltaic systems
Water treatment technology based on a membrane bioreactor using ozonated water
Multi-wire electrical discharge slicing technology
Segment-handling robot for next-generation Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT)
Transponder and antenna technology for use in the HTV
security technology for the Ioera
inverter for home photovoltaic (PV) power systems
Visit the local website closest to you.
Looking back on the economic situation during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017 (hereinafter, "fiscal 2017"), the economy experienced steady expansion and Japan and Europe saw moderate recovery, while the slowdown in the Chinese economy eased somewhat. Turning to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, although the yen strengthened compared to the previous fiscal year, there was depreciation of the yen following the presidential election in November.
Under these circumstances, the Group placed greater emphasis than ever before on promoting growth strategies rooted in its competitive advantages, as well as on initiatives to boost its competitiveness and strengthen its management structure.
As a result, the Group recorded consolidated net sales of ¥4,238.6 billion in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2017 – a decrease of 4% compared to the previous fiscal year. Operating income decreased 10% year-on-year to ¥270.1 billion, for a Group operating income ratio of 6.4%. Moving forward, the plan is to implement initiatives that will enable the Group to maintain a return on equity (ROE) above 10%, while keeping the ratio of interest-bearing debt to total assets below 15%, in accordance with management targets. At the same time, the goal is to achieve consolidated net sales of ¥5.0 trillion or more and an operating income ratio of 8% or more by fiscal 2021.
Toward securing these fiscal 2021 growth targets and sustained business expansion, the Group is accelerating and strengthening its initiatives to create additional value through technology and business synergies.
Based on our Corporate Mission and Seven Guiding Principles, we of the Group position corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives as our main pillar of corporate management. Accordingly, the entire Group is committed to providing products, systems and services on a worldwide basis while being mindful of the challenges that our society now faces – particularly environmental issues and resource and energy issues. In this way, we will become a global, leading green company capable of contributing to the realization of a prosperous society.
As we resolutely advance forward to achieve our goals, we ask for your continued support.
The Group will continually improve its technologies and services by applying creativity to all aspects of our business. By doing so, we enhance the quality of life in our society. To this end, all members of the Group will pursue the following Seven Guiding Principles.
Pioneer new markets by promoting research and development, and fostering technological innovation.
As a global player, contribute to the development of communities and society as a whole.
In all endeavors, conduct ourselves in compliance with applicable laws and high ethical standards.
Respect nature, and strive to protect and improve the global environment.
Assure fair earnings to build a foundation for future growth.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
In charge of Corporate Strategic Planning and Operations of Associated Companies
In charge of Purchasing
In charge of Public Utility Systems
In charge of Semiconductor & Device
In charge of Communication Systems
In charge of Government & External Relations, Export Control and Intellectual Property
In charge of and Research & Development
In charge of Global Strategic Planning & Marketing
In charge of Total Productivity Management & Environmental Programs
In charge of Factory Automation Systems
In charge of General Affairs, Human Resources and Public Relations
In charge of Accounting and Finance
In charge of Auditing and Legal Affairs & Compliance
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
at Embodiment of the corporate mission
Becoming a global, leading green company that contributes to the realization of a prosperous society.
Read our mission in the "About" section
offers a vast range of products and solutions around the world. We categorize our offerings across twelve major business segments which you can learn about here.
Get an overview of our products & solutions
Respect human rights and promote the active participation of diverse human resources
Strengthen corporate governance and compliance on a continuous basis
Initiatives to address the SDGs
Through the Group’s diverse businesses and corporate activities related to the environment, society and governance (ESG), we believe we can make a contribution toward accomplishing the 17 globally shared goals of the SDGs.
Here's some of our initiatives
at Electric's business segments
Initiatives to address the SDGs
Visit the local website closest to you.
The Group has positioned Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as a pillar of its corporate management, based on its Corporate Mission and Seven Guiding Principles. Accordingly, the Group has made committed efforts to become a whose efforts are appreciated through its initiative toward solving social issues. Or in other words, a that is trusted by its stakeholders, including its society, customers, shareholders, and employees as a whole, and that earns their satisfaction through its business practices.
Since fiscal 2002, the Group has adhered to the management policy of maintaining balanced management initiatives based on three perspectives: growth, profitability and efficiency, and soundness. Through these perspectives it has pursued the establishment of a sound foundation to its management and sustainable growth.
Based on this policy, the Group has taken on the challenge of resolving environmental issues, resource and energy issues, and other social issues we face today on a global scale through its products, systems and services. In doing so, it aims to become a "global leading green company" contributing to the realization of a prosperous society that simultaneously achieves "sustainability" and "safety, security and comfort", as it pursues sustainable development of the entire Group and strives to further enhance its corporate value.
As for corporate ethics and compliance, the Group will continue to ensure strict adherence to its compliance policy and strengthen internal control.
In line with its efforts to achieve a higher level of growth, the Group has revised its growth targets for fiscal 2021 to consolidated net sales of ¥5.0 trillion or more, and an operating income ratio of 8% or more. The Group will also continuously and stably achieve the following management targets: secure an of 10% or more, and secure an interest-bearing debt of 15% or less of total assets.
In fiscal 2017, the Group achieved consolidated net sales of ¥4,238.6 billion, and an operating income of ¥270.1 billion. In addition, the Group continued to achieve its management targets for of 10% or more and an interest-bearing debt of 15% or less of total assets, recording figures of 10.9% and 8.4% respectively.
[Growth Targets to be Achieved by Fiscal 2021]
The Group's strength lies in its abundant technological assets, which encompass a wide range of technologies such as control technologies and power electronics. In addition, the Group possesses a solid operating platform that encompasses materials procurement, production, quality assurance, sales and services, in all of which a culture of improvement is firmly entrenched. The Group is thus well-positioned to freely leverage its competitive edge in a wide range of diverse businesses.
With this in mind, the Group has positioned "making strong businesses stronger" at the core of its growth strategies. Currently, the Group has identified eight businesses—power systems, transportation systems, building systems, factory automation (FA) systems, automotive equipment, space systems, power devices, and air-conditioning and refrigeration systems—as growth drivers. Focusing on these businesses, the Group will expand its operations into markets worldwide, ranging from Japan, North America, Europe, and China to newly emerging markets, including those elsewhere in Asia. By satisfying the needs of each market, the Group will continue to provide and create value for its customers, and thereby secure sustainable growth going forward.
Additional Value Creation through Technology Synergies and Business Synergies
With the goal of securing its fiscal 2021 growth targets and sustaining its business expansion thereafter, the Group is accelerating and strengthening its initiatives to create additional value by combining and coordinating a wide range of technologies and businesses with each other, while enhancing each product, system and service.
Specifically, the Group seeks to improve the performance and reliability of every product and system it offers by creating technology synergies through novel combinations of its strong technology assets, and business synergies through the coordination of its diverse business activities. At the same time, the Group will improve its ability to respond to its customers' business challenges and needs by further accelerating combination of its technologies, products, systems, and service. Through these efforts, the Group intends to improve its profits by improving its reputation with its customers in existing markets and developing new businesses and markets.
Increasing the Allocation of Resources to Steps Aimed at Strengthening Competitiveness
To achieve greater business competitiveness, the Group will continue to allocate a high level of investment resources, including research and development and capital, to those businesses where the Group is capable of quickly securing growth while generating short-term investment benefits, as well as those exhibiting a high probability of expansion with little or no volatility, with the aim of securing returns on its investments. At the same time, the Group will review and refresh its business portfolio to reallocate its management resources to areas that show growth. Moreover, the Group will strengthen this portfolio by continuously creating new strong businesses capable of driving future growth. In addition, the Group is committed to securing a more robust technological platform through forward-looking R&that will, in turn, ensure sustainable growth from fiscal 2021 onward.
Additionally, aiming to augment its growth, the Group will actively pursue collaborative ties and M&As with the following three perspectives in mind: expanding its business by supplementing product groups and technology fields in which the Group is lacking; securing sales and service networks when advancing into new regions and markets; and reaching new customer demographics in order to bolster the Group's business platform.
Building Robust Management Foundations
To strengthen its management foundations, the Group continuously strives to improve its capital efficiency. As a part of initiatives to this end, the Group continues to expand net sales and reduce costs while engaging in activities with the aim of improving inventory turnover, trade receivables turnover, and Just in Time operations. In addition to implementing these efforts in an exhaustive manner, in fiscal 2016 the Group began utilizing an internal performance indicator, (calculated by Electric's own standards), to monitor asset efficiency by business segment, thereby improving the of all Group operations.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to focus on generating stable cash flows, actively invest in growth fields, maintain well-balanced shareholder returns commensurate with profit growth, and diligently work to increase corporate value.
The Group will steadfastly carry out its management policies guided by a commitment to balanced management, while putting into practice its overarching corporate statement: Changes for the Better. Each and every employee will share the common goal of developing new frontiers through continuous innovation, and the Group—by continuing to undergo transformation itself—will mature into a that is always producing something better.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
From turbine power generators to monitoring and control systems for power generation plants, our range of products and systems for generating electricity are contributing to higher energy efficiency and lower environmental impact.
As the world looks to renewable energy and lower environmental impact, energy systems must deliver a high-quality, stable power supply. Our products and systems for power transmission, such as switchgears and transformers, provide the required efficiency and quality.
Optimizing energy through the smart grid. Our array of power distribution products and systems help ensure that electricity gets where it needs to go, stably and reliably. We contribute to advanced power networks to efficiently support the power industry, and combine smart meters and other commercial products with to enable a smarter use of electricity.
Produced the first vertical-axle hydrogenerator (2,300kVA).
Installed the world’s first static self-excited reactive power compensator (STACOM) for electrical power companies.
Developed the world’s highest-volume (51,300kW) direct current dynamo.
Began internal trials of technologies for the smart grid and smart community.
Began construction of high-voltage direct current (HVDC) verification facility at Amagasaki Transmission and Distribution Systems Center.
Introducing the 24/36kC-"HS-X" for the overseas power distribution and transmission market, the 12kHS-Type C-for the overseas renewal market, and more...
Unique technology for EM-field and large-coupled analysis of turbine generators
Developed for the current VP-series turbine generator and future models, this technology will contribute to the stable supply of power by improving efficiency and reliability.
Integrated factory for the production of vacuum interrupters (VI) and vacuum circuit breakers (VCB)
We’ve applied our original "e-F@ctory" concept knowhow to realize innovative IoT-based efficient production, and raise our market share.
Drastically reduces the cost and time of inspections and helps to increase the reliability and availability of power generators.
verification facility at Transmission and Distribution Systems Center
This new facility enables us to enter the global market for voltage-sourced converter (VSC)-based high-voltage direct current (HVDC) systems.
Through this system, we realize more efficient and sustainable power distribution with minimum energy loss.
Kyaw Kyaw used to sell candles to the vendors at the night market. But the wind or rain would make the flames go out. So he had an idea to sell light instead.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Green procurement is the procurement of materials with minimal effect on the environment, and it is essential to reducing the environmental impact of supplying the market with our products and services. Based on this understanding, the Group targeted green procurement as one of the priority goals of its corporate Environmental Plan, and formulated the Green Procurement Standards Guide in September 2000. Since then, chemical substance regulations have expanded worldwide, such as Directives on the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (RoHS)1, the directive, the REACH2 and regulations, Japan's J-Moss system, and China's version of RoThe Group has taken this global trend into consideration, and has continued to revise the Green Procurement Standards Guide. Issues such as the preservation of biodiversity, reduction of greenhouse gases, and management of water risks have also been included in the Green Procurement Standards Guide in response to existing situations. The latest editions of the Green Procurement Standards Guide and other documents are available from the Document Downloads (Green Procurement / Procurement) page.
In 2008, the European regulation came into full effect, requiring the assessment and management of more types of chemical substances than before. In response, the Group adopted the information communication scheme provided by the Joint Article Management Promotion-consortium (JAMP). The Group ensures strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations by examining the content of chemical substances in procured materials and registering the information in an in-house database.
The Group conducts surveys on the status of our suppliers' environmental management systems as well as their compliance with laws and regulations. Suppliers that are outstanding in these areas are granted Green Accreditation, and as a policy the Group procures materials from suppliers who have obtained such accreditation.
RoHS: directive issued by the European Union restricting the use of hazardous substances in electrical and electronic products. From July 2006, it has become illegal to sell products containing any of the six designated substances in the Another four substances will be added to the hazardous substances from July 2019.
REACH: An regulation which requires approximately 30,000 types of chemicals that are produced and imported within the to be registered and subjected to risk assessment. Substances of very high concern because of their potential negative impact on human health or the environment must have prior authorization, and substances that pose an unacceptable risk to human health or the environment are restricted from production, import, and use.
In order for an organization to fulfill its social responsibilities of respecting human rights, promoting health and safety, and ensuring legal compliance, it must promote procurement, or take measures to appropriately address such issues throughout the supply chain, not just with its employees. The Group surveys and evaluates the status of suppliers' initiatives, and promotes improvement actions of issues that were given low ratings. Furthermore, we formulated the Procurement Guideline in June 2018 so that the suppliers could appreciate our philosophy and their compliance matters about initiatives. To confirm that our suppliers take action follow this Guideline, we request to sign "Consent Confirmation Form", which is attached in final page of this Guideline, by the responsible person.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
We stay on the cutting edge, to support a sustainable future. Power semiconductor devices are essential for making countless varieties of power electronics equipment more energy-efficient—from railway traction systems and automobiles to industrial robots and air conditioning systems. is helping to realize a low-carbon society and provide a better life for everyone through the development of power semiconductor devices.
Our power semiconductor devices are used almost everywhere—in power electronic equipment including home electronics, traction, automobiles and electricity distribution. As the long-standing leader in world market share, contributes significantly to energy conservation and the reduction of the size and weight of power electronics equipment.
.*In modules (as of February, 2017), based on Electric's research.
Power semiconductor devices incorporating silicon carbide (SiC)
We continue to explore the potential of silicon carbide (SiC). In power devices, it can dramatically reduce power loss due to the special characteristics of the material, greatly boosting the energy efficiency of power electronics devices. started developing the elements required for Siin the early 1990s, and has continued to be at the global cutting-edge of the industry by developing commercial versions of Sipower semiconductor devices and products incorporating these devices, and providing data showing their energy-saving performance.
began research on power semiconductor devices in the 1950s.
Developed and commercialized Japan’s first power semiconductor device.
Developed new material and product, silicon-carbide (SiC) power semiconductors, maintaining a lead over other companies.
Installed a Sipower semiconductor device into (our) air conditioner units—a world’s first.
Began shipping samples of Sipower semiconductor modules to global markets.
Installed railcar traction system with full Sipower semiconductor modules onto Japan’s Shinkansen high-speed rail bullet trains.
Committed to the continuous development of Sito lower costs and improve performance, we provide crucial energy-saving devices as a leading global power devices manufacturer.
This new addition to our product range achieves a big “first”—a current rating of 75for DIPIPM, covering the 40krange of package air conditioners.
traction inverter incorporating large-capacity hybrid Sipower modules mounted on a railcar has demonstrated its energy saving effect in commercial operation since February 2012.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Since the 1960s, we've been a pioneer of space technology development in Japan and globally, and are strongly committed to international space development and satellite construction. We have participated in a wide range of high-performance payloads and bus components in multiple satellite programs worldwide.
Over the past four decades, has completed more satellite projects for communications concerns, government agencies and other large-scale clients than any other Japanese company. applies extensive expertise and experience in solar panel, antenna, amplification, tracking, control, and ground station system technologies to provide turn-key system solutions for major space-based networks.
We are a key global presence in the domain of ground systems, producing ground stations for tracking satellites and rockets as well as high-powered telescopes for astronomical observation. Our offerings include network systems for satellite tracking and control that we have developed for the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), as well as comprehensive systems for satellites and control stations. is also helping to unravel the mysteries of the universe’s origins through our work developing telescopes such as the Subaru Telescope and Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) Telescope.
began its foray into space technology.
selected as principal contractor for Japan’s first domestically produced communications satellite (CS-3).
Completion of Subaru telescope for the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan facility on the summit of Mauna Kea, Hawaii.
Successful docking of “KOUNOTORI” (HTV) unmanned supply vehicle with the International Space Station.
Completion of Atacama Compact Array (ACA) antennas for the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan at the Operations Support Facility of the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) Observatory in Chile.
Successful launch of TURKSAT-4Satellite.
Nobeyama 45-m radio telescope developed by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and Recognized as "Milestone"
The Nobeyama telescope has contributed greatly to advancement of radio astronomy since debuting as the-world's largest millimeter-wave telescope.
This new facility will double the satellite component production capacity of the Kamakura Works' Sagami Factory, and strengthen our growing foothold in the global satellite market.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
In the documents below, the fiscal year is calculated according to the Japanese fiscal system, and therefore differs from the fiscal year shown on other pages of this Website. For example, FY2019 (year ending March 31, 2019) is labeled as FY2018 in these documents, but refers to the exact same period.
Toward a Higher Level of Growth
Technology Synergies and Business Synergies
As the New President and CEO
Toward a Higher Level of Growth
Technology Synergies and Business Synergies
Corporate strategy (May 2014)
Visit the local website closest to you.
This report provides information about corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives by the Group to help realize a sustainable society. It primarily reports on significant activities, events, and changes that occurred in fiscal 2018 (year ending March 31, 2018). Based on the (plan-do-check-act) approach, in reporting our activities we tried to go beyond just presenting our principles and the results of activities to date in order to also refer to future policies and issues.
We endeavor to fulfill our responsibility of presenting information to the public in order to broaden our range of communication with stakeholders. We appreciate any and all frank and honest feedback intended to further improve the report.
Aiming to fulfill our responsibility of presenting information to the public, the report discloses information on our management initiatives and other activities from the aspects of governance, the environment, and society.
Period Covered by the Report
* Also includes some information on policies, targets, and plans for fiscal 2019 and thereafter.
Scope of the Report
*The range of data compiled is noted individually.
*Detailed information on economic performance is provided in the Environment section of our website.
*Detailed information on economic performance is provided in the Investors section of our website.
Business Owner Environmental Performance Indicator Guideline (2002), Ministry of the Environment
Environmental Accounting Guidelines (2005), Ministry of the Environment
Non-financial information about the Group is disclosed in the section of the website and " Report ," and environmental information is introduced in detail in the environment section of the website and " Environmental Performance Review ." The " Report " is available on our website together with the " Report Highlights Edition " aimed at communicating with stakeholders. In addition, we provide information such as " survey index " to notify our various initiatives comprehensively.
This report contains not only statements of past and present facts related to and its affiliates (Group), but also future projections, plans, targets, and other forward-looking statements. Such projections, plans, and targets constitute suppositions or judgments based on information available as of the time they are stated. Future business activities and conditions may differ from projections, plans, and targets due to changes in various external factors.
The Group conducts business in the form of development, manufacturing, and sales in a broad range of areas, and these activities take place both in Japan and overseas. Therefore, the group's financial standing and business performance may be affected by a variety of factors, including trends in the global economy, social conditions, laws, tax codes, litigation, and other legal procedures. We would ask stakeholders to keep these points in mind when reviewing this report.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Download our Green Accreditation Guideline, Procurement Guideline, Chemical Substance Control List, and Questionnaire for Green Accreditation and procurement here.
Explanation of Questionnaire for Green Accreditation and procurement
These response tools (MelHARo) were developed for suppliers by Electric.
Data input into these forms can be checked for errors before submission.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
We’re looking toward a greener tomorrow. Environmental Vision 2021 is the long-term environmental management vision of the Group. It outlines our goals for creating a low-carbon, recycling-based society, while respecting biodiversity and fostering environmental awareness.
Eco Changes represents our efforts to work together with our customers to change the global environment for the better.
It’s the environmental application of the Group's corporate statement, "Changes for the Better," which reflects our drive to always seek improvement and make changes accordingly.
Read about the Group‘s environmental policy, which underpins our environmental management system, and the action guidelines for our businesses as they promote biodiversity.
Aiming to become a global leading green company
Ecology is economical. aims to be a global, leading green company that contributes to a more affluent society. We will continue to put Eco Changes into practice as a way of changing our own actions and changing society to be more eco-conscious.
Read about our approach to being green
Long-term Perspectives Regarding Solutions to Environmental Issues and the SDGs
Introduced here are Electric’s long-term perspectives on solutions to environment-related issues and the SDGs that are closely related to the Group’s environmental activities.
Improving the level of environmental initiatives
Learn about all our environmental goals
We’re reducing environmental load throughout the entire product lifecycle, and finding ways to reduce CO
 emissions during product use while improving resource efficiency, in line with our Environmental Vision 2021.
Environmental considerations for products
Our Green Accreditation system, based on the Green Procurement Standards Guide, minimizes environmental risk while helping to preserve biodiversity.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Aiming to become a global leading green company
Long-term Perspectives Regarding Solutions to Environmental Issues and the SDGs
Environmental Considerations for Products
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The Group categorizes and manages chemical substances in three levels. According to each level, we request suppliers to substitute, provide written guarantee of non-usage, or implement activities to eliminate inappropriate chemical substances, and to investigate the extent to which certain chemical substances are contained in their product(s).
Level I: Substances banned from being contained or attached (substances that are currently or are scheduled to be banned)
Substances that have profound impact on people's health and on the ecosystem, and whose use is prohibited or restricted under domestic or international laws and regulations, or is voluntarily prohibited by the Group
Level II: Substances scheduled for elimination
Level III: Substances to be quantified
Substances that fall under neither Level nor II, but whose presence in a product must be assessed and understood
The Group promotes green procurement by obtaining information on the chemical content of parts and materials we procure from our suppliers along with their written guarantee of non-usage in order to ensure supplier reliability. When deemed necessary, we use the information to analyze the presence of chemical substances at our initiative.
We test for the presence of chemical substances by using fluorescent X-ray analysis screening and a one-drop extraction method (an analysis method developed by Electric), and obtain chemical substance information from our suppliers based on the information sharing format provided by the Japan Article Management Promotion-consortium (JAMP). We will continue strengthening our management systems in order to prevent contamination by the specific substances and to ensure their traceability.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
elevators, escalators and building management systems are always evolving, helping achieve our goal of being the No.1 brand in quality. In order to satisfy customers in all aspects of comfort, efficiency and safety while realizing a sustainable society, the highest levels of quality and environmental consideration are always at the core of our activities. As the times change, will continue to utilize the collective strengths of our advanced and environmental technologies to offer customers reliable products while contributing to society.
Since the mid 19th century, elevators have played a major role in transforming the city skylines of the world, all the while making daily life more convenient. elevators have played a major role in the development of the high-tech cityscapes of modern Japan, providing architects and developers with new options for innovative building design.
Escalators are big, bulky and expensive installations, and the level of engineering precision and manufacturing standards required to make them work reliably cannot be underestimated. Yet these conveyances are an integral part of daily life for millions all over the world. At Electric, we’re not only engaged in constant refinement of the technology to protect a customer’s investment over the years, we’re also pushing the envelope with innovative products like the spiral escalator. Introduced more than 20 years ago, to this day we remain the only manufacturer that makes these spectacular installations.
When completed, this facility will help us enhance the quality of our elevator installations and deliver higher levels of safety, peace of mind and comfort.
Illuminated projections for building guidance systems
This innovation provides visitors with directions and detailed elevator-status information, supporting smooth and efficient navigation and movement.
The new tower extends the range of products that can be tested, helping to accelerate local product development.
Three titles for fastest and tallest elevators
All three models are operating in the 632-meter Shanghai Tower, China's tallest building.
Electric's S-Series escalators take passenger safety and energy savings to new heights.
This machine-room-less (MRL) elevator eliminates the need for a rooftop machine room to account for building height restrictions. It is matched to the needs of the Latin American market
Visit the local website closest to you.
To realize sustained growth and increase corporate value, the Group works to maintain the flexibility of its operations while promoting management transparency. These endeavors are supported by an efficient corporate governance structure that clearly defines and reinforces the supervisory functions of management while ensuring that the Company is responsive to the expectations of customers, shareholders, and all of its stakeholders.
In June 2003, became a company with a committee system. Key to this structure is the separation of supervisory and executive functions; the Board of Directors plays a supervisory decision-making role and executive officers handle the day-to-day running of the Company.
The present Board is comprised of twelve members (five of whom are Outside Directors, one of whom is a woman), who objectively supervise and advise the Company's management. The Board of Directors has three internal bodies: the Audit, Nomination and Compensation committees. Each body has five members, the majority of whom are outside directors. The Audit Committee is supported by dedicated independent staff.
salient characteristic of Electric's management structure is that the roles of Chairman of the Board, who heads the supervisory function, and the President & CEO, who is head of all executive officers, are clearly separated. Additionally, neither is included among the members of the Nomination and Compensation Committees. The clear division of supervisory and executive functions allows the Company to ensure effective corporate governance.
For proper execution of duties by the Audit Committee, the committee's independence is ensured such as by assigning dedicated employees to assist in its duties, and the expenses and responsibilities incurred by the committee in the course of executing its duties are appropriately processed according to internal regulations.
framework is also in place for reporting to the Audit Committee. The Internal Control Department keeps the Audit Committee informed of information about and affiliate companies, and an internal reporting system is used to report that information to audit committee members.
Audit committee members attend executive officers' meetings and other such important conferences, and conduct hearings and surveys of executive officers and the executive staff of offices and affiliated companies. It also receives regular reports from the accounting auditor and executive officer in charge of auditing, and discusses auditing policies and methods and the implementation status and results of audits.
Internal regulations and system are in place to ensure proper operations by the Group. Within this system, executive officers undertake their duties on their own responsibility and hold executive officers' meetings to deliberate on important matters.
Executive officers themselves make periodic inspections of the operational status of the system, and the Internal Control Department inspects the design and operation of the internal control framework and regulations, and the status of internal reporting system and then report the result to audit committee members.
Furthermore, an internal auditor audits the operational status of the framework, and through an executive officer in charge of auditing, regularly reports the results of such audits to the Audit Committee.
Acting independently, Electric's Corporate Auditing Division conducts internal audits of the Company from a fair and impartial standpoint. In addition, the division's activities are supported by auditors with profound knowledge of their particular fields, assigned from certain business units.
The Audit Committee is made up of five directors, three of whom are outside directors. In accordance with the policies and assignments agreed to by the committee, the performances of directors and executive officers as well as affiliated companies are audited.
The Corporate Auditing Division, through the executive officer in charge of auditing, submits reports to the Audit Committee, which holds periodic meetings to exchange information and discuss auditing policies. In addition, the Audit Committee discusses policies and methods of auditing with accounting auditors, who furnish it with reports on the status and results of the audits of the Company that they themselves conduct.
Providing Directors with Appropriate Information at the Appropriate Time, and Conducting Reviews of the Board with Analyses and Evaluations
To strengthen the Board's capacity to supervise Company's management, the bureaus of the Board of Directors and each committee provide the directors with the information necessary for supervising management, in a timely and appropriate manner. And, to further improve the Board of Directors' capacity to supervise management, venues have been established for supplying information to and exchanging views with outside directors, and the Company is working to further enhance the provision of management-related information to the Board of Directors itself.
Additionally, in order to further enhance the functioning of the Board of Directors, the Board meetings are reviewed on an annual basis, and analyses and evaluations are conducted in the following areas.
The information supplied in relation to discussions at the meetings (quality and quantity) and the method of its provision
Materials, details and methods of explanation, question-and-answer guidelines, time apportioned for each proposal on the meetings
Other mechanisms for improving the functioning of the Board of Directors
Points for improvement of policies based on previous reviews of the Board of Directors, etc.
As a result of the recent review, the Board of Directors was evaluated for making ongoing improvements in response to the results of previous reviews and engaging in discussions in an even more active and open manner compared to before, based on the understanding that sharing timely and appropriate management information with executive officers is essential for the Board to properly fulfill its business supervisory function. This evaluation in effect endorses the performance of the Board of Directors, but further efforts will be made to enhance debates and discussion by the Board, such as by expanding deliberation times.
Policies regarding decisions on compensation, etc. will be made through resolutions by the Compensation Committee, the majority of which consists of Outside Directors. summary of the policies is as follows.
Directors give advice to and supervise the Company's management from an objective point of view, and therefore, the compensation scheme for Directors is the payment of fixed-amount compensation and the retirement benefit upon resignation.
Directors will receive their compensation as a fixed amount, and the compensation to be paid will be set at a level considered reasonable, while taking into account the contents of the Directors' duties and the Company's conditions, etc.
Directors will receive the retirement benefit upon their resignation, and the retirement benefit to be paid will be set at a level decided on the basis of the monthly amount of compensation and the number of service years, etc.
The compensation scheme for the Executive Officers focuses on incentives for the realization of management policies and the improvement of business performance, and performance-based compensation will be paid in addition to the payment of fixed-amount compensation and the retirement benefit upon resignation.
Fixed-amount compensation will be set at a level considered reasonable taking into account the contents of the Executive Officers duties and the Company's conditions.
The level of performance-based compensation will be decided while taking into account the consolidated business performance and the performance of the business to which the respective Executive Officer is assigned, etc. With the purposes of meshing the interest of shareholders with the Executive Officers and further raising management awareness that places importance on the interest of shareholders, and increasing the incentives for the improvement of business performance from the mid- and long-term perspectives, 50% of performance-based compensation will be paid in the form of shares. The Company sets a rule that, when the Executive Officers acquire the Company shares as a part of compensation, they are required to continue the shareholding until 1 year has passed from resignation.
The amount of the retirement benefit will be decided on the basis of the monthly amount of compensation and the number of service years, etc.
The Board of Directors comprises twelve members, five of whom are Outside Directors (one of whom is a woman), who objectively supervise and advise the Company's management (composition ratio of outside directors: 42%).
Outside Directors receive reports about the activity status of internal auditors, the audit committee, accounting auditors, and internal control departments via the Board of Directors, and provide their impartial views regarding Electric's management from an objective perspective. By doing so, they bring greater transparency to the management framework and strengthen the Board's function of supervising management.
Criteria for Judgment of the Independence of Independent Outside Directors
Outside Directors are expected to supervise management from a high-level perspective based on their abundant experience. Those who are comprehensively judged to possess the character, acumen, and business and professional experience suited to fulfill that role, and who satisfy the requirements of independent executives specified by the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the requirements specified in Electric's Guidelines on the Independence of Outside Directors (see below) and thus possess no risk of giving rise to any conflict of interest with the general shareholders of the company, are selected as outside director candidates by the Nominating Committee.
nominates persons with experience in company management in the business world, attorneys and academics, among other specialists, who are appropriate to oversee the Company's business operations and not falling under any of the following cases, as candidates for Outside Directors.
Note that each of the following 1), 2), 4) and 5) includes a case in any fiscal year during the past three fiscal years.
Persons who serve as Executive Directors, Executive Officers, managers or other employees (hereinafter "business executers") at a company whose amount of transactions with the Company accounts for more than 2% of the consolidated sales of the Company or the counterparty
Persons who serve as business executers at a company to which the Company has borrowings that exceed 2% of the consolidated total assets
Persons who are related parties of the Company's independent auditor
Persons who receive more than ¥10 million of compensation from the Company as specialists or consultants
Persons who serve as Executive Officers (Directors, etc.) of an organization to which the Company offers contribution that exceeds ¥10 million and 2% of the total revenue of the organization
Persons who are the Company's major shareholders (holding more than 10% of voting rights) or who serve as their business executers
Persons who are related parties of a person or company that have material conflict of interest with the Company
Mr. Yabunaka's experience and insights as an expert in international affairs cultivated through the course of a career are highly beneficial to Electric. thus expects him to bring an objective viewpoint to the overseeing of the Company's business operations.
Mr. Obayashi's experience and insights cultivated through the course of a career as a lawyer (public prosecutor, attorney-at-law) are highly beneficial to Electric. thus expects him to bring an objective viewpoint to the overseeing of the Company's business operations.
Mr. Watanabe's experience and insights as a certified public accountant cultivated over the course of his career are highly beneficial to Electric. thus expects him to bring an objective viewpoint to the overseeing of the Company's business operations.
Mr. Nagayasu's experience and insights as a business specialist cultivated over the course of his career in bank management are highly beneficial to Electric. thus expects him to bring an objective viewpoint to the overseeing of the Company's business operations.
Ms. Koide's experience and insights as a business specialist cultivated over the course of her career in international corporate management are highly beneficial to Electric.
thus expects her to bring an objective viewpoint to the overseeing of the Company's business operations.
held seven Board of Directors meetings during the fiscal year.Global
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
We help make cars safer for the environment and more efficient to drive. Through the development of technologies for less fuel consumption in internal combustion engines, and of next-generation powertrain systems, we are helping to reducing CO2 emissions.
We provide a broad spectrum of information services in automobiles that enable safer and more comfortable driving for everyone. We contribute to more driving pleasure with smart solutions that incorporate preventive safety systems, and integrate car-multimedia systems.
offers a variety of cutting-edge products to continuously satisfy the needs of the automobile society today and tomorrow. As we apply various innovative technologies, we are pursuing the infinite possibilities of the future of driving.
Marketed E-type axial rotation magnet as the first vehicle electrical component.
Began production of vehicle electrical components (dynamo starter).
As a world‘s first, began mass production of alternators for use in passenger vehicles.
Launched production of the world‘s first power steering system.
Began production of the world‘s first GPS-equipped navigation system for OEM.
Started production of integrated intelligent power drive units for hybrid vehicles.
Began production of battery chargers for cars.
and team up to offer advanced location services for autonomous cars
We aim to offer services to support cars with (advanced driver assistance systems) on the road today as well as to the fully autonomous, vehicles of the future.
This innovative product will be used in Mercedes-Benz vehicles, but we will continue developing increasingly smaller, lighter-weight and higher-power systems to increase fuel efficiency and reduce CO2 emissions.
Field testing xautonomous-driving test vehicle—offering high safety and convenience
Testing has confirmed that our autonomous driving technologies operate well under various road conditions, including bad visibility during dense fog and snow.
This next-generation driving-assistance technology realizes safer and more convenient transportation.
Using road-surface projections and car-body displays to indicate vehicle movements clearly
This system projects large, easy-to-understand illuminated signals that are projected in clear view of pedestrians and other vehicles.
Driver monitoring system with wide-angle camera
The first system to simultaneously monitor both the driver and front passenger with one wide-angle camera, the camera recognizes the movements of both persons’ hands and controls various in-vehicle devices.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
The Group's Green Accreditation system is a means of evaluating and recognizing whether the environmental initiatives of our suppliers satisfy our Green Accreditation standards. By launching the system in fiscal 2007 and preferentially procuring materials from suppliers who have obtained Green Accreditation, the Group is striving to faithfully comply with the chemical substance regulations that are expanding on a global scale. Furthermore, in 2009, we launched a measure to survey the status of our suppliers' initiatives with regard to human rights, labor practices, health and safety, legal compliance, product safety, etc.
Specifically, we request suppliers to provide information on the status of their environmental management initiatives by filling in a Green Accreditation and Procurement Entry Sheet, and issues Green Accreditation certification to the suppliers who satisfy our accreditation standards. Suppliers who do not satisfy the standards are invited to attend a lecture session on green procurement, where they can receive support for enhancing their approaches to the environment. Furthermore, the results of evaluation are feed back to all suppliers. The supplier is required to develop and improvement with respect to issues we are given low rating while maintaining communication with the Group.
Environmental management system initiatives
Management of chemical substances contained in products supplied to the Group
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
For rail service providers, safety and on-time delivery of high quality service are the key to business. Through our train control and monitoring systems (TCMS), safety technology systems, and automated control systems that autonomously evaluate operational status and control operations accordingly, we provide the advanced transportation technologies to keep passengers feeling at ease.
offers the transportation system innovations needed to provide ease of use for all passengers, and a high level of comfort. From railcar comfort and train station convenience to the timely provision of information and other advanced services, we deliver a wide range of technologies only possible from a diversified electrical and electronics manufacturer.
offers an environment-conscious approach to transportation systems for the sustainable development of society and high-quality lifestyles in the future. We strive to achieve ever-higher environmental performance through new technological innovations, such as low-energy-consumption rolling stock, effective utilization of regenerated power, and leveling of power loads.
First delivery to the overseas market: Propulsion systems for locomotives of Indian National Railway
Delivered the first Train Integrated Management System (TIMS) in Japan.
Delivered Japanese first “Train Vision” on-board information system
Supplied the world’s first SiC-based auxiliary power supply unit.
World's first order of 3.3kV/1500All Sibased inverter for 1500catenaries.
Order for prototype traction transformers from French National Railways
is the first Japanese company to be certified by as a propulsion systems supplier.
Expanded lineup of integrated 400AC-output station energy-saving inverters
This lineup contributes to more energy-efficient operations, even at train stations with high-load demands of 400power distribution circuits.
We’re looking to the future, including enhancements such as barrier-free fare collection in stations, personalized onboard services, and more.
Railcar electrical equipment for Hong Kong train replacement project
Railway systems for Tf(Transport for New South Wales)
This project is the biggest order in the history of Electric's railway business in the Oceania market.
Overseas business expansion; technological prospects; railway energy and environmental solutions to support a low-carbon society, and more...
There are rickshaws, motorbikes, tuk-tuks, cars, and pedestrians—all trying to share the road at the same time. As a result, traffic can be chaotic and dangerous. Too dangerous for children to navigate that traffic to walk to school. So Principal Farah Diba knew she had to help.
Visit the local website closest to you.
Basic policy and approach to environmental management
Our commercial and residential air-conditioning systems have earned a global reputation for a higher standard of performance, uncompromising reliability and cost-saving energy efficiency. At the leading-edge of air conditioner innovation, we provide greater comfort to customers while minimizing environmental  impact, and creating a better world for all.
In addition to ensuring a comfortable room in any environment, our world-leading technologies aim to provide an ideal harmony between users and their surroundings
Electric’s air conditioning and refrigeration systems deliver optimum cost efficiency by continuously reducing energy requirements and improving the environmental performance of our products.
Our products are subjected to rigorous testing under harsh conditions that are more extreme than anything they’ll face in normal usage. This strict testing ensures years of reliable service.
Shizuoka Works was established for the specialized production of room air conditioners and packaged air conditioners.
Ingersoll Rand and to establish joint venture
The new entity will expand ductless and heating and air conditioning systems in the and select Latin American countries.
Open factory for room air conditioners in Turkey
This initiative aims to expand business in Turkey and Europe, where the demands for room air conditioners and refrigeration systems are expected to increase.
The merger has realized synergies for strengthened competitiveness in Electric's business, mainly in Europe.
Introducing the next stage of MULTI
products feature a variety of indoor units, outdoor units, ventilation solutions, and control options enabling you to design the system that best meets the needs of your building.
Visit the local website closest to you.
