: The amazing potential of carbon nanotubes is untangled – enabling a new world of remarkable performance. – The amazing potential of carbon nanotubes is untangled – enabling a new world of remarkable performance.
such as transdermal drug delivery
Untangling Potential to Enable Performance.
Until now, carbon nanotubes that have been integrated into materials have been “fuzzy balls” of highly entangled nanotubes that do not disperse uniformly within the material. This clumping and non-uniform distribution significantly reduce their potential and limit not only the ability to integrate into numerous applications but also the level of performance achieved and amount of nanotubes required. Our innovative and patent pending technology, unlocks the potential of carbon nanotubes by creating discrete, functionalized, open ended tubes with optimal aspect ratios, REBAR®, enabling drastically increased adherence to surfaces, exceptional mechanical strength improvement, and increased electrical conductivity that are easily dispersible into a broad range of materials.
Discover how can vastly improve the performance and success of your products.
Achieving Remarkable Results
Working Closely with Industry Leaders
We work closely with industry leaders in specific segments to bring our customers the remarkable new levels of performance enabled by our breakthrough technology.
Truly Cost-effective and Efficient
brings this new level of performance to industry in a surprisingly cost-effective and efficient process – to enable the remarkable benefits in a host of applications and uses.
Redefining Performance Standard
REBAR® rewrites the performance rules for multiple industries by untangling potential and enabling performance.
Contact Please tell us which areas you would like more information.
Lithium Batteries
The amazing potential of carbon nanotubes is untangled – enabling a new world of remarkable performance.
Lead Acid Batteries
Lithium Batteries
Meet Our Channel Partners
For Defense applications 
For Energy Storage applications 
For Medical applications 
 Lithium Batteries
 Lead Acid Batteries
 Electronics and Sensors
Lead Acid Batteries
Lithium Batteries
Our Team – : The amazing potential of carbon nanotubes is untangled – enabling a new world of remarkable performance.
Carbon nanotubes, untangled to enable a new world of remarkably improved performance.
Design, (MRD), based in Austin, Texas, was established to develop and commercialize a breakthrough form of modified carbon nanotubes (CNT’s), called REBAR®. These are the world’s first CNT’s that are disentangled from the usual clumping and individualized through a patent-protected process which enables significantly enhanced performance for a myriad of high-value materials.
Since 2012, has focused on integrating our breakthrough technology into strategic markets while continuing to innovate and develop new and improved technologies. Whether it is enabling significant strength and longevity in rubber and plastic products, redefining performance limitations in both lead and lithium batteries, or working with global industry leading companies to explore new fields of application, REBAR® untangles potential and enables performance.
Meet Our World-Class Team
The team is comprised of some of the chemical industry’s leading and most innovative professionals. It’s a multidisciplinary team of world-class chemists, materials scientists, engineers, and physicists. They’ve won a multitude of prestigious awards for innovation and have extensive experience commercializing industry-changing technologies. Together, they’ve been responsible for over $15 billion in annual revenue and $2 billion in annual profit at Fortune 100 companies. has combined its technical expertise with distinguished executive leadership and state-of-the-art laboratory infrastructure.
Kurt Swogger
Kurt Swogger is the Chief Executive Officer and a founding member of Design, LLC.
He began his career at The Dow Chemical Company in 1972. While there, he held positions in research, manufacturing, and marketing in the Ag Chemicals, Consumer Products, and Polyolefins businesses. In 2003, he was appointed Vice President of R&and was responsible for polystyrene, automotive, engineering plastics, building and construction products, rubber, and thermosets. In 2005, he was named R&Vice President for the Performance Plastics and Chemicals Businesses. He also served on the board of directors for Univation, a joint venture between Dow and Exxon. He retired from Dow in 2007.
Kurt received his in Chemical Engineering from Case Western Reserve University and is a Registered Professional Engineer in Texas.
Swogger has been honored with many distinguished awards. He received the Medal of Technology, the Corporate Innovators Award, the American Chemical Society’s Chemical Leadership Award, and the AIChProduct Innovations Award. In addition to his leadership role at MRD, Kurt is also the Executive of Investments and a board member of Planned Innovation Institute and an active member in the Plastics Pioneers Association. To share his entrepreneurial expertise, Kurt serves on the board of several start-up companies, including Liquid Light, Wildcat Technologies, and Rennovia.
Dr. Clive Bosnyak
Previously, Clive spent 25 years at The Dow Chemical Company. During his tenure, he rose to the position of Lead Scientist. His wide-ranging successes included designed block polymers for elastomeric applications, engineering thermoplastic blends for automotive and electronic businesses, and polypropylene-based products, along with many others. As team leader, he was awarded, in 2001, the prestigious external “R&100 Award” for polypropylene resin.
Clive obtained his Ph.in Chemistry from the University of Birmingham, England, in 1980. He was adjunct professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago and is currently a staff member of the University of Texas. He trained in Planned Innovation® in 1985. Clive is recognized internationally as an inventor and innovator in the development of new polymeric materials and technologies. He is also a consultant for selected international companies and specializes in innovative technologies and business development.
Michael has extensive experience in the coatings, inks, plastics, ceramics, rubber and allied materials industries, with a long history of creating business opportunities for innovative technologies. Michael held a number of technical and commercial positions with Ciba Geigy, finally as Pigments & Additives for the Imaging and Inks market. Subsequent to that Michael has established himself as an Independent Business Development Executive, successfully helping companies such as Altairnano, Thermico USA, Lion Copolymer and others successfully launch new technologies and products into the High Performance Materials market.
Michael received his honors B.Sc. in Chemistry from the University of Western Ontario, London, Ontario, Canada and his at McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
Chaney Phillips is currently Chief Manufacturing & Engineering Officer for Design, LLC.
Phillips is responsible for the operation of the company’s production facilities as well as managing the supply chain strategy.  He also plays an important role in developing strategic partnerships with suppliers to license the rights to manufacture REBAR.
Prior to joining MRD, he was an Operations Manager at Great Lakes Chemical Co. overseeing six production units.  He was also President and co-founder of Revolution Mobile Solutions, a mobile advertising company.
He completed his in mechanical engineering at the University of Houston and later completed his at Harding University.
Blake Brodersen is currently General Counsel for Design, LLC.
Brodersen is responsible for advising on a wide range of legal matters encompassing transactional, governance, securities, employment and regulatory issues.
Prior to joining MRD, Blake was VP/Asst. General Counsel for Scott and White Health Plan in Temple, Texas, where he weighed in on state and federal regulatory matters and governmental affairs, and a broad range of other legal issues. Prior to joining Scott & White Health Plan, he was the Deputy Commissioner of the Division at the Texas Department of Insurance where he was responsible for the regulatory oversight of HMOs licensed in the state of Texas, as well as implementation of legislation affecting managed care organizations in Texas. Prior to serving as Deputy Commissioner, he represented various Texas agencies as an Assistant Attorney General.
Brodersen holds a Juris Doctorate Degree from Gonzaga University School of Law in Spokane, He has been licensed to practice law in Texas since 1993. Mr. Brodersen holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of South Dakota in Vermillion, He served as the President for the Texas Association of Health Plans from 2010–2012, has served on the Board of Directors of the Austin/San Antonio chapter of The General Counsel Forum, and is a member of the Association of Corporate Counsel.
Chief Patent Counsel
Stephen Krupp is Chief Patent Counsel for Design, LLC.
He began his career at The Dow Chemical Company in 1981, as a Research Engineer.  He held various R&and TS&positions in Dow, including co-inventorship on 8 Patents.  Stephen transferred into Dow’s Legal Department in 1989, and later graduated from law school.  He retired from Dow in 2010 after 29 years combined R&and legal experience, has his own law practice and has been with since 2010.  As Chief Patent Counsel, he is responsible for filing, prosecuting, coordinating, and executing all matters relating to MRD’s global intellectual property protection.
Stephen has written, prosecuted and granted hundreds of patents, notably including polyethylene compositions of matter for various Dow trademarked products such as INSITE™, ENGAGE™, AFFINITY™, and INFUSE™.  He has been involved in many highly visible, successful offensive and defensive oppositions, several interferences, and offensive patent infringement lawsuits.  He is a co-recipient of the 2009 R&100 Award and wrote the patent for which Dow was awarded 1994 Inventor of the Year Award by the IPO.
Stephen received his Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Washington University in St. Louis, MO, and his Juris Doctorate, Cum Laude, from Thomas Cooley Law School in Lansing,  He is licensed to practice before the and the CAFC, and is admitted to practice by the State Bars of Missouri and Texas.
