Countertops and Solid Surface
Let’s collaborate to unleash your product! Our water-soluble film technologies enable you to enhance everyday life through  innovative, sustainable packaging solutions that completely dissolve in water. 
Countertops and Solid Surface
Countertops and Solid Surface
Cookie SettingsMonoSol’s water-soluble film technologies have revolutionized detergent and cleaning industries all over the world. Our water-soluble packaging design helps create products that can deliver exact dosage, easier handling, greater convenience, and safety and sustainability. MonoSol’s growing portfolio of applications includes detergents, countertops and solid surface and ag chem, as well as cosmetics and personal care products, food manufacturing, pool and spa, transfer printing and more. Through our collaborative mindset, global manufacturing footprint, high-quality products and scientific expertise, we partner with our customers to create innovative product packaging solutions that enhance everyday life. Founded in 1953, is a division of Kuraray, one of the world’s leading specialty chemical companies, and is based in Merrillville, Indiana.
Our selection of dissolvable packaging technologies enable delivery of solid and liquid components in a range of sizes, pH, water content, and other critical factors. We tailor our technologies to meet your needs and we can recommend converters that create delivery systems for solids and liquids.
products can deliver exact dosage, easier handling and greater convenience for countless applications including detergents, personal care products, food manufacturing, ag chem and more. Let’s talk about your ideas .
We partner with our customers every step of the way, from concept and scale-up to commercial reality, to ensure success. To learn more about collaborating, contact us .
Compatibility testing is very important to new products or ingredients to ensure they can be packaged safely and effectively in water-soluble film technology. By testing product with a variety of films, we can assess viability, compatibility and performance of our films to identify the optimal water-soluble solution. Compatibility testing helps us ensure your product is successful when it hits the shelf. To request compatibility testing,  tell us about your product!
Copacking – Once we have run compatibility testing and are moving towards production, has various packaging contacts which will help to take your product from concept to a single-dose delivery system.  At we pride ourselves on helping our customers not only purchase the right film, but guiding you to world class pouch manufacturers, delivering a turn-key solution.
Through hands-on collaboration, we will help you deliver category-changing technology with enriched convenience. Whether in soluble-dosing or state-of-the-art fabrication, our total engagement approach backed by our unmatched chemistry, formulating and conversion expertise will be at your disposal every step of the way.
enhances everyday life and enables a sustainable future through innovative water-soluble technology and successful collaboration.
We provide a safe environment for our employees, service providers, partners and customers. Safety is the Cornerstone of all we do. The products we offer are beneficial for mankind and are environmentally friendly. We believe in collaboration, use of best practices, continuous training, and reinvesting in people and infrastructure to support our business together. Above all, the team cultivates an ethos of respect for each other and our environment.
We make it our business to know and understand our customer needs and expectations.
We design product quality into our processes.
We understand service is critical to our customers.
We know that continuous improvement must be embraced at all levels of our organization.
We strive to provide the means for each and every employee to feel a sense of contribution and accomplishment relative to their career and MonoSol’s success.
We treat our customers and fellow employees with respect and dignity.
The advancement of our community, region, environment and country has and always will be considered in all major management decisions.
We adhere to the requirements of the following governing bodies:
We voluntarily participate and practice the rules and guidelines for accreditations. We are:
January 21, 2019 – In recognition of its ongoing commitment to creating an outstanding workplace, MonoSol, a Kuraray Division, was named a Best and Brightest Company to Work For in the nation for the third consecutive year by the National Association for Business Resources (NABR). In 2018, awarded this distinction to only 512 organizations out of 2,400 nominations from across the country.
The Best and Brightest Companies to Work For award recognizes organizations that represent best practices in human resources and strong commitments to their employees. The winning companies are assessed by an independent research firm based on key measures like compensation, benefits and employee solutions, employee enrichment, engagement, retention and work-life balance.
“We have a strong and ongoing commitment to create opportunities for our employees to excel, learn and grow their skills and career paths, and we take great pride in earning this esteemed award for the past three years,” said Scott Bening, President & CEO, “2018 was a year of great accomplishment and continued growth for MonoSol. Our success, as well as that of our customers, is made possible only through the daily dedication to excellence from all our employees.”
MonoSol’s recent workplace initiatives include the expansion of new office and laboratory space at its headquarters in Merrillville, Indiana. Beyond accommodating the company’s continued growth, the expansion fosters its strong innovation and collaborative culture by bringing together vital parts of MonoSol’s research and development organization, including product design and testing capabilities that were previously stationed at other facilities. Twenty-five company chemists, engineers and technical staff in Merrillville can now collaborate across departments, and host scientists from its major customers and from Kuraray, MonoSol’s Tokyo-based parent company. Together, the teams can access nearly $350,000 worth of new scientific equipment and technical instruments that were added as part of the expansion.
Bening added, “key aspect of our workplace culture is our employees’ desire to give back to those in need. Our corporate social responsibility program participants logged more than 864 volunteer hours caring for our communities by supporting local food pantries, environmental causes, veteran organizations and local schools.”
The company incents participation by providing employees the time to volunteer and their volunteer hours earn them entries into an end-of-year drawing for two round-trip tickets on United Airlines to any destination in the world. Additionally, this past year, contributed nearly $100,000 to more than 50 non-profit organizations.
P&External Business Partner of the Year
P&External Business Partner of the Year
CINCINNATI–( )–The Procter & Gamble Company (NYSE:PG) recognized seven of its top performing External Business Partners with its prestigious Partner of the Year award yesterday. Additionally, P&also awarded over 50 other companies The External Business Partner Excellence Award, including two for superior performance in Supplier Diversity.
Responsible Care Management System (RCMS) has been certified to the RC14001:2013 standard
chose to be audited against 14001:2013, which provided an opportunity to achieve third-party registration to both Responsible Care® and to the 14001 Environmental Management System (EMS) Standard, simultaneously. The certification process included two stages of audits to ensure that our management system has the necessary elements to achieve continuous improvement in the Environmental, Health, Safety and Security (EHSS) areas.
Being certified as compliant with Responsible Care® is a powerful message to our customers. It indicates to them that we are committed to the health and well-being of all our stakeholders. It validates to our customers that our standards are nothing less than world-class in the area of environment, health, safety and security.
Our customers see the Responsible Care® branding and immediately know that our core values are aligned with creating a sustainable supply chain for their products. Many of our customers are continuing to find ways to reduce their environmental footprint and make their products safer. / Kuraray is a partner they know they can engage and collaborate to improve in these areas. This creates a strong base for innovation and deep-lasting relationships.
Countertops and Solid Surface
 at offers a diverse work environment where personal and professional growth is highly valued. We strive to help our employees feel a sense of contribution and accomplishment, because all employees play an integral role in our success. We support continuing education, professional development and personal growth initiatives through tuition reimbursement, training opportunities and performance reviews.
provides highly competitive compensation and benefits to attract and retain the best and brightest talent, including an opportunity to earn incentive compensation based on company and individual performance. As a result, our employees have a sense of pride and ownership in the company.
We are always looking for skilled, enthusiastic, goal oriented team members.
In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities.  does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.  This policy governs all aspects of employment, including selection, job assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, and access to benefits and training. will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship. 
 for open job opportunities in the U.S.
If you are interested in joining our team, please mail or fax your resume and cover letter to:
Countertops and Solid Surface
is based in Merrillville, Indiana, and our parent company, Kuraray, is based in Japan. We have global reach with in-region commercial and technical experts available to our customers. 
collects the information you provide through this web site. You provide personal information to by entering information into the “ contact us ” web form at https://www.monosol.com/contact/ and clicking the “submit” button at the bottom of the web page. We use the information you submit via our web form to reply to any questions or comments you have about MonoSol’s products.
collects the information you provide your interactions with us. For example, if you send us an e-mail asking about a product, we will collect your name and contact information so that we can respond to your inquiry. Similarly, if you call us to ask about a product, or submit a purchase order for a product via FAX, or submit a payment, or submit an invoice for a service you provided to MonoSol, captures, works with, and stores the information you provide to us via these different modes of business communications.
Information collected by the form on MonoSol’s contact web page, and via the other modes of business communication described above, is similar to the type of personal information that can be found on a business card, for example, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We also ask you to provide information to better direct your request to the correct department within MonoSol. For example, asks “How did you hear about us” and “What are you looking for” type questions to better direct your request(s) within MonoSol.
only uses the personal information you provide for internal purposes—we do not sell or rent your personal information. For example, we use your personal information to respond to your request to “Please send me more information about . . . [a product or service],” sending an e-mail to the e-mail address you provided with the requested information, or contacting you over the telephone using the telephone number you provided, to discuss your request and answer question(s).
reserves the right to share your personal information with its sister companies or its parent company. For example, if a customer calls with a question, but actually was seeking information about a product by a sister company to MonoSol, the customers information will be transferred by to the company so that the company can properly address the customer’s question.
Personal information is released in circumstances where is required to conform to legal requirements, assist law enforcement, comply with legal process, evaluate violations of MonoSol’s agreements, to protect from legal action, or to assert MonoSol’s legal rights.
If is sold, merges with another entity, or enters receivership and sells its assets, retains the right to transfer your personal information for use by the purchasing individual or entity, or to transfer your personal information for use by the new corporate entity created by the merger.
uses data from Google Analytics including information about web pages visited, age, gender, and interests, to better understand the behavior and interests of our customers. Google gathers this information using web site cookies (see below for information about cookies). You can opt out of allowing Google to use tracking cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings page (available at https://adssettings.google.com/ ).You can prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on (available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout ).
In addition to the uses described above for the information you provide to us, we may use your personal information to contact you for additional information necessary to answer your inquiries or fulfill your order; determine if you are satisfied with our service; or communicate information or special offers about our products.
MonoSol’s web site employs security measures that are standard in the industry to protect our company assets and your personal information. Because of the ever changing nature of the Internet and web technologies, security measures can quickly become obsolete and thus we are unable to guarantee that the personal information you provide through our website will never be exfiltrated by malicious actors. We use both internal and external resources to maintain our web site, and to provide the technical and physical security that protects company assets and your personal information.
Data Protection and Your first point of contact if you have questions about our data protection practices or policy is:
In your communications, please be clear that you are trying to contact about a data protection concern (i.e., address correspondence to “Data Protection” as indicated above).
supports your ability to find out what personal information or data we hold about you and how we use it. This ability is called a Subject Access Request. If you (the “Data Subject”) would like a copy of the personal information we maintain about you, please write to:
In your communications please be clear that you are making a Subject Access Request (i.e., address your correspondence to the attention of “Subject Access Request” as indicated above, and include your name and contact information so that we can verify your identity).
You should also contact us at one of the addresses above if you believe there are updates or corrections to your personal information (for example, an address or phone number change request), if you want to restrict MonoSol’s use of your personal information (for example, a request to stop sending product information e-mails), or a request to delete your information if there is no appropriate reason for to retain your information (for example, requesting the removal of your personal information that you entered via our web form).
also facilitates, at the request of a user, personal information “transfer” or “porting” in structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format like the World Wide Web Consortium’s Extensible Markup Language (XML). This is called data portability, the ability for you to obtain and reuse personal information you have provided to for your own purposes across different services. You can request a portable version of your personal information be sent to yourself, or to a third party.
You can make a portable personal information or data request by writing to:
Attn: Portable Data Subject Access Request
If you are requesting the transfer of the portable version of your personal information to a third party (e.g., another company), please provide the company name and address to which the personal information should be sent. Please note, a third party cannot make a data transfer request on behalf of a person. The data transfer request must come from you.
Prior to disbursing any personal information in response to a Subject Access Request, we will confirm the identity of the individual making the request. will not disburse personal information until it can confirm the identity of the requestor through reasonable means (for example, identity confirmation by using government issued identification). will work with the requestor to confirm their identity. Personal information is not disbursed until the identity of the requestor is confirmed by MonoSol.
does not knowingly solicit data from children, and we do not knowingly market to children.
Information privacy and the secure management of data is an evolving area. To meet our ongoing responsibilities, may adjust this Privacy Policy to address new regulations, to reflect improved data management practices, or to adopt new policies related to the privacy of your personal information. If makes any material changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you. If materially changes the way we use your personal information, will notify you via e-mail to obtain your consent for the proposed new use of your personal information.
Countertops and Solid Surface
It is the policy of to conduct our business in a manner that protects the health and safety of our employees, the communities where we operate, and the environment.
will work to provide quality products to our customers but not at the expense of unsafe working conditions to our employees or the communities where we operate.
Establishing relevant environmental, health, safety, and security goals that drive continual improvement in our performance.
Regularly review our progress and to take necessary actions to achieve our Environmental Health and Safety goals.
Meeting all applicable local, state and federal environmental, health, safety and security laws and regulations, as well as other requirements that affect our operations. We further commit ourselves to meeting the obligations and requirements of the RC14001 Technical Specification.
Considering environmental impacts, the health and safety of our employees and other stakeholders and security concerns that could be affected by our operations.
Maintaining an open dialogue with our employees and affected stakeholders.
Making this policy available to our managers, employees, contractors and other stakeholders.
Conducting our operations in a manner that is committed to recycling, conservation of resources, and prevention of pollution.
Marketing products that have been shown to be safe for humans and the environment, through careful consideration of the potential health and environmental effects, exposures and releases that will be associated with their production, transportation, use and disposal.
Reflecting on our performance, and learning from it.
It is the duty of all managers and employees to adhere to this policy and to the procedures developed to carry out this policy in our daily operations.
Countertops and Solid Surface
It is the policy of the Group to conduct business in a manner that protects the health and safety of our employees, the communities where we operate, and the environment.  Ltd. (hereinafter called UK) encourages ethical and transparent business practices and an open and honest dialogue with all relevant business parties.  This document forms part of that ethos and relates to our business relationship with the supply chain and having a LSAS.
Countertops and Solid Surface
This Tax Strategy document sets out our approach to conducting the tax affairs of AF, Ltd.   The Tax Strategy has been approved by the Group Board of Directors, covers all taxes and relates to the year ending 31
Cookie SettingsTranslating our Science: About Water-Soluble Film
We believe that people deserve to know what’s in the products that they welcome into their homes. That’s why we translate the science behind our technologies to help you better understand our products and to give you the information you need to make smart choices for your family.
Water-soluble film is best-known as the material that encapsulates laundry and dishwasher “pods” or “packs” that are increasingly popular with consumers. Each pack contains a pre-measured dose of detergent and make household chores simpler, cleaner and safer because they eliminate the need to pour and measure liquids or powders. They also enable better cleaning and can reduce shipping costs and transporation emissions as they use more concentrated ingredients.
Many of the popular detergent brands available today use a water-soluble film technology produced by MonoSol.
is safe and environmentally friendly. It is used in many household, medical and personal-care applications, including laundry and detergent packets, food packaging, textile yarns, paper products, unit-dose pharmaceuticals, “artificial tears” used to treat dry eyes and even contact lens lubricant.
is colorless, odorless, biodegradable and non-toxic. It is used in household, food, medical and personal-care applications. It dissolves completely upon disposal in water and is consumed by bacterial micro-organisms after use. Its unique safety and environmental profile make it an ideal material for helping make certain every day products safer, simpler and more sustainable.
What are the environmental benefits of compared to other packaging materials?
MonoSol’s water-soluble films dissolve completely upon contact with water and are biodegradable. They do not persist in the environment, contaminate the recycling stream or contribute to micro-plastic pollution. This is why many leading consumer product and retail companies are excited about the potential of films for helping them reduce their environmental footprint.
What happens to the film once it dissolves?
MonoSol’s film naturally biodegrades into the environment.
What is the difference between and PVA?
Sometimes is used as an abbreviation for polyvinyl alcohol, but it’s also sometimes used as shorthand for polyvinyl acetate, a different substance that is oftentimes found in glue. To avoid confusion, prefers the abbreviation PVOH.
What is the difference between water-soluble films and bio plastics?
MonoSol’s water-soluble films are fundamentally different in both composition and end-of-life performance when compared to bio plastics.
Our water-soluble films dissolve completely upon contact with water and naturally break down into water and carbon dioxide when consumed by bacterial micro-organisms. Therefore they do not persist in the environment, contaminate the recycling stream or contribute to micro-plastic pollution.
MonoSol’s water-soluble films are helping companies transform a range of consumer product and business-to-business industries.
makes water-soluble films appropriate for a range of applications, ranging from health and beauty products (like shampoo and shaving cream), pool and spa chemicals (so homeowners don’t have to touch, pour or measure) dissolveable hospital laundry bags (that eliminate the need for workers to contact soiled clothes or linens), to sophisticated transfer printing and embroidery techniques.
Biodegradation of Polyvinyl Alcohol, Axelrod and Phillips (Air Products and Chemicals Inc.), presented at the Plastics Waste Management Workshop, New Orleans, LA, 9-12 December 1991.
Raw Material Supplier and Detergent Manufacturer Cooperate in Environmental Safety Assessment of a New Detergent Raw Material – Case Study,Meier, N.Stelter, D.M.Lee, N.Zeese,J.Tolls, Journal, 139, March 2013
