Hit enter to search or to close
What is biometrics?
Healthcare & Social benefits
Our services & expertise
Safran's Airport solutions
Automated Biometric Identification Systems
Biometric scanners
Passenger data processing
Semi-automated solutions
Track vehicles
Check speed & red light
What is biometrics?
Strong Customer Authentication for PSD2
Register customers & manage identities
Authenticate documents
Strong authentication
Secure transaction confirmation
Multi-channel online contracting
Cloud & managed services
Solutions for Financial Institutions
Insurance & eContracting
Biometrics & Banking
Secure Elements
Biometrics on Mobile
Solutions & Terminals for Gaming
Biometric terminals
Vein & Print terminals
Time & Attendance terminals
Vein & Print devices
Vein & Print modules
OT–becomes IDEMIA, the global leader in trusted identities
Where are we?
What is biometrics?
The Next Revolution?
OT–becomes IDEMIA, the global leader in trusted identities
The four stages of payment development
Tokenization demystified
OT-will present its first semester 2017 financial results to investors on October 6th, 2017
Almost 75% of people believe cash will be used much less in 2022
OT-unveils MorphoTop Slim, its new convenient and innovative solution for enrollment
You want to know more about our company?
The majority of public is ready for mobile driver licenses according to an OT-& Radius Global Market Research study
Pre✓ and programs to be offered at Maryland Department of Transportation Motor Vehicle Administration (MVA)
With Licence2Go, your smartphone becomes your secure digital wallet
The changing face of identity verification
Welcomes Bob Eckel to its Board of Directors
OT-receives certification for its embedded secure element for Io
OT-joins LoRa Alliance
Authentication in all its forms
No item to display
No item to display
years of experience
in multi-biometric solutions
countries are using our systems
About In a nutshell
Prepare tomorrow
Our Success Stories
What is biometrics?
Healthcare & Social benefits
Our services & expertise
Register customers & manage identities
Solutions for Financial Institutions
Solutions & Terminals for Gaming
Biometric terminals
Time & Attendance terminals
Hit enter to search or to closeLeading us into the future
We are the global leader in Augmented Identity for an increasingly digital world
And this is no small feat. We provide customized solutions in  a world that evolves and advances faster than ever before. Today, information travels rapidly around the digitized space, defying boundaries and breaking the traditional codes of security. But our industry expertise, our knack for foresight and our keen ability to adapt has brought us to the forefront of our industry and continues to push us even further every day.
Being a leader means staying on top of  the disruptive innovations that impact our security landscape. We understand that the exponential growth of connected objects incites an urgent need to secure people in their physical and digital worlds, but also objects they interact with. We know that  in our globalized society, the number of peer-to-peer exchanges, travel and border crossings is exploding. We are aware that the digitalization of the economy brings about a wave of new business models.  We are also mindful of the consumerization of technology and how it impacts our identity and private life.
has developed cutting-edge technologies and services leveraging artificial intelligence, biometrics and cryptography. This makes a major technological player in the fields of identity management and authentication or security of payments.
No, give me more info
