You can search products by characteristics, part number, and keywords.
my free membership site "my Murata" provides "Forums", "Exclusive Contents" and a few "Samples" of some products.
Newsletters provide information about our various products and technologies, and occasionally, short articles. We hope you find the Newsletters interesting and enjoyable.
For connecting people, businesses, and the World… Murata’s components, connectivity and power technologies optimize functionality and performance.
is shaping automotive technologies, for the benefit of our vehicles, the occupants, and the earth we navigate.
Providing you the performance, efficiency, and reliability for a multitude of industrial applications.
Healthcare equipment, Smart Home Automation, Lighting, Security and more, proudly delivers solutions for every electronics challenge.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.is a global leader in the design, manufacture and supply of advanced electronic materials, leading edge electronic components, and multi-functional, high-density modules. innovations can be found in a wide range of applications from mobile phones to home appliances, and automotive applications to energy management systems and healthcare devices.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.is a global leader in the design, manufacture and supply of advanced electronic materials, leading edge electronic components, and multi-functional, high-density modules. innovations can be found in a wide range of applications from mobile phones to home appliances, and automotive applications to energy management systems and healthcare devices.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Shaping the future of electronics.
has built an integrated system of production from raw materials to finished
products, and we are continuously developing and accruing our fundamental
technology base, such as materials technology, front-end process technology, product
design technology, back-end process technology and analytical technology. We also
aim at creating new markets and innovations by actively collaborating with outside
partners and by developing core technologies and products that anticipate the future.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Shaping the future of electronics.
has built an integrated system of production from raw materials to finished
products, and we are continuously developing and accruing our fundamental
technology base, such as materials technology, front-end process technology, product
design technology, back-end process technology and analytical technology. We also
aim at creating new markets and innovations by actively collaborating with outside
partners and by developing core technologies and products that anticipate the future.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Social Responsibility
In line with its management philosophy, aims to continue to be a company that is trusted by society, by committing to compliance with laws and regulations, as well as to highly transparent governance, respect for human rights, health and safety, social contribution and environmental preservation, on the basis of high corporate ethics.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Social Responsibility
In line with its management philosophy, aims to continue to be a company that is trusted by society, by committing to compliance with laws and regulations, as well as to highly transparent governance, respect for human rights, health and safety, social contribution and environmental preservation, on the basis of high corporate ethics.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Social Responsibility
In line with its management philosophy, aims to continue to be a company that is trusted by society, by committing to compliance with laws and regulations, as well as to highly transparent governance, respect for human rights, health and safety, social contribution and environmental preservation, on the basis of high corporate ethics.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.contributes to the advancement of society and the electronics industry by creating innovative products and solutions, in close cooperation with our customers and other stakeholders. Headquartered in Kyoto, Japan, we service our customers with a global network of facilities and sales support.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.contributes to the advancement of society and the electronics industry by creating innovative products and solutions, in close cooperation with our customers and other stakeholders. Headquartered in Kyoto, Japan, we service our customers with a global network of facilities and sales support.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Newsroom
In addition to the news releases, you can find here technical articles and videos regarding Murata’s innovations and contribution to the advancement of the electronics industry.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Wonder Stone
refers to ceramics as a “wonder stone” because of its hidden and intriguing electric properties. technology has unleashed many of the possibilities inherent in ceramics.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Newsroom
In addition to the news releases, you can find here technical articles and videos regarding Murata’s innovations and contribution to the advancement of the electronics industry.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Supporting customers’ design, production, and procurement requirements throughout the Americas, we have sales teams, product engineers, and business development engineers in several major hubs, including Atlanta, San Jose, Irvine, San Diego, Austin, Dallas, Chicago, Detroit, Boston, and São Paulo. 
To fully meet your present and future expectations, we utilize a national network of sales representatives and authorized distributors to provide you with local and prompt responses in the areas of sales and technical support, design expertise, logistics, and supply chain programs. 
Delivering value, meeting commitments
Murata’s product offering is comprehensively stocked by a leading network of authorized distributors committed to following the philosophy and vision of earning the trust of customers through open collaboration and delivering reliable support. 
close alignment with our sales channel partners enables Americas to assure you of receiving a stable supply of products and obtaining the service and value you need to grow your business.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Supporting customers’ design, production, and procurement requirements throughout the Americas, we have sales teams, product engineers, and business development engineers in several major hubs, including Atlanta, San Jose, Irvine, San Diego, Austin, Dallas, Chicago, Detroit, Boston, and São Paulo. 
To fully meet your present and future expectations, we utilize a national network of sales representatives and authorized distributors to provide you with local and prompt responses in the areas of sales and technical support, design expertise, logistics, and supply chain programs. 
Delivering value, meeting commitments
Murata’s product offering is comprehensively stocked by a leading network of authorized distributors committed to following the philosophy and vision of earning the trust of customers through open collaboration and delivering reliable support. 
close alignment with our sales channel partners enables Americas to assure you of receiving a stable supply of products and obtaining the service and value you need to grow your business.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.is the Bicycle-riding robot. He can ride a bicycle super-slow, and actually stands upright even when he comes to a complete stop. is a unicycle-riding robot with an excellent sense of balance.
Robot Cheerleaders is a team of ten small robots using the latest sensing and communication technologies, as well as advanced group control technology to achieve perfect stability and flawless synchronized dancing.
We developed the Robots as a simple and accessible introduction to our products and technologies, and to give people a sense of the possibilities of electronics through robots.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.is the Bicycle-riding robot. He can ride a bicycle super-slow, and actually stands upright even when he comes to a complete stop. is a unicycle-riding robot with an excellent sense of balance.
Robot Cheerleaders is a team of ten small robots using the latest sensing and communication technologies, as well as advanced group control technology to achieve perfect stability and flawless synchronized dancing.
We developed the Robots as a simple and accessible introduction to our products and technologies, and to give people a sense of the possibilities of electronics through robots.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICBased on our basic philosophy that “good electronics begin with good components, and good components begin with good materials,” we at will strengthen collaboration with our partners from the viewpoint of ethical-legal compliance, prioritizing quality and delivery due date, environmental conservation, etc.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Based on our basic philosophy that “good electronics begin with good components, and good components begin with good materials,” we at will strengthen collaboration with our partners from the viewpoint of ethical-legal compliance, prioritizing quality and delivery due date, environmental conservation, etc.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Stay up to date with our innovations.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC(by Dempa Publications, Inc., December 2017)
Noise Suppression Parts Aim at BroadR-Reach Car Network
Quadplexer Boosts Function in Two Bands with Minimal Current
This is a file. Adobe Reader  is required to view, print, or download this file.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Stay up to date with our innovations.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Stay up to date with our innovations.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Attending to detail.
Efficient use of scientific analytical methods to confirm physical and electrical properties, composition and structure of materials, together with Murata’s advanced failure analysis systems, provide peace of mind to our customers.
Characterization techniques used to confirm the physical and electrical  properties, composition and structure of materials, through techniques  such as non-destructive, thermal, organic, inorganic, and surface analysis.
Technology used to reveal the cause of defective materials and products utilizing non-destructive, thermal, organic, inorganic, and surface analysis techniques.
Failure point detection in an by micro-probers combined with FE-SEM.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Stay up to date with our innovations.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICMessage from the President
Message from the President
Within the "Philosophy" that we have held up as the company's ideal since our foundation, it states that  "We contribute to the advancement of society by ... creating innovative products and solutions..." 
That expresses our strong desire to contribute to more affluent, higher quality living for everyone through our products.
For example, communication devices like smartphones have become a part of the social infrastructure, and our company's product lineup has played a part in the miniaturization and higher performance capabilities of those phones. Wearable devices and the field of IoT/IoE, which are only expected to continue to grow, also present the potential to further change society in the future.
The fields in which electronics play an active part will expand significantly and is already contributing to a safer and more environmentally-friendly automotive sector. In the energy field as well, we are providing solutions to the problems of limited resources and to environmental issues, and we are supporting human health and improvements in quality of life in the healthcare and medical fields.
In addition to making a social contribution through our business, there is a need for us to deal with the many global issues that must be resolved in order to realize a sustainable society, including those related to the environment, human rights, etc. So, the electronics industry has, for example, been involved from early on towards solving the problem of mineral resources in regions of conflict, with earnestly tackling these issues in cooperation with our supply chain.
Furthermore, as a company that is expanding our business around the globe, we are also placing a focus on providing work environments that are appropriate for a diversity of people, without partiality to gender or nationality, etc. We respect a diversity of backgrounds and values, we globally share the "Philosophy" and the direction that we are aiming at while carrying out mutual exchange of personnel between bases both in and outside Japan, and we are implementing various measures toward offering the best value to society.
In 2015, the Japanese government introduced the Corporate Governance Code, wherein greater transparency is demanded in corporate management. Also based on the spirit of the company's Philosophy, is committed to building trust as we comply with all aspects of ethics in business, and we will continue to fulfill our social responsibility in cooperation with our stakeholders.
In promoting Management, our company has established a Management Committee on the basis of a Charter whose benchmark is that same  "Philosophy" . will continue to aim at  "being an open presence in our community and in society as a whole, and to remain a corporation that is worthy of trust and respect" so "that our customers know they are in good hands when they do business with Murata" . And through the activities of the Management Committee, we will continuously and systematically promote Management toward the sustainable development of society.
Realizing by Putting Our Company Philosophy into Action
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.There is a robot that can ride a bicycle super-slow, and actually stands upright even when he comes to a complete stop. That is the Bicycle-riding robot, “BOY”.
Packed with various components and technologies from Murata, he has lots of stunts to show you.
When you fall off a bicycle, get right back on
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
a unicycle-riding robot with an excellent sense of balance. Packed with various components and technologies from Murata, she has lots of stunts to show you.
Relationship to MURATABOY
Younger cousin on the father's side
Place of birth
Practicing riding her unicycle at the park
Traveling around the world with MURATABOY
Physically active but shy
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICThe story began in 1944, when Akira (1921-2006) started as a personal venture in Nakagyo-ku, Kyoto-shi. small factory of 150 m2 was opened in the center of Kyoto City starting the production of titanium-oxide ceramic capacitors, with heterodyne radios being the primary application for these products.
Decade after decade of Innovation
right: The poster of in the early 1950's. The logo on this poster seems to have been the prototype of our current logo.
left:In 1944, was founded in Nakagyo-ku, Kyoto City. Original headquarters building.
In the chaotic period immediately following WWII, radio was about the only form of entertainment and information source available.
Super heterodyne radio with far superior performance compared with the conventional super-regeneration system rapidly became popular.
Murata’s tubular ceramic capacitor was used for temperature compensation in those radios. Its dielectric material was titanium oxide. The electrode material was brushed on the surface. Its capacitance was 500 pF.
Temperature compensating capacitor
In 1952, the head office and plant were moved to Yamashina, Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto City.
In 1955, Murata’s research division became Omiya Technology Research Laboratory Company. (Later, it was moved to Nagaokakyo City as Technology Research Laboratory Co.)
food shortage after the prompted increased exploitation of marine resources. Thus, Japan became a fishery capital of the world. Fish finders played a large role in this trend.
The piezoelectric resonator for the fish finder had the Langevin structure, where a piezoelectric disc type resonator made with barium titanate was sandwiched between two thick steel plates. It provided good response underwater up to a depth of 90 m.
The first transistor radios hit the market in 1955. The basic trend of seeking downsizing and portability for household electronic equipment was set by this event.
commercialized radio ceramic filters, using lead zirconium titanate, an excellent piezoelectric material. It took 10 more years for this product to penetrate the market, however.
Piezoelectric transducer for fish finders
In 1962, Their Majesties the Emperor and Empress Showa visited Fukui Co., Ltd.
Color TVs appeared in the market right before the largest post-war event, the Tokyo Olympics.
thermistor was used in the degaussing circuits of color TVs. When the switch is turned on, a strong surge of electric current activates degaussing, directly followed by self-generation of heat, limiting the current flow.
Ceramic filters were also improved by having higher frequency and integration, and became a hit.
It used to be a status symbol to make a phone call from a car. However, the initial car phone systems were incredibly large.
When it was first developed, the main component of the system, the cavity resonance filter, filled up the trunk of a car. Introduction of GIGAFIL® enabled considerable size reduction contributing to the future development of today`s mobile phones.
GIGAFIL®, an antenna duplexer for Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation’s (currently NTT) first generation mobile phone
In 1983, Izumo Co., Ltd. was established.
The Yasu Plant in Yasu-cho, Yasu-gun, Shiga in 1987 and the Yokohama R&Center in 1988 were established to fortify Murata’s R&capability.
In 1988, Electronics (Thailand), Ltd. was established in Thailand.
Since the advent of PCs, the boundary between office equipment and personal equipment became blurred. The world of communications continues to expand today.
As PCs gain popularity, Murata’s CERALOCK®, ceramic resonator to determine a PC’s processing speed, and noise suppression component, ferrite beads, became big hits.
Headphone stereos became a fad. The downsizing of electronic components allowed full-scale stereo sound to fit in a pocket-sized player.
Chip multilayer ceramic capacitors became the mainstream, as surface mounted devices (SMD) on the substrate of equipment with downsizing demand, such as mobile audio equipment and video cameras.
Digitalization of audio equipment became complete through technology.
Murata’s active filter for audio equipment removes folding noise inherent in audio. It became indispensable for digital-age music.
The home video camera was another item that followed the downsizing trend.
Image stabilization function with piezoelectric vibrating gyroscope became essential in filming equipment.
Three-terminal capacitor
Established production and sales company, Wuxi Electronics Co., Ltd. at Wuxi, Jiangsu, China in 1994
Downsizing and multiple functionalities were in especially strong demand for mobile phones.
To offer smaller size and more functions for mobile phones, it was essential to have compact handling of radio frequencies. This is where Murata’s GIGAFIL® plays a significant part.
GIGAFIL®, an antenna duplexer for digital mobile phone
was demonstrated at “2005” and received high acclaim in and out of Japan.
communication is quickly becoming more rapid and wireless. The card is a module to compactly congregate communication functions.
Bluetooth® technology is projected to become the key to a ubiquitous network society. pioneered the development of dedicated Bluetooth® modules.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
		contributes to the advancement of society by innovating, designing and supplying components and solutions for a variety of markets and applications, and the markets for Murata’s electronic components continue to grow. 
Smartphones currently account for 75% of the mobile phones sold worldwide, 
and it is predicted that the need for multiband LTE-compatible units will 
spread even further.
Advancements in electrification is forecast for the field of automotive electronics 
along with improved safety features like Electronic Stability Control （ESC） and 
the growth of built-in vehicle communication functions like infotainment. The 
overall demand for electronic components is also trending toward smaller sizes, 
thinner higher performance, and higher reliability... At Murata, in addition to 
component products, sales of the multilayer ceramic capacitors and piezoelectric 
components that are our core products, as well as of communication modules in 
which numerous parts are embedded using multi-component, multi-layer 
Sales increased further for our micro capacitors and tiny, high-capacity capacitors used in smartphones and other communication devices. In the automotive field, the demand for high-reliability capacitors has been growing with the increasing use of vehicle electronics. Both areas are particular strengths for Murata.
Piezoelectric components
Sales of filters increased as smartphones began to support multiple frequency bands. The demand for ultrasonic sensors in driver assistance systems is increasing as well.
Communication modules
The number of components per handset is increasing as smartphone data rates increase and handsets incorporate multiband capabilities and become more multifunctional. There is an ongoing move toward modularization, in which multiple components are integrated for such purposes as reducing the area occupied by the section or to more eciently utilize the communication circuit space, and demand for and connectivity modules is expected to continue rising in the future.
Power supplies and other modules
Sales expanded further for power supply use in the energy sector, data centers, and servers.
Other components
Sales of high frequency coils and metal coils for smartphones increased. In the automotive electronics market, sales also grew in suppression filters and sensors used for electronic stability control (ESC) , both trends that are expected to continue.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Special Feature: We’re Not Alone
Listening to the Customer
Products & Markets
Special Feature: The Potential of Timing Devices
Listening to the Customer
Products & Markets
Listening to the Customer
Products & Markets
Listening to the Customer
Products & Markets
Listening to the Customer
Products & Markets
Listening to the Customer
Products & Markets
Taking Root Yasu Division
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICMurata’s philosophy was created by the founder Akira in 1954. Since that time the world around us has dramatically changed and continues to evolve, but our fundamental mission and values will always remain the same.
being trustworthy
This slogan reflects the commitment by every employee in all of their daily activities. This fundamental concept, to develop innovative products, ideas and solutions has enabled to support new and emerging markets, continually drive product development and expand into new business domains.
Our aim is to become the company that leads the way in innovation in the electronics industry.
Each employee is encouraged to exert "Innovativeness" in their approach to all tasks, to come up with new and more efficient operational and administrative processes, to help our company achieve its optimum performance.
To be an "Innovator" within in the fullest sense of the word also means diligently considering how we may be able to improve our society and the environment, and for taking action when these opportunities arise.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.1. Purchasing attitudes
Murata's buyers and procurement personnel will be respectful  to suppliers, and conduct their dealings with suppliers in a fair, just, and sincere manner.
Murata's buyers will responsibly carry out purchasing activities, practicing good manners and following the dictates of common sense.
Murata's buyers will maintain cordial relationships with suppliers, but have no personal, vested  interest with them.
Murata's buyers behavior and actions will always be compliance with relevant laws, rules, and internal regulations.
We will evaluate and select suppliers fairly based on such rational standards as quality, price, delivery performance, steady supply, environmental conservation, financial stability, and consideration for human rights and labor safety.
We will not accept gifts of money or items of value from suppliers, and will make not personal requests of them.
We will not receive preferential treatment or entertainment from suppliers that defies social common sense.
We will not force suppliers to purchase products.
If suppliers provide us with information that is specified confidential , we will strictly manage the information and maintain its confidentiality.
We will promote green procurement, always taking environmental protection into account.
We will not acquire unlisted shares of suppliers stocks, nor will we purchase suppliers’ stocks based on information undisclosed to the public.
In the event accidents or claims arise, we will deal with them promptly and enforce measures to prevent their recurrence.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Message from the President
Message from the President
Contribute to development of a future to be achieved by electronics, continuing to be a company needed by customers and society in any era
Changes in the society surrounding us
Digitization of every type of “object” and Murata’s expanding business opportunities
The appearance of electronics symbolizing the times – radios, color televisions, cameras, computers, mobile phones, and smartphones – has improved people’s quality of life. The history of has been with rooted in such progress in society. By supporting achievement of product functions to be required in each age, has contributed to society and continued to be needed by society. Now, in this age, every type of “object” in our surroundings is being digitized and is required to create new value by making use of its innovation.
Regarding smartphones which have driven the recent electronic parts market and rapid growth of Murata, volume growth has been moderate, but the number of functions increases, the number of electronic parts used per unit has drastically increased. Also, thanks to
increasing speed and functions of communication due to movements such as the introduction of 5G, this is an area where growth is expected as a pillar of our business in the future.
The automobile industry is also seeing changes which must not overlook. In Europe, China, India and other countries, entire nations are moving to shift theindustry from gasoline and diesel vehicles to electric vehicles (EVs). Due to an accelerated shift to EVs, some estimates suggest that in 2040, EVs will account for more than 50% of global new car sales. Furthermore, in parallel with the shift to EVs, development of autonomous vehicles is accelerating. Automation to maintain lanes and distance between cars on expressways as well as to follow the vehicle ahead during congestion has started to come into wide use as a part of advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS). Consequently, the number of sensors to be used for safe travel is increasing. In addition, high-speed wireless communication (V2X) associated with an increase of data traffic between cars and the outside world will be a requirement, alongside computer processing systems for large amounts of data inside a car in real-time. In terms of demand for parts over the medium term, it is said that with shifts to EVs and autonomous cars, the number of electronic parts used per vehicle will significantly increase compared to vehicles with internal-combustion engines.
In addition to further digitization of smartphones and cars, development of an Iosociety is a trend to be noted. Against a background of an expanding Iosociety where every type of object is connected via networks, an increasing number of devices will be connected to
networks. Moreover, considering the expanding demand for base stations and servers which process and store data collected from those devices and high-speed computers which are used for new value creation using AI, demand for electronic parts used for these items will also grow by an order of magnitude faster than before, creating new demand for a significant amount of electronic parts.
Murata’s strengths ensure we can seize business opportunities (chances)
Networks, technology development capacity, monozukuri capabilities, and organizational cooperation to integrate these elements
believe that has three strong points which enable us to steadily seize these expanding business opportunities and sustain growth.
The first is “‘a global network and deep customer base through which we can speedily understand customer needs.” Since its foundation, Murata’s mainstay business has been capacitors and other general-purpose electronic parts. large number of these general-purpose electronic parts are used for various kinds of electronic devices and contacts customers in various fields all around the world. Therefore, we can quickly see the latest market information and needs. has satisfied various customer needs worldwide and established a structure under which products and services are supplied stably. Currently, sales in overseas markets account for more than 90% of total sales and a large variety of products have captured the largest or second largest share in the global market. Furthermore, Murata’s global network mostly consists of networks at our group organizations, enabling strong cooperation. Thus, we are able to communicate with many customers in various industries and quickly understand their demands and emerging needs.
The second is “‘technology development capacity’ which realizes customer needs.” As trends in electronics markets change, to satisfy customer needs which are increasingly diversified with the times, has expanded the boundaries of value that we can offer,from smaller, higher performance single-function components to more highly functional device components, and further to modules incorporating those components and solutions. To create unique and highly competitive products, we are conducting technology development ahead of competitors and internally developing materials, processes, products and production technology for many products. These are vertically integrated for realizing rapid product commercialization.
The third is “‘monozukuri (manufacturing) capabilities’ ensuring mass production and timely delivery to customers.” At Murata, each plant has independently and uniquely improved its processes over many years to enhance productivity and cost competitiveness. Through these accumulated technologies and expertise, reliable production can be realized on a large scale. Particularly, the production volume of multilayer ceramic capacitors, one of the core products of Murata, exceeds one trillion per year despite its highly complex production process, placing them on the largest scale in the industry.
And then, the three strong points described above of networks, technology development capacity, and monozukuri capabilities are integrated through Murata’s organizational cooperation. At Murata, each function of the value chain closely works together and by integrating individual strong points into that of the entire organization, is making efforts to provide better value to customers.
Driving forces supporting strength
Penetration of the “Philosophy” and innovation driven by CS/ES
As stated above, has continued to demonstrate its unique strengths since its foundation, because the ideals and values shared by all employees work as driving
Sharing of the “Philosophy” as prescribed by our founder is placed in the most important position. regards the “Philosophy” as a philosophy which serves as a major guideline for its business activities. As the scale of business expands and employees are diversified, to demonstrate collective strength through cooperation among employees with a sense of unity, it is important that all employees understand the “Philosophy” well as a common ideal. For example, innovation described in Philosophy indicates that development of a pioneering spirit is important for any job in addition to avoidance of price competition through unique products with higher added value. Also, regarding contribution to the advancement of society, it links to continued awareness of the social significance of our company’s existence.
The recent focus on “CS” and “ES” that set out as important values is also a concept derived from a passage of Philosophy – thankful for the increase in prosperity – in addition to the above.
We define “CS” as continuing “to create and provide value that customers appreciate” and “ES” as ensuring “each and every employee feels rewarded and continues to grow through his or her work.”
creates a virtuous cycle in its business activities by placing importance on the values of and to create new innovation. This virtuous cycle is a driving force for reinforcing Murata’s strengths even further.
What we should be
Contribute to development of a new future as an “Innovator in Electronics”
In addition to contribution to society through products and services, has established a Charter with the Philosophy as a benchmark and a Management Committee to fulfill various types of social responsibility. For ongoing contribution to realization of a sustainable society, needs to be a sustainable company. To this end, we need to face various social problems such as climate change and other environmental problems, as well as issues in human rights that should not be violated.
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that are global issues to be achieved by 2030 are also great social issues that should face. We believe that Murata’s mission is to contribute to solving these issues and create new value for society through business activities.
We at aim to contribute to realization of true quality of life for people. For this purpose, we express what we should be through the words of “Innovator in Electronics,” and enthusiastically commit ourselves to lead innovation in the electronics industry and take autonomous action for the environment and society.
Currently, Murata’s network has expanded globally. Creation of innovation through connection of each and every employee in the world is important for to provide the value which customers worldwide appreciate and continue to make our future richer and better. We will write the story of Murata, which continues to contribute to a new future, placing importance on ideas embodied in Philosophy.
Chairman of the Board and President
Tsuneo Our Philosophy
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Perfected techniques.
Front-end process technologies enable us to produce designed functions in the best possible way, and it plays an important role in the miniaturization, slimming down, and high functionality of electronic components.
Casting, high precision stacking and aligning, and laminating technology for up to sub-micron thickness dielectric sheets of uniform and small crystalline particles.
layer thickness reduction
High precision printing technology utilizing screen and other printing techniques to form thin, dense structures such as internal electrodes and wiring on ceramic sheets.
Thin internal electrodes
 Before and after sintering
Physical and chemical methods, including lithography and etching  technologies, to form thin layers or films up to sub-micron levels.
            Controlling of electrochemical parameters to treat and enhance mechanical  and electrical surface properties of electrical components utilizing electroless deposition and electroplating technologies.
High precision molding and shaping technology using injection molding, pressing  and other mechanical techniques to create complex structures with high  dimensional accuracy.
Injection molding with ceramic coumpounds
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC“New electronic devices begin with new electronic components; new electronic components begin with new materials...” Based on that concept, has created functional ceramic materials with outstanding characteristics. And we continuously further advance our technology through the development of new materials, with even better characteristics.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
10-1, Higashikotari 1-chome, Nagaokakyo-shi, Kyoto 617-8555, Japan
18-1, Hakusan 1-chome, Midori-ku, Yokohama-shi, Kanagawa 226-0006 Japan
2288, Oshinohara, Yasu-shi, Shiga 520-2393 Japan
4-1, Higashiokino 4-chome, Higashiomi-shi, Shiga 527-8558 Japan
26-10, Tenjin 2-chome, Nagaokakyo-shi, Kyoto 617 -8566 Japan
Sony Atsugi Tec. 4-14-1 Asahi-cho, Atsugi-shi, Kanagawa, 243-0014 Japan
1,13-go, Okamotocho, Echizen-shi, Fukui 915-8601 Japan
2308, Kaminaoe, Hikawa-cho, Izumo-shi, Shimane 699-0696 Japan
93, Hikarimachi, Komatsu-shi, Ishikawa 923-8626 Japan
Chi-18, Sodanimachi, Hakusan-shi, Ishikawa 920-2101 Japan
Ha-86-1, Akaimachi, Nomi-shi, Ishikawa 929-0101 Japan
77, Fukumoto, Oku-cho, Setouchi-shi, Okayama 701-4241, Japan
52, Yanagibashi, Yanagibashimachi, Hakui-shi, Ishikawa 925-8555 Japan
1020, Takibe, Toyoshina, Azumino-shi, Nagano 399-8204 Japan
190 Kashiwagi Komoro-shi Nagano 384-8511, Japan
1, U-bu, Ishizakimachi, Nanao-shi, Ishikawa 926-0173 Japan
11-1, Nakae 4-chome, Sanuma, Hasama-cho, Tome-shi, Miyagi 987-0511 Japan
Chi-53, Ohmachi, Anamizu-Machi, Housu-gun, Ishikawa 927-0026 Japan
10-1, Higashikotari 1-chome, Nagaokakyo-shi, Kyoto 617-8555, Japan
26-10, Tenjin 2-chome, Nagaokakyo-shi, Kyoto 617 -8566 Japan
18, Gomigaya, Tsurugashima-shi, Saitama, 350-2281, Japan
18 Satsuki-cho, Kanuma-shi, Tochigi, 322-8501
No.2, Lane318 Yonghe Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai, 200072, China
Room1502, The Exchange Tower 2, 189 Nanjing Road, Heping District, Tianjin, 300051, China
13F, 147 Zhongshan Lu, Dalian, 116011, China
Room2604, Tianma Center, No.161 Changjiang Road, Yantai Economic and Technological Development Zone, Shandong, 264006, China
No.2, Lane318 Yonghe Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai,200072,China
Room 1408,ChongqingFortune Financial Center,No.1,Caifu Avenue,Yubei District,Chongqing,401121, China
Unit 2108 & 2109 Wanda Plaza 7# No.130 Maanshan Road Baohe District, Hefei, Anhui, China
Room 506, Wulin Times, 15 Shangtang Road, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, 310014, China
Unit 3106 & 3107, Wanda Center, No.96 Linjiang Road, Jiyu Qiao Wuchang District , Wuhan Hubei, China
58th floor, Tower A, Kingkey100, 5016 Shennan East Road, LuohuDistrict, Shenzhen, Guangdong, 518001, China
Room 2309, 23F, The Bank Centre, No.189 Xiahe Road, Siming District, Xiamen, Fujian, 361003, China
No.451, Sec. 3, Zhongqing Road., Xitun District, Taichung City, 40761, Taiwan
No.2, Lane318 Yonghe Road, Jing'an District, Shanghai,200072,China
No.6, Xingchuang 1st Road, Wuxi Export Processing Zone Zone, Wuxi, Jiangsu 214028, China
15 Cuijing Road, Longtian Street, Shenzhen Grand Industrial Zone, PingShan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong, 518118 China
No1-2, North Shunyuan Rd, Wusha Community, Daliang Street, Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province, 528300 China
Wan Ji Industrial Park, Shajiao Village, Shipai Town, Dongguan City, Guangdong, 523300, China
16-17, Lane 912, Bibo Road Zhangjiang High-Technology Park Shanghai People's Republic of China
Ground floor, Nitesh Timesquare, No.8, Road, Bangalore - 560 001, India
Unit No. 107, 1st Floor, Vatika City Point, Road, Gurgaon-122 002, India
Suite 13.01, Level 13, Menara IGB, No.1 The Boulevard, Mid Valley City, Lingkaran Syed Putra, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Unit 6.03, Menara Boustead, 39 Jalan Sultan Ahmad Shah, 10050 Penang, Malaysia
Room 501, 5th Floor, Building, 125-127 Ba Trieu Street, Nguyen Du Ward, Hai Ba Trung District, Hanoi, Vietnam.
+84 24 3637 4666
Thaniya Plaza Building, 10th Floor, 52 Silom Road, Suriyawongse, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500, Kingdom of Thailand
Plot 15, Bemban Industrial Park Jalan Bemban, 31000 Batu Gajah, Perak, Malaysia
Northern Region Industrial Estate 63 Moo 4, Tambol Ban Klang Amphur Muang, Lamphun 51000, Kingdom of Thailand
+66 53 581166
Lot 2-in Phase 1B, First Philippine Industrial Park, Barangay Pantay Bata, Tanauan City, Batangas, Philippines. 
2200 Lake Park Drive, Smyrna, 30080-7604, USA.
One Fleet, Ancells Business Park, Ancells Road, Fleet, Hampshire, GU51 2UN,United Kingdom
18-22 Avenue Edouard Herriot, 92356 Le Plessis Robinson Cedex, France
Holbeinstrasse 23, 90441 Nuremberg, Germany
Max-Lang-Str. 56, 70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Germany
Irodaház Kft. H-1117 Budapest, Budafoki út 111, Hungary
Myllynkivenkuja 6, FI-01621 Vantaa, Finland
Stay up to date with our innovations.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Chairman of the Board and President
Tsuneo Head Office
Sales Amount
Number of Employees
Consolidated basis: 75,326 (as of March 31, 2018)
Shares Out Standing/225,271,000 (Shares)
In Japan: Tokyo
Research, Production and Sales of Electronic Devices made from fine ceramics
Multilayer Ceramic Capacitors
Lithium Ion Batteries
Chairman of the Board and President
Vice Chairman of the Board
Yoshitaka Fujita
Norio Nakajima*
Hiroshi Iwatsubo
Yoshito Takemura
Hiroaki Yoshihara (Outside Director)
Takashi Shigematsu (Outside Director)
Hyo Kambayashi (Outside Director)
Yuko Yasuda (Outside Director)
Senior Executive Vice President
Norio Nakajima
Module Business Unit
Executive Vice President
Satoshi Sonoda
Head of Global Sales & Marketing Unit
Hiroshi Iwatsubo
Corporate Technology & Business Development Unit
Yoshito Takemura
Corporate Planning & Administration Unit
Masahiro Ishitani
Capacitor Division, Components Business Unit
Senior Vice President
Kenichi Mizuno
Filter Division, Components Business Unit
Sales & Marketing Unit
Corporate Planning & Administration Unit
            In Charge of Administration Group, Human Resources Group, and Intellectual Property Dept.
Vice President
Takehiro Konoike
New Technology Center, Corporate Technology & Business Development Unit
Yutaka Tada
Director, Yasu Division
Toshikazu Sasaki
Managing Director, Electronics Singapore (Pte.) Ltd.
Etsuo Hayakawa
Filter Division, Components Business Unit
Nagato Omori
Capacitor Division, Components Business Unit
In Charge of Business Planning, Planning,
Device Division, Module Business Unit
Shinji Nomura
Chairman, Wuxi Electronics Co., Ltd.
            Chairman and Managing Director, Energy Device (Wuxi) Co., Ltd.
Production Group and Engineering Group
Materials Technology Center, Corporate Technology & Business Development Unit
Hiroichi Kawahira
Device Center, Corporate Technology & Business Development Unit
Toshihiko Okamoto
Business Engineering & Information System Group,
            In Charge of System Design & Logistics System Dept., Production Engineering Unit
Yoshihiro Yamada
Capacitor Division, Components Business Unit
In Charge of Strategic Marketing, Planning and Engineering
New Business Development Group, Components Business Unit
Toshinobu Yamazaki
Timing Device Division, Components Business Unit
Accounting, Finance & Corporate Planning Group,
Tsuneo Executive Deputy President
Yoshitaka Fujita
Tsuneo Executive Deputy President
Yoshitaka Fujita
Tsuneo Executive Deputy President
Yoshitaka Fujita
Director, Engineering Group, Communication & Sensor Business Unit
Yoshito Takemura
Yoshito Takemura
Head of Global Sales & Marketing Unit
Director, Yasu Plant
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICSolutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
The Cheerleaders get around balanced on a ball. Their key features are stabilization, which keeps them upright, and synchronization, which keeps them from colliding.
Launch date
The number of members
（As of Aug 2015）
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-ICOur Expectations of Suppliers
Our Expectations of Suppliers
In operating a global business, is expected not only to fulfill its own social responsibility but also to see to it that its suppliers throughout the supply chain do likewise. Accordingly, we ask our suppliers to observe the following commitments.
1.Comply with laws and social norms
We request our suppliers to:
Comply with laws and social norms applicable in the countries or regions in which they do business, such as compliance with anti-trust laws, commercial laws, laws pertaining to subcontracting, foreign exchange laws, personal information protection laws, copyright laws, laws pertaining to labor, legislation pertaining to safety and hygiene, and environmental laws, etc.;
Provide a safe and clean work environment; and
Prohibit bribery and unfair acts or practices.
We request that our suppliers follow sound and fair business practices to enable continual business transactions and build collaborative trusting relationships. We also ask our suppliers to disclose to appropriate information on their management policies and business conditions, including financial situations.
3.Quality, delivery performance, and stable supply
stresses quality and delivery performance in order to provide customers with better quality products in a timely manner. Accordingly, we expect our suppliers to meet quality and delivery commitments and to provide a stable supply of materials.
emphasizes green procurement in order to provide customers with products that have less of an environmental impact. We therefore seek to deal with suppliers who have established management systems and can provide materials with a smaller environmental footprint.
Technical innovation is very fast paced and product life cycles are extremely short in the electronic device industry, which is also challenged by severe price competition. These pressures continuously require us to develop new products and offer them at reasonable prices. As such, we strive to deal with suppliers who can provide new materials and cost improvements through Value Engineering.
With technical innovation in the electronic device industry constantly in high gear, dealing with these innovations is a constant challenge. Moreover, regulations related to protection of the global environment and environmental requests from customers are increasing year by year. Because of this, we must constantly obtain information on new technologies and new products (materials). We therefore seek to deal with suppliers who can provide such information.
7.Initiatives to reduce procurement lead-time
As indicated above, technical innovation is very fast paced and product life cycles are extremely short in the electronic device industry. This is just as true at Murata, where reducing the lead-time for material procurement is one of our most important issues, in order to ensure customer satisfaction by responding promptly and flexibly to client requests. This is why we expect our suppliers to shorten material procurement lead-times to rapidly and flexibly deal with market changes.
8.Observance of confidentiality
We try as much as possible to provide our suppliers with information that is needed to complete transactions. Some of the information provided includes Murata’s trade secrets. Accordingly, we seek to deal with suppliers who can and will keep the information provided confidential.
9.Utilization of information technology
We believe that exchanging information with our suppliers through information technology and networks is vital for accelerating our business operations and strengthening our relationships with suppliers. Therefore, we seek to deal with suppliers who can prepare and utilize an information technology environment.
10.Rejection of organized crime
We do not conduct business with companies that have ties to organized crime groups, commonly known as “anti-social forces” in Japan.
We therefore demand that our suppliers do not do business with companies associated with organized crime.
11.Promoting “Responsible Minerals Procurement”
is working to address the procurement of minerals contained in products in line with a policy it has established on the matter. 
We expect our suppliers to understand our policy, to complete a supply chain survey, to exercise due diligence, to institute their own policy for addressing the issue, to establish and implement an internal management system, and to source minerals only from conformant smelters as part of a commitment to ensuring that delivered products are conflict-free.
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.Solutions
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC
Making innovation happen.
Thanks to our own production facilities and strong (monozukuri) expertise, we possess numerous technologies and know-how to mass-produce products stably and efficiently.
Technologies of back-end process to achieve downsizing and high reliability  of devices, for example fine pitch bonding, high heat-resistant joining and  specific sealing methods.
High-density packaging technology
High speed and accurate techniques to measure  the electrical properties of products.
Precision mechanical design of facilities for transporting  ultra-small and irregular-shaped products, at high speed with low damage  and high-precision control.
Technology used to increase productivity by analyzing and scientifically managing methods of manufacturing.
Ultra Low power Short Range RF-IC11/9/2018
Wuxi Electronics Co., Ltd. (Wuxi New District, Wuxi City, Jiangsu Province), a subsidiary of Co., Ltd., will commence construction of a new production building in November 2018.
The construction of the new facility will increase production capacity for multilayer ceramic capacitors in order to respond to increased demand. new office and energy building will also be constructed at the same time.
Overview of production building / management building / energy building
Wuxi Export Processing Zone Zone (Land acquired in April 2018)
Overview of Wuxi Electronics Co., Ltd.
No. 6, Xingchuang 1st Road, Wuxi Export Processing Zone Zone,
Co., Ltd. is a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and sale of ceramic-based passive electronic components & solutions, communication modules and power supply modules. is committed to the development of advanced electronic materials and leading edge, multi-functional, high-density modules. The company has employees and facilities throughout the world. For more information, visit Murata's website at  www.murata.Inquiries
& California Proposition 65 Approach for chemical regulation for Products.