Lighting . . . We Make It Happen
25-Year Warranty the Ideal Solution for Lake Elsinore School District
Coastal Cargo Eliminates Spill Light and Improves Worker Visibility with Technology
Cincinnati Reds “Light Up” the Fan Experience at Great American Ball Park
Soccer Foundation Kicks-Off New United Mini-Pitch at Petworth Recreation Center
Our system approach to sports and transportation/infrastructure lighting delivers the performance and long-term reliability that continues to set us apart after 40 years.
We create controlled light, not floodlights. Our sports lighting direct light with pinpoint precision, because it’s about lighting your field, not the neighborhood around it.
With remote on/off controls and 24/7 system monitoring offered through Control-Link®, as well as a 25-year parts and labor warranty, you’ll have peace of mind knowing your field is 
Superior Playability with BallTracker™
When you walk onto a field that features Musco’s Total Light Control—for LED™ technology, it just looks better. Better for players, and better for spectators.
Since 1976, Lighting has specialized in the design and manufacture of sports and transportation/infrastructure lighting solutions around the world. We’ve pioneered systems using metal halide and technologies that have made dramatic improvements in energy efficiency and provided affordable ways to control spill light and glare. Our new and retrofit, permanent and temporary lighting solutions can be found from Little League® fields to Olympic Games. Our global team partners with customers to plan, complete, and maintain a cost-effective, trouble-free lighting solution for their facility.
, the only service of its kind, providing 24/7 monitoring and allowing you to schedule, control, and manage your lights with the touch of a smart phone.
Lighting . . . We Make It Happen
Since 1976, has focused on the design and manufacture of sports and transportation/infrastructure lighting systems, from hometown Little League
 fields to professional sports stadiums and ports around the globe.
Offering permanent and temporary lighting systems for new and retrofit projects, we bring first-hand knowledge and experience with the many issues that impact players, spectators, neighbors, television broadcasts, and staff.
Our Solutions Meet the Unique Requirements of Sports and Large Area Lighting
It begins by asking the right questions.
Is right for your project?
How can installation, operation, and maintenance costs be minimized?
How can a lighted facility be a good neighbor?
Our System Approach – Lighting Projects Made Simple
Built on a foundation of responsibility to everything being impacted.
Practical, affordable, and trouble-free
Good for your budget and the environment
Through more than 40 years of research and innovation.
Solving problems and making projects happen for customers
Using practical experience and putting our systems on the line for you, your project, and your community
Thousands of schools, cities, facility owners, and transportation operators have counted on as part of their team, and as a result have gotten the most value for their lighting budget.
Let us know how we can help
is a long time supporter of a variety of organizations that provide recreational opportunities, and we proudly offer our assistance to help ensure a safer and more enjoyable playing experience.   
Our innovation and quality lighting over the past four decades has earned awards at the highest levels of our industry.   
Lighting . . . We Make It Happen
The successful installation of your sports lighting system is by no means the end of the project. To us, it marks the beginning of a long-term commitment to ensure your peace of mind with the most trouble-free solution possible. 
Our 25-year warranty covering parts and labor means you won’t have to worry about maintenance costs coming out of your budget, nor will you have to worry about whether something is covered or who’s going to fix the problem. Any time a problem arises, we’ll be there.
And, with the 24/7 monitoring of Control-Link®, if a problem does arise we’ll probably know it before you do.
