Materials, Inc., founded in 2004, is a technology company focused on developing and commercializing nanocomposite including polymers, metals, and fibers.
NEETcoat® is a durable spray-on thermal coating that can be applied to almost any surface for reliable, uniform heating.
NanoWire is a conductive carbon nanotube fiber that provides a lightweight alternative to metal wire.
MaterialsMaterials, Inc. of Houston, Texas, founded in 2004, is an early stage technology company focused on commercializing a large amount of technology to produce nano-enhanced using carbon nanotubes and other nanoparticles. has collaborated with major nanotechnology research universities including Rice University, and Texas A&through federally funded research programs.  Technology license agreements with the University of Houston, and Texas Southern University add to NanoRidge's portfolio of intellectual properties focused on practical applications of nanotechnology material science.  also incorporates a large body of analytical expertise and trade secret know-how regarding efficient manufacturing processes needed to produce economical nanoon a commercial scale.
The strategy of the Company is to commercialize nanoincluding elastomers, metals, thermoplastic and thermoset polymers, structural composites, fibers, and ceramics. This is being pursued by manufacturing these in our own growing facility and with select partners who have the capital equipment that corresponds to our manufacturing requirements. Selective licensing of the technology and joint ventures are evaluated as commercialization opportunities arise.
At NanoRidge, we do not manufacture either carbon nanotubes or host matrices.  Instead, we purchase both carbon nanotubes and base from numerous vendors.  Our expertise and intellectual property is focused on the processing of the nanotubes and their subsequent incorporation into in order to maximize the benefits from these remarkable nanoparticles.  We also have extensive analytic expertise to monitor critical characteristics of the nanotubes and their interaction with the matrix.
One of the strengths of is the diverse technical background of our scientific staff and the industrial expertise of our management team and Board of Directors.  Our scientific staff covers chemistry, material science and chemical engineering, and  technician support. Our management team has experience both in large company environments and in entrepreneurial ventures.  Our Board of Directors is comprised of individuals from some of the most successful companies in the world.
Mr. Lundberg co-founded in April 2004, and serves as President and Chief Executive Officer. He has been instrumental in founding or initiating other composite businesses for over 20 years. He holds a Chemical Engineering degree from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln and has completed the Executive Management Short Course at Harvard Business School.
Mr. Katsumoto serves as an Advisor to NanoRidge.  He is the retired Chairman of Toray Composites America and Executive Vice President for Toray Industries (New York, NY). He has a from the University of Hawaii, and did graduate work in chemistry at Seattle University.
Dr. Quinlivan serves as a business advisor to NanoRidge.  He is the retired vice president and general manager of the Boeing 747, 767 and 777 programs, and was the senior executive responsible for the Boeing facility located in Everett, He holds a degree in Chemistry from Gonzaga University, and obtained his and Ph.degrees in Chemistry from Princeton University.
Dr. Barrera is Professor and Chair of the Department of Mechanical Engineering and Science at Rice University, and serves as a board member at NanoRidge. He obtained his bachelors, masters and doctorate from the University of Texas in Austin. Dr. Barrera is widely published and was recognized by R&Magazine’s 100 Award for his work in nanotube research.
