Our vaccines elicit both systemic and mucosal immune responses.
These two “layers” of immunity increase protection
Learn about our proprietary nanoemulsion technology.
It represents the only mucosal adjuvant
shown to be safe and effective in human clinical studies.
Most infectious pathogens enter the body across mucosal surfaces. Yet few vaccines today provide mucosal immunity. BlueWillow’s vaccines are different.
Our unique and patented adjuvant technology enables intranasal vaccines that elicit antibodies in the blood as well as across mucosal surfaces. These mucosal antibodies serve as “Bouncers at the Door” to keep infections out.  Our studies point to increased protection against some of the world’s most severe respiratory and sexually transmitted diseases.
MichBio interviews  BlueWillow Biologics Dave Peralta on the use of intranasal vaccine in fighting respiratory and sexually transmitted infections. The podcast is also available on SoundCloud .
BlueWillow’s intranasal vaccine technology has demonstrated safety and immunogenicity in Phase 1 clinical studies for seasonal influenza. Several other programs have advanced through successful challenge studies in primary animal models. Choose a pathogen and click for details on our research results and partnering information.
BlueWillow Biologics is seeking talented individuals to join our hardworking, truly creative, and innovative team.  We have exceptional career opportunities for highly motivated individuals who are interested in contributing to the development of the next generation of vaccines.
We offer a competitive compensation package and a comprehensive benefits package, including medical and dental, life and disability insurance, 401(K) Plan, Flexible Spending Account, and paid time off.
Thank you for your interest. There are currently no openings.
BlueWillow Biologics is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing intranasal vaccines and topical anti-infective products, based on its patented nanotechnology platform.
The company was originally founded as Corporation, a spin-off from the Center for Biologic Nanotechnology at the University of Michigan, and was initially focused on developing nano-scale dermatology applications.  Based on promising research generated under several Gates Foundation, and contracts, the company underwent a strategic “pivot” in 2017 to refocus its nanotechnology platform on the development of intranasal vaccines for infectious and allergic diseases, and topical anti-infective treatments for wounds.
In addition to its vaccine programs, BlueWillow has continued to advance certain novel topical wound applications largely through partnerships under the company’s NanoBio™ division. BlueWillow’s headquarters and laboratory facilities are located in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
James Baker, Jr., is BlueWillow’s founder, and he continues to help guide the company’s scientific direction in vaccines and anti-infective applications. He is the founding Director of the Mary Weiser Food Allergy Center, is currently an emeritus professor of medicine and was, for 20 years, the chief of the Division of Allergy and Clinical Immunology at the University of Michigan. Dr. Baker is also a professor of biomedical engineering in the College of Engineering. In 2001 he was inaugurated as the first recipient of the Ruth Dow Doan Endowed Professorship in Biologic Nanotechnology. Following his prior successes, in 2005 the U-Board of Regents formed the Michigan Nanotechnology Institute for Medicine and Biological Sciences and appointed Dr. Baker as its first director. His recent accolades include the Distinguished University Innovator Award from the U-Office of the Vice President for Research and the Damen Award for Distinguished alumnus from the Stritch School of Medicine.
Dr. Baker’s research is in the area of immunology and host defense, evolving into nanomaterials and their applications in medicine. His work has produced new vector systems for gene transfer using dendritic polymers, which have the potential to revolutionize pharmaceutical therapy. Dr. Baker has also invented new forms of synthetic lipid and polymeric nanostructures, which have resulted in the development of nanoemulsions as a new approach to vaccines. He has founded 5 companies and spent 2 years as the worldwide Head of vaccines at Merck.  He most recently served as the of FARE, the national food allergy foundation.
The University of Michigan through its Initiative (Michigan Investment in New Technology Startups)
Dave Peralta has served as the company’s Chief Executive Officer since 2013. He joined BlueWillow (then known as Corporation) in 2006 and served as the company’s Chief Operating and Financial Officer through 2012. Dave was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in 2013 and has directed the company’s strategic shift towards use of its nanotechnology platform for the development of intranasal vaccines for respiratory and sexually transmitted diseases.
Prior to joining BlueWillow, Dave served as Chief Financial Officer for Arbortext, Inc., a venture-backed enterprise software company, up through the company’s acquisition in 2005. Before joining Arbortext, Dave served for six years as the Chief Financial Officer of Mechanical Dynamics, a publicly-held software company, where he directed all finance and investor relations activities during the company’s initial public offering and up through the sale of the company in 2002.
Dave earned a BBA, with distinction, from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business.  He currently resides in Northville, MI, with his wife Rose and their four children.
Dr. Fattom joined BlueWillow Biologics in November 2010 with 25 years of experience in vaccine research and development. He initiated his career as a vaccinologist at the National Institutes of Health, where he helped develop several vaccines including Pneumococcus conjugate vaccine, and headed the effort for developing a aureus vaccine. He later joined Univax Biologics to pursue the development of conjugate vaccines against bacterial infections including Staphylococci. Following the merger between Univax and North American Biologics to form Nabi Biopharmaceuticals, Dr. Fattom assumed responsibility for other research activities and served as Vice President of Research from 2003 to 2010. He earned a from The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, a in microbiology from Tel-Aviv University, and a Ph.in Microbial Ecology from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. From 1983–1986 he held an assistant professorship at Bir-Zeit University, West Bank. Dr. Fattom is author of over 50 peer-reviewed publications, and holds more than 10 patents.
David Muth serves as Global Head of Business Development for BlueWillow. He has 30+ years of experience mostly at the C-Level of the Biotech/Pharma/Medical Device Industry and his eclectic background includes strategic planning, licensing/acquisitions, raising capital, managing commercial and R&organizations,  and developing/launching multiple domestic/international products. Some of his roles include President & CEO-Neuro Pharmalogics, Chief Commercial Officer-Catalyst Pharmaceutical, President & CEO- Croma Pharmaceuticals, Global Head of Business Development-Bausch+Lomb, Chief Business Officer-Avalon Pharmaceutical, President and Chief Operating Officer-Cengent Therapeutics, Chief Business Officer-Biopharmaceuticals and 17  years at Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Muth holds an in Finance and an in Pharmaceutical Marketing.
Dr. Hamouda has over 20 years of experience in vaccine and antimicrobial drug development, including leading pre-clinical research programs and directing Phase 1 through Phase 3 vaccine clinical trials. Prior to joining BlueWillow, he served as the medical director and medical monitor for Pfenex, Inc., a clinical stage vaccine and biosimilar company. Dr. Hamouda has expertise in immunology, microbiology, and molecular biology techniques with experience in labs, manufacturing, and extensive knowledge in pre-clinical research, clinical research and regulatory affairs. He is an inventor on 17 patents and an author of numerous scientific publications covering anti-infective and vaccine research. He received a Ph.in microbiology and immunology as well as an in medicine and surgery from Cairo University in Egypt, and an from Michigan State University.
Dr. Ciotti directs the development of novel nanoemulsion systems for the treatment of various dermatological conditions and vaccines for intranasal and intramuscular administration. She is also responsible for developing novel formulations to support the nanoemulsion platform, process optimization, and scale-up activities for those formulations. Before joining BlueWillow Biologics, she was an Associate Research Fellow at Pfizer Global R&in Ann Arbor. She led all the formulation efforts for the Dermatology programs. Prior to joining Pfizer, she was a Principal Scientist in the Topical Formulations & Drug Delivery Technology Resource Center at Johnson & Johnson. Dr. Ciotti is currently an Adjunct Associate Professor of Pharmaceutical Sciences at the University of Michigan, College of Pharmacy in Ann Arbor, Michigan. She lectures on Advanced Drug Delivery Systems and Nanotechnology. She is also a reviewer for several journals, served as an invited speaker at several international conferences, and has been a guest speaker at the in the field of novel drug delivery technologies and nanotechnology.
Dr. Smith joined BlueWillow Biologics in November 2013 with over 20 years of experience in immunology, including cellular and antibody-based immunotherapies and vaccines against cancer and infectious diseases. He received a B.Sc. degree in microbiology and immunology from McGill University and a Ph.in immunology from the University of Chicago. As Principal Scientist and Immunology Program Leader at Aastrom Biosciences, Inc., he established and directed programs for clinical-scale production of dendritic cell vaccines, T-lymphocyte-based adoptive immunotherapies, and immunologic characterization of an adult stem cell product for human tissue repair. Dr. Smith gained extensive experience in the development, characterization, and evaluation of nanoemulsions as novel adjuvants for induction of mucosal and systemic immunity as a faculty member of the Michigan Nanotechnology Institute for Medicine and Biological Sciences (2008–2013) at the University of Michigan. He is currently responsible for development of NanoVax-PanFlu, a nanoemulsion-adjuvanted vaccine against H5N1 pandemic influenza, and other mucosal vaccines to prevent respiratory or sexually-transmitted diseases such as herpes simplex virus and HIV/AIDS.
Frank Malinoski serves as a clinical consultant to BlueWillow. He has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including roles in the Military, Lederle-Praxis, Nabi, Wyeth, MedImmune, Liquidia Technologies, EveliQure Biotechnologies, and consultative services to government and NGOs. Frank’s experience spans all phases of clinical development, regulatory consultation, and multiple levels of company management. His product focus has been in anti-infectives, including adult and pediatric vaccines as well as immunotherapy on both a national and international arena.  Frank has substantially contributed to the development of vaccines for pneumococcus, influenza, meningococcus, as well as combination pediatric vaccines and immunoprophylaxis.
Francie Kivel serves as a clinical consultant to BlueWillow, bringing expertise in clinical development, clinical operations, and project management. She has over 30 years of experience across the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and device industries, drawing from her roles at Parke-Davis, Pfizer, Aastrom (now Vericel) and her last 7 years of consulting with small and start-up companies. Francie’s expertise ranges from development of corporate strategy to management of clinical programs to operationalizing clinical trials.  She participated in the successful global clinical development of atorvastatin (Lipitor) and pregabalin (Lyrica) and has contributed to several successful INDs as a consultant.
Fiona Cameron serves as a regulatory affairs consultant to BlueWillow and has over twenty-three years of experience in the regulatory field. Prior to becoming a consultant, she held the positions of Director of Regulatory Affairs at Genentech, Inc., where she played a major role in the approval of Rituxan® for non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, and Senior Director of Regulatory Affairs at VaxGen, Inc., where she led a collaboration with a Japanese company to evaluate a smallpox vaccine.  She works with multiple clients advising on development strategies and writing national and international investigational and marketing applications.  She has considerable experience with live viral and bacterial vaccine programs as well as with recombinant protein vaccines.
Steve Gracon served as BlueWillow’s Vice President of Regulatory Affairs from 2008 through July 2015, and now serves as a consultant to the company. He has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including roles at Parke-Davis, Pfizer, Amgen, and Baxter. Steve brings a diversity to BlueWillow, having previously spent eight years in preclinical pathology and experimental toxicology, and more than a decade in clinical research, during which he lead the development of the tacrine (Cognex), the first drug approved for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. He then moved to regulatory affairs, gaining both and international regulatory experience.
George is founder and Managing Director of 30 Ventures, a Madison-based early-stage venture capital firm focused on early-stage medical diagnostics, biotechnology tools, medical device, and industrial water and chemistry opportunities in the Midwest. George currently chairs the boards of directors for Chromatin, Inc. and Juventas Therapeutics, Inc., and is an Advisor to Ventures Investors George previously served as board chair of Zystor Therapeutics (acquired by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. – NASDAQ: BMRN), Nerites (acquired by Kensey Nash, now – Euronext: DSM), and Celleration, Inc. (acquired by Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. – NASDAQ: ALQA). George is a founding director of the Mid-America Healthcare Investors Network, an association of over forty regional venture capital firms active in early stage healthcare investing, and has served as an advisor to various incubators, accelerators, venture conferences, and to the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. He periodically guest-lectures at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and the University of Wisconsin business school on the topics of entrepreneurship and venture capital. George previously served as for Capital Resource Advisors, a financial firm in Chicago, and prior to that he spent 12 years in the industrial water and specialty chemicals industries at Filter, Betz Laboratories and Alar Engineering. George has a in Chemical Engineering from the University of Illinois and an with high honors from University of Chicago Booth School of Business.
Hugo Braun has been an active venture capital investor in the Midwest and California since 1987 and is a cofounder and director of North Coast Technology Investors. Mr. Braun evaluates hundreds of investment opportunities per year, has acted as lead investor in both equity and subordinated debt investments, and has served on the boards of directors of public and private companies.
Prior to founding North Coast, Mr. Braun was a partner in Access Ventures, a Michigan based investment firm with over $30 million under management. In addition, he has co-managed BankAmerica Venture Capital’s $100 million venture portfolio. Investments included computer hardware and software, semiconductors, medical devices, telecommunications and retail. Mr. Braun was also a management consultant with Strategic Planning Associates, a spin-off of the Boston Consulting Group based in Washington, While at SPA, he assisted Fortune 500 clients in the beverage, apparel, petroleum and chemical industries with corporate and financial strategies.
He received an in Management from the Sloan School of Management at in 1985. He graduated magna cum laude with distinction from Yale University in 1980 with a in Economics.
Dr. Costley earned his degree from the University of Michigan where he also completed his undergraduate studies in English Literature.  Following medical school, he remained at the University of Michigan to complete his residency training and is board-certified in Family Medicine.  He has practiced medicine for over fifteen years in a variety of settings including teaching hospitals, urgent care centers, and outpatient clinics.  While his background includes significant pediatric and obstetric experience, Dr. Costley now concentrates his practice on providing comprehensive care to teenage and adult patients.  He has a particular interest in sports medicine and disease prevention.
In addition to his medical background, Dr. Costley holds a degree from Emory University and serves on the board of directors of several technology start-up companies.  Dr. Costley met his wife LeighAnn at the University of Michigan, and together they have two sons.  He enjoys distance running, cooking, and spending time in the Smoky Mountains where enjoys fly-fishing.
Gary Costley, Ph.D.
Gary Costley, Ph.D., is co-founder and managing director of C&Capital and Management, LLC, which provides capital and executive management support to health, nutritional, and medical product companies. Previously, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of International Multifoods Corporation, a manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer food and food service products.
Earlier in his career, Dr. Costley served in numerous executive management positions at Kellogg Company, including most recently as President of Kellogg North America. He currently also serves on the Board of Directors for Covance Inc., The Principal Financial Group, Tiffany & Co., and Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc.
Dave Peralta has served as the company’s Chief Executive Officer since 2013. He joined BlueWillow (then known as Corporation) in 2006 and served as the company’s Chief Operating and Financial Officer through 2012. Dave was promoted to Chief Executive Officer in 2013 and has directed the company’s strategic shift towards use of its nanotechnology platform for the development of intranasal vaccines for respiratory and sexually transmitted diseases.
Prior to joining BlueWillow, Dave served as Chief Financial Officer for Arbortext, Inc., a venture-backed enterprise software company, up through the company’s acquisition in 2005. Before joining Arbortext, Dave served for six years as the Chief Financial Officer of Mechanical Dynamics, a publicly-held software company, where he directed all finance and investor relations activities during the company’s initial public offering and up through the sale of the company in 2002.
Dave earned a BBA, with distinction, from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business.  He currently resides in Northville, Michigan, with his wife Rose and their four children.
David Stout has served as a top-level pharmaceutical executive, both nationally and internationally, for the past 30 years. His most recent position was President of Pharmaceutical Operations for GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals. In this capacity, he led all global commercial activities, global manufacturing, and all vaccine-related activities for the company, including research and development. Additionally, Mr. Stout directed the corporate pandemic flu preparedness program – an international effort that supports governments, health authorities, and company employees around the world in responding to a global influenza pandemic.
In addition to several undisclosed collaborations with leading pharmaceutical companies, BlueWillow has a strategic relationship with supporting the development of certain key intranasal vaccines:
BlueWillow has an ongoing $10 million contract with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), a division of the NIH, to develop its intranasal platform for use with pandemic influenza vaccines. The company also has a partnership with Public Health England (PHE) to develop an intranasal anthrax vaccine through Phase 1 under a $24 million contract award from NIAID.
BlueWillow’s intranasal vaccine programs for HSV-2 and chlamydia are currently supported by recent grants.  The company also has an active agreement with the Division of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases (DMID), a division of Under the agreement, has agreed to fund certain studies in support of developing intranasal vaccines for RSV, HSV-2 and pertussis. In addition, BlueWillow has an ongoing collaboration with Washington University in St. Louis for the development of an intranasal vaccine for TB, with support from NIH.
Move Reflects Focus on Advancing Several Intranasal Vaccines to Human Studies
ARBOR, Mich., (May 7, 2018) – Corporation, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, today announced that it has changed its corporate name to BlueWillow Biologics® in conjunction with the closing of a $10 million Series financing. The company’s new name reflects its evolution to a vaccines-focused company, and commitment to advancing its novel intranasal technology to develop new vaccines for several respiratory and sexually transmitted diseases. The Series financing round was led by North Coast Technology Investors, Line Moon Ventures and the University of Michigan through its initiative.
The company was originally founded as to develop topical nanoscale therapies for various dermatology applications. BlueWillow will continue to develop skin and wound treatments through partnerships and external collaborations under the NanoBio® trademark.
BlueWillow’s innovative intranasal vaccine platform is built upon the company’s patented NanoVax® technology that employs a unique oil-in-water nanoemulsion adjuvant to elicit both systemic and mucosal immunity. Most infectious pathogens enter the body across mucosal surfaces, yet most vaccines today are injected and fail to elicit mucosal immunity. BlueWillow’s technology has the potential to improve upon many existing vaccines as well as enable the creation of new vaccines for diseases that currently cannot be prevented through vaccination.
“Over the past several years, our research has increasingly demonstrated that our intranasal platform can play a pivotal role in the vaccines of tomorrow,” said Dave Peralta, Chief Executive Officer of BlueWillow. “Much of our data points to increased protection against some of the world’s most severe respiratory and sexually transmitted infections. With the commitment of our Series investors and the tremendous support we continue to receive from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), BlueWillow is now rapidly approaching Phase 1 human clinical studies in several programs.”
The name BlueWillow Biologics is a nod to the company’s roots as well as a commitment to the company’s future as a developer of the next generation of vaccines. “Blue” is a subtle reference to the University of Michigan, where the company’s nanotechnology was discovered. While “Willow” refers to willow trees, which are known to have deep, strong roots and large, protective branches.
“The NIH, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, State of Michigan, Michigan Nanotechnology Institute for Medicine and Biological Sciences and the University of Michigan Technology Transfer Office have been instrumental in the advancement of BlueWillow’s intranasal vaccine platform,” Peralta said. “We are very grateful to each of these partners, as well as our core investors, for their support, guidance and investment in BlueWillow’s promising future.”
BlueWillow Biologics is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, focused on developing and commercializing intranasal vaccines using its patented NanoVax® technology platform. The technology employs a novel oil-in-water nanoemulsion adjuvant that is effective when administered via intranasal or intramuscular vaccination, and can elicit both mucosal and systemic immunity when applied intranasally.
BlueWillow is currently developing intranasal vaccines for several respiratory and sexually transmitted infections, including RSV, pertussis, influenza, anthrax, prophylactic and therapeutic HSV-2 and chlamydia. Visit BlueWillow.com for details on the company’s vaccine pipeline and studies completed to date.
