Creating New Enabling Materials for Analysis, Diagnosis, and Therapy
is a photonic materials solutions company actively engaged in the development of   new photo-chemical compounds and related photonic technologies.
Our business  is developing, manufacturing, and selling novel  photoluminescent labels, photosensitizers, and related technologies. We also license the use of  our enabling materials and technologies to organizations that will create and qualify new analytical methods, diagnostics,  and therapeutics using our products and technologies.
Our new non-toxic dye compounds provide high stability and higher efficiency   near-infrared photoluminescent brightness (extinction * quantum   yield) than any other small-molecule biological labels currently in the market.
Several of   our high-brightness near-photoluminescent materials can also provide   additional functionality as high X-ray contrast agents and as photoacoustic   imaging reporters
We are undertaking these efforts with the goal of opening new doors   with customers and licensees to create new analytical capabilities, as well as   diagnostic and therapeutic solutions for many cancers, antibiotic resistant   pathogens, as visualization aids in surgery or radiation therapy, and for other applications our core   technology can address.
High brightness and light-sensitive, near-infrared photoluminescent dyes for   biological labeling.
Products For Licensing (Contact us with inquiries and to purchase materials at: contact@nanoquantum.com)
Ultra-high brightness, near-infrared photoluminescent dyes for   biological labeling with extinction coefficients from 200to over 750M-1cm-1
Near-photodynamic compounds with extremely high photon capture probabilities   for activation deep in tissue
Iodinated Cyanine Dyes: New Class of Sensitisers for use in Activated Photodynamic Therapy (PDT)†
a                                                                              Biomedical Research Institute, University of Ulster, Coleraine, UK
Electronic Supplementary Material (ESI) for ChemComm.
This journal is © The Royal Society of Chemistry 2017
Optical Characteristics and Tumor Imaging Capabilities of Near Infrared Organic Chromophores
(and BrCy106) in Non- and Nano-Encapsulated Formulations,
† Department of Bioengineering, University of California, Riverside, 92521, United States
§Department of Diagnostic Radiology, The University of Texas Anderson Cancer Center,
Houston, 77030, United States
Subject: Ovarian CancerOur high-efficiency, ultra-sensitive, photoluminescent and photodynamic compounds can be  integrated into advanced solutions to analyze, identify, locate, and potentially also treat many diseases or conditions.
Our business mission is to create, manufacture, and license our photoluminescent and photochemically active compounds  for companies and institutions that can utilize our new materials to provide new or improved devices, drugs, research  tools, diagnostic systems, and therapeutic modalities.
Supporting clients with leading edge photonics related biotechnology photo-chemical materials, devices, and methodologies. Contact us about licensing opportunities.