Every day, is shipping globally to Fortune 100 companies as well as to emerging companies who have chosen to innovate their way to the top by incorporating our nano-engineered solutions into disruptive and far more competitive products. Overnight, has brought revolutionary and transformative innovation to world leaders in automotive, transportation and trucking; retail; energy manufacturing, exploration and service; truck and marine manufacturing; Indy and racing; agriculture and construction equipment manufacturers; refining and formulating lubrication manufacturers; aerospace manufacturing; textile manufacturers; and advanced military applications.
Visit the Nanoverseto learn more about our capabilities
Jim Phillips, Recipient of the 2016 Edison Award, interviewed in New YorK
Welcome to the Global Nanomanufacturing Engine
We ThinkSmall™ to deliver big product innovations. Our award winning innovations in critical application sectors are making a difference to improve quality of life. was founded in 2002 as a research company, and today the transformed company has given the world breakthrough nano-innovations in machining and manufacturing, lubrication and energy, adaptive chemistries for advanced textile coatings, indestructible metal surface coatings, biomedical implant coatings and strategic military applications.
Every day, Inudstries is shipping globally to Fortune 100 companies as well as to emerging companies who have chosen to innovate their way to the top by incorporating our nano-engineered solutions into disruptive and far more competitive products. Overnight, has brought revolutionary and transformative innovation to world leaders in energy manufacturing, exploration and service; auto, truck and marine manufacturing; Indy and racing; agriculture and construction equipment manufacturers; refining and formulating lubrication manufacturers; aerospace manufacturing; textile manufacturers; and advanced military applications.
invests in world class people, ideas and tools to increase competitiveness in the global marketplace. We bring ideas from innovation to implementation, introducing nanomanufactured products to target markets in record time. This has led to our development of The Best Oil in the World™, The Best Grease in the World™, and The Best Cutting Tools in the World™. Nanomanufacturing is anticipated to be the fastest growing technological and commercial innovation in the 21st Century.
is focused on patented platform nanomanufacturing technologies that offer a broad range of high value market opportunities. The operating vision of is to be the Six Sigma world leader in nanomanufacturing innovation with swift product development and an emphasis on platform technologies that are scalable for efficient mass production.
We stand at the threshold of an age in which materials and devices can be fashioned atom-by-atom to satisfy specified design requirements. Nanotechnology-based applications are arising that were not even imagined a decade ago. The range of potential application is broad and will have enormous consequences for electronics, energy transformation and storage, materials, and medicine and health, to name a few examples. Indeed, the scope of this technology is so broad as to leave virtually no product untouched.
Rep. Bart Gordon (D-Tenn.), Former Chairman of the House Committee on Science and Technology
Dan Carroll Appointed President of  NanoMech’s Automotive and Industrial Group
Dan Carroll Appointed President of NanoMech’s Automotive and Industrial Group Carroll to Oversee NanoMech’s Automotive and Industrial Growth Strategy Springdale, Ark. (July 16, 2018) – today announced the appointment of Dan Carroll as president of NanoMech’s automotive and industrial group. As president, Carroll will assemble a sales and engineering team and oversee NanoMech’s penetration […]
Site Hosted by WhyteSpyderWelcome to the Global Nanomanufacturing Engine. We ThinkSmall™ to deliver big product innovations. Our award winning innovations in critical application sectors are making a difference to improve quality of life. was founded in 2002 and today the company has given the world breakthrough nano-innovations in machining and manufacturing, lubrication and energy, adaptive chemistries for advanced textile coatings, indestructible metal surface coatings, biomedical implant coatings and strategic military applications.
Every day, is shipping globally to Fortune 100 companies as well as to emerging companies who have chosen to innovate their way to the top by incorporating our nano-engineered solutions into disruptive and far more competitive products. Overnight, has brought revolutionary and transformative innovation to world leaders in energy manufacturing, exploration and service; auto, truck and marine manufacturing; Indy and racing; agriculture and construction equipment manufacturers; refining and formulating lubrication manufacturers; aerospace manufacturing; textile manufacturers; and advanced military applications.
invests in world class people, ideas and tools to increase competitiveness in the global marketplace. We bring ideas from innovation to implementation, introducing nanomanufactured products to target markets in record time. This has led to our development of The Best Grease in the World™, and The Best Cutting Tools in the World™. Nanomanufacturing is anticipated to be the fastest growing technological and commercial innovation in the 21st Century.
is focused on patented platform nanomanufacturing technologies that offer a broad range of high value market opportunities. The operating vision of is to be the Six Sigma world leader in nanomanufacturing innovation with swift product development and an emphasis on platform technologies that are scalable for efficient mass production.
Site Hosted by WhyteSpyderWe honor safety first – for people and the environment.
Safety is the first priority in all our activities. We are committed to implementing, developing and improving strategies, management systems and processes to ensure that all our manufacturing and research activities uphold the highest level of safety performance and meet national and international standards.
has a vital interest in providing each employee with a safe and healthy place to work. We also have an obligation to act responsibly toward the communities in which we do business.
Our objective is to manufacture products, provide services to customers, and to otherwise conduct our business in the safest possible manner and to assure public safety in conjunction with our operations and facilities. To accomplish this objective, the company is committed to complying with applicable health and safety requirements and providing training to our employees, to ensure awareness of this important effort.
All managers and supervisors bear direct responsibility for the health of each employee under their direction and a commitment to eliminating potential hazards. Each employee shall show concern for their personal safety and that of fellow employees.
In addition to health and safety considerations within our facilities, recognizes the right of all citizens to live in an environment as free of industrial pollution as feasible. In this regard, it is NanoMech’s intent that its operations are in compliance with federal, state and local environmental regulations, with an emphasis on reducing or preventing pollution at the source.
Further, to assure awareness of our environmental obligations, is committed to providing appropriate training to our employees on applicable regulatory requirements. It is the belief of that employees with adequate knowledge of environmental matters are best able to achieve improvements in environmental performance, which enhances the quality of our facilities and surrounding communities.
Maintaining the health and safety of our employees and eliminating environmental risks to the community provides substantial benefits to everyone associated with NanoMech. Health, safety and protection of the environment will always be primary goals of the company.
If any employee or individual detects a safety-related issued involving NanoMech, please notify our company immediately at 479-695-8076 or email Safety@NanoMech.com so we can take corrective action.
Inc., is a privately held company that was formed in 2002 by the company’s Chief Technology Officer Dr. Ajay Malshe. Upon receiving its first external funding in January 2003, began working to develop nanomanufactured products based on a coating technology pioneered by Dr. Malshe and exclusively licensed from the University of Arkansas. From 2003 until 2008, developed various applications of the NanoSpray technology under government and industrial sponsorship.  
In 2008, Mr. James Phillips joined as Chairman, assembled a Board of Directors, and led an investment round to bring to market the multiple award winning TuffTek® NanoSpray coatings to deposit ultrahard particles onto surfaces as a means to create the world’s most superior coating for cutting tools used in manufacturing worldwide.
In May 2009, had a ribbon cutting ceremony led by Governor Beebe featuring numerous regional dignitaries for its new custom-designed 9000 sq. ft. nano-manufacturing facility built in Springdale, Arkansas. 
has designed and developed several product platforms to compete in significant markets through the leveraging of its proprietary technologies and innovation skills and the strategic manufacture of nano-enabled products. Each of the technology platforms are also used to design and develop additional products as the market need for such solutions is identified.  By continually expanding the use of each platform, the Company achieves both technical and economic advantages in several important outcomes including: 
Expanded market opportunities; and
Synergistic applications of multiple platforms achieving highly disruptive outcomes.
The first two products which are entering the commercial stage following the successful launch of Tufftek® are nGlide® and nGuard®. 
NanoMech’s technology and products have recently received top innovation awards from R&Magazine, Frost & Sullivan and the Department of Commerce.
The Company was converted to a Delaware corporation in May of 2010.
has recently added 8000 sq. ft. of research and development facilities in the Arkansas Research and Technology Park in Fayetteville, Arkansas.
In 2011, the Company was chosen by Arkansas’ largest business publication for the award “Number One Company to Watch.”
Treasury Secretary, Timothy Geithner made a special trip to meet with management and tour manufacturing facilities and laboratories.
Dr. Arun Majumdar, Director of ARPA-and Deputy Secretary of Energy traveled to visit and explore Nanomech’s transformative nanotechnologies of importance to the Department of Energy.
In 2012, Jim Phillips and Dr. Ajay Malshe were selected by the NanoBusiness Commercialization Association to the Most Influential Nanotechnology Leaders List.
Jim Phillips is internationally credited with being very instrumental in launching instant messaging, the PDA, Cable Modem, PCS, Fixed Cellular, Time Magazine’s Medical Invention of the Year- the VeinViewer, and iPix, at the time, the world’s largest provider of digital imaging infrastructure for the internet, in such areas as online real estate, auction listings, and classified ads. Throughout his business career, Jim has held numerous prominent positions and founded and co-founded many successful corporations while introducing many products used by millions worldwide.
Mr. Schwartz has extensive experience in managing high-growth businesses. He served as of X-Chem, an oil & gas company. He has held positions at Exelano, Whittman-Hart and was COO/of GuestCare. He served as a Senior Manager at Deloitte Consulting, where he managed large-scale business transformation projects across various industries after beginning his career at DuPont as an engineer. He holds an from Harvard Business School.
Mr. Carroll has 25+ years experience in privately owned contract machining and assembly manufacturing plant. He has developed market leading position in finish machining of engine blocks and cylinder heads. Opened ten new facilities in 4 states encompassing over 3 million square feet of manufacturing space. Lead growth to $1.5 billion in sales. University of Chicago.
As Finance and Operations, Wyatt is responsible for leading NanoMech’s finance administration and operations performance. Responsibilities include key financial and strategic initiatives, financial reporting, financial monitoring, day-to-day operational management to advance the Company’s goals and business objectives, drive improved performance through operational excellence and progress rigor across all aspects of the organization. Prior to joining NanoMech, Wyatt had global financial and operational responsibility for a and China manufacturer of consumer products. The Company quickly expanded from regional manufacturer’s representative company into a multi-million dollar manufacturer / vendor of consumer products group
Dr. Arpana Verma, serves as the Chief Science Officer of Industries and a is the co-inventor of the founding patented technology for NanoMech’s nGlide lubricant technology platform. Her research expertise includes National Laboratory and major University sponsored research by NanoMech.  Based in Houston, Arpana provides science and engineering leadership including R&functions and business development for Industries for the Oil and Gas industry and related manufacturing sectors. In her role with Energy Dr. Verma supports global Oil & Gas businesses including upstream, midstream & downstream such as fracking, drilling and completion, flow control, and transportation services for NanoMech’s vast
customer base of iconic and multi-national customers.
Dr. Wenping Jiang, with Ph.in mechanical engineering from Iowa State University, has more than 25 years industrial experience including corporate engineering management, product development, business management, surface engineering, tribology, manufacturing, sales and customer support. Dr. Jiang joined as the first associate in 2003 with technical focus on surface engineering and nanostructured material for a variety of applications. He
has been involved in NanoMech’s key technology platforms and related business development, and led several multi-million dollar product development projects on behalf of with Fortune 500 companies. 
Mr. Phillips has served as Executive Chairman of the Board since 2011. He is internationally credited with being very instrumental in launching instant messaging, the PDA, Cable Modem, PCS, Fixed Cellular, Time Magazine’s Medical Invention of the Year- the VeinViewer, and iPix, at the time, the world’s largest provider of digital imaging infrastructure for the internet, in such areas as online real estate, auction listings, and classified ads. Throughout his business career, Jim has held numerous prominent positions and founded and co-founded many successful corporations while introducing many products used by millions worldwide.
Deborah Wince-Smith is the President & of the Council on Competitiveness (Council). Founded in 1986, this unique coalition of leading CEO’s, university presidents and labor union leaders puts forth actionable public policy solutions to make America more competitive in the global marketplace. An internationally renowned, leading voice on competitiveness, innovation strategy, science and technology, and international economic policy, Ms. Wince-Smith has been credited with recharging the national debate on competitiveness, innovation and resilience. Ms. Wince-Smith is frequently called upon to testify in front of the Congress and appears regularly on global television news networks including Bloomberg, BBC, CNBC, and Fox News.
Dr. Arpana Verma, serves as the Chief Science Officer of Industries and a is the co-inventor of the founding patented technology for NanoMech’s nGlide lubricant technology platform. Her research expertise includes National Laboratory and major University sponsored research by NanoMech.  Based in Houston, Arpana provides science and engineering leadership including R&functions and business development for Industries for the Oil and Gas industry and related manufacturing sectors. In her role with Energy Dr. Verma supports global Oil & Gas businesses including upstream, midstream & downstream such as fracking, drilling and completion, flow control, and transportation services for NanoMech’s vast
customer base of iconic and multi-national customers.
John Hendricks is the Founder and former Chairman of global media company Discovery Communications (parent of Discovery Channel, TLC, Animal Planet and many other television networks worldwide). Hendricks also is the Founder of Curiosity Project, a multi-platform initiative delivering to lifelong learners the highest quality deep-dive content on topics in science, technology, civilization and the human spirit, with a digital subscription service launching in first quarter 2015 at curiosityclub.com . Hendricks serves on the Board of Directors of the Carnegie Corporation of New York and the Institute for Advanced Study.
One of Fast Company’s “100 Most Creative People in Business,” Bran Ferren is a master of the arts and sciences. Equal parts artist/designer and scientist/engineer, he is an expert on leveraging curiosity and creativity to inspire innovation. His 2014 Talk entitled “To create for the ages, let’s combine art and engineering” has been translated into 24 languages and viewed nearly 1,000,000 times.
native Arkansan, John White, Jr., is a 1962 graduate of the University of Arkansas. After a brief period of employment at Tennessee Eastman Company, he embarked on an academic career in March of 1963 as a tenure-track instructor at Virginia Tech, where he taught full-time from 1963 to 1966. Upon completing his degree, for the next 3.5 years, he taught at The Ohio State University while pursuing his doctorate. After completing the Phrequirements in December of 1969, he returned to Virginia Tech’s faculty, where he remained until December of 1974, at which time he joined the Georgia Tech faculty.
Ruth Whitney is the founder and of inVeritas. Ruth serves as a strategic advisor to clients based on over 25 years of expertise in law, government, politics and public opinion. She has been privileged to advise Global 500 companies, prominent professional services firms, state and federal governments, law firms, nonprofit corporations and industry associations.
John Steuri, as a private investor, works with several small, developing businesses in Arkansas to provide financing assistance as well as management advice and counsel as needed. He is a founder and managing member of Venture Capital Investors, and also it’s successor, the Fund for Arkansas Future, LLC, which provides early stage angel funding to small, developing Arkansas businesses to enhance job creation and economic development in the State. In 1996, Mr. Steuri retired as Chairman and of Information Services, Inc. (formerly Systematics Information Services, Inc.), Little Rock.
featured on Times Square with release of one of the most important nano-patents in history!
Now part of our international award winning fortress producing the top lubricants, coatings, and cutting tools in a World that Runs on Machines!
