Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Your data is your biggest competitive advantage. It’s time to orchestrate it with purpose. It’s time to free your data to be anywhere and everywhere you need it. That’s a true Data Fabric.
The solution is clear. Be data-driven. Simplify and integrate how you use your data across your choice of hybrid, multi-cloud environments.
 to build your unique Data Fabric.
Azure. Google Cloud. Run it how you want.
card2-hybrid-multicloud
For any hybrid multicloud
Build new services faster with a unified experience that spans all your clouds.
card3-within-data-center
Scale from edge to core to cloud with the world’s #1 all-flash solution.
The Latest from Changing the World with Data
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Takes a Partner-First Approach to Solving Customer Challenges
Unmatched Vision, Portfolio, and Investments
NetApp® understands that partners are essential to helping customers build the outcome-centric infrastructures that they need to thrive in the digital age.
Why You Should Partner with has the vision, the portfolio, and the programs to accelerate your profitability and growth.
We focus on the success of our partners. Find the tools and resources to grow your business with NetApp.
An overview of the information you need to generate demand and to support your communication.
This guide helps you get started with and provides role-based enablement plans.
training and certification programs put you on the fast track to success.
Our program includes three levels of partnership for technology partners.
and its partners collaborate to enable customers with end-to-end solutions to meet their needs.
has developed a rich ecosystem of partners to deliver end-to-end business solutions.
Reduce risks, boost performance, and extract greater value from your data with NetApp's global and strategic alliance partners.
Join the award-winning Unified Partner Program, designed to contribute to your growth through the proven technologies and brand strength that provides.
The Fueled by program helps you accelerate solution deployment, shorten time to a positive ROI, and develop innovative solutions that differentiate you in the cloud marketplace.
 to include NetApp® cloud suite technology to grow your cloud offerings.
Join forces with to accelerate portfolio innovation, expand market awareness, and increase sales.
wants to recognize and reward our partners as a whole and promote all the value-added services you offer customers by recognizing your business capabilities. Each business capability requires you to meet a set of requirements.
To provide a storage platform that could quickly generate business critical reports, Vital Energi implemented NetApp® AFF8040 and AltaVault™ cloud-integrated storage, resulting in faster report generation time, faster performance, and easier management.
Mercy Technology Services uses NetApp® All Flash to accelerate decision making, putting data and insights in the hands of healthcare practitioners more quickly.
To meet the needs of its new FICO® Analytic Cloud clients, adopted NetApp® SolidFire® all-flash storage to maximize flexibility, accelerate deployments, and cut the costs of cloud.
Join us at a Partner Academy in a city near you to learn from sales and technical teams, and to develop valuable connections.
Read our blogs to get the inside scoop on various partner-related topics.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Stay current on the ideas, insights and innovations that are happening everyday at NetApp.
Recognized as a 2018 Gartner Peer Insights Customers’ Choice for Solid-State Arrays
2019 Vault Rankings: Internship Program named #5 Best Tech & Engineering Internships
How Casinos Are Gambling With Their Video Surveillance Storage
Ready for 2020: The Rise of the Data Architect
What’s New with OnCommand System Manager 9.5?
Creating a Unified Content Platform in the Cloud for Broadcasting
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
 here to see if there are events in your region.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Our Team Is Data Driven
You have a vision for digital transformation. We help you make it all possible.
Your data holds a wealth of opportunity. Harness it, and you create more value across your organization.
Data that’s united lets you expand customer touchpoints, foster new innovations, and optimize your operations.
In a world transformed by digital technology, you can’t move ahead with data in silos. You need fast insights, seamless access, and the peace of mind of knowing your data is protected and within your control. 
delivers the data management solutions that help you unleash the full potential of your data.
Is the Data Authority in the Hybrid Cloud.
Harness the Power of the Hybrid Cloud
Modernize Storage Through Data Management
Improve data center performance and gain efficiency
“has helped us think strategically about how we can use technology to transform our business and better meet the needs of our customers.”
Create Competitive Advantage with the Data Fabric
We give you the ability to optimize the way you manage, apply, and recover your data, no matter where you want the data to reside.
We give you the data insight, access, and control you need to move data seamlessly between environments. Our pricing options provide flexibility as you grow.
Your future is data driven. Our unique perspective and experience with data drive us to invest in solutions that will enable you to move forward with confidence.
Our Data Fabric platform is open by design, supported by an extensive network of partners, so you can choose what works best for you.
Access summary information about our business and financial performance and FAQs for shareowners.
Meet the leaders at the forefront of helping our customers transform for the digital age.
If you're data-driven, discover why a career is the perfect fit for you.
Connect with Explore Our Newsroom
Learn what’s new in the world of data management for the hybrid cloud.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Join us for a strategic, personalized engagement that turns challenges into data-driven opportunities.
 offers access to company executives plus the opportunity to tour the                         data center. Need more reasons to visit the Sunnyvale DVC?
                        Support Center and Customer Proof of Concept lab.
 focuses on and Solidfire deep-dive meetings.
 is near the Schiphol Airport at our European headquarters.
Our largest R&facility
 is located in NetApp’s largest R&facility outside the U.S.
                        The campus hosts 2,000+ engineers and offers a data center tour opportunity. ​
“Presenters all had the right level of technical depth and provided great context. Ability of to call in
                additional presenters to cover our support was great.”
“When we can sit together and work through strategic planning and business challenges, that’s true partnering.”
“was incredible! Very well organized and all of the content was relevant to our business.”
“Far exceeded my expectations. This was the best briefing I’ve ever been to in my 30 years of doing IT.”
Sr. Systems Engineer, natural resources company
“very good and informative day. Topics were spot-on and presented in a clear manner. It was nice to see the
                hardware hands-on and see how it worked without relying on slides.”
“It was well worth the trip up. Thoroughly enjoyed it. has some exciting things relevant to our pain
Sr. Manager, driver risk management company
Bring your digital journey to life via a customized meeting with executives and subject-matter experts.
Learn how data can enable new customer touchpoints, create innovative business opportunities, and optimize
Dive deep and get hands-on with your choice of topics--from storage to cloud data services to cloud infrastructure.
Need 10 Good Reasons to visit a Data Visionary Center?
Gain access to a wide array of knowledgeable and skilled subject matter experts.
What’s the difference between the Data Visionary Center and Executive Briefing Centers?
The at our Sunnyvale, headquarters is our largest and most immersive center. The EBCs, located around
                  the globe, offer a variety of experiences, including data center tours and solution-specific deep-dives.
                  The personalized content and access to experts in all locations are equally invaluable.
How do you customize the meeting to my organization and me?
Prior to the meeting, we gather your challenges and areas of interest and then build you a unique agenda.
                  We align our briefing resources to best address your specific needs. You leave with an action plan tailored
                  to your business and technology goals.
Attending a executive briefing will minimize the time it takes your organization to make informed
                  decisions and plan for the future. It’s also the best way to learn about technology and products,
                  as well as industry trends.
Expect to collaborate with our executives and subject-matter experts in a discussion tailored to you. We’ll
                  show you how to make a difference with data and make informed decisions on improving your business operations.
                  Come prepared with your questions, and be ready for a lively discussion.
briefings are designed for executives as well as technical professionals. All briefings are customized
                  to your needs. They can be as high-level and strategic or as technical and hands-on as you like.
Are briefings just for current customers?
Not at all. As technology continues to transform at astounding rates, it’s critical that we work collaboratively
                  with existing customers, partners, and future clients to understand how our technology and innovations
                  can help you manage and benefit from data.
 to start planning your or visit. We look forward to hosting you at one of
Contact your sales rep or partner, or click the button below to request a briefing. We look forward to hosting
          you at one of our locations soon.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Lifecycle Management for Distributed Content Repositories
Lower cost. Greater control. Easy access.
Leverage single-policy–based management of repositories spanning both on-site and off-site storage.
Take advantage of globally distributed content repositories for media and entertainment companies.
Simplify your life with a single point of management for extremely large distributed content repositories.
Lower the cost of data management.
Use a private cloud content repository at less cost than public cloud.
Work with flexible purchasing options that include purchase and subscription based.
Reduce by 80%.
Automate your media-asset management.
NetApp® StorageGRID® automatically places your rich-media content in the right location, at the right time, on the right storage tier.
The result? Optimized workflows and lower overall costs for globally distributed rich media.
Integrate directly to Storageusing the S3 protocol to intuitively manage rich media.
Create, manage, and distribute content over the air, via satellite, and to “second” screens such as PCs, mobile phones, and tablets.
Integrate multiple workflows and formats for news, sports, programs, VOD, and archives under one fluid system.
Learn how ProSiebenSat.1 provides its customers with technical innovations and creative ideas for making, archiving, and broadcasting television content.
Builds New, Innovative Cloud Services on Gartner Report: The Future of Object Storage
The object storage market has gained momentum. Understand recent developments in both on-premises and public cloud environments—and their importance for staying ahead.
Stay up to date on a variety of unstructured-data–related topics.
thePub brings together brewmasters like you: the developers and automation experts who make technology go.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Business success is evolving beyond profits and share price. It is now also measured by an organization’s impact on people, communities, and the environment. strives to be responsible both to shareholders and the world. Our success is driven by economic results as well as our behaviors.
We support and respect our people and communities.
We fully embrace and advance a diverse, inclusive global workforce with a culture of belonging that leverages the backgrounds and perspectives of all employees, customers, partners, and communities to cultivate a higher performing organization.
We are passionate about creating a stimulating and supportive work environment for you.
With VTO, employees can volunteer up to 40 paid hours each year. In 2017, employees volunteered 60,000 hours.
makes grants that connect the company and its employees to the needs of our local communities.
Last year, made $1 million in grants to non-profit and educational institutions around the world.
Managing our natural resources responsibly is a duty we owe to future generations.
submits questionnaires annually for CDP’s climate change, water and supply chain categories.
has earned ratings for all of Sunnyvale and Research Triangle Park buildings.
In Sunnyvale, received Platinum for Building 2 and Gold for Buildings 1 and 3.
We strive to provide products that exceed environmental standards. Our statements on European Union's WEEE, Roand directives demonstrate our compliance. Many of our storage systems are certified. 
View Statements and Certifications
We are committed to making accessible products, following standards defined by Rehabilitation Act, Section 508.
Our commitment to human rights is outlined in our 
suppliers conduct their business according to our 
suppliers comply with and support our 
Our business practices reflect our belief in always doing the right thing.
is defined not just by what we do, but also by who we are and how we do it. Our Code of Conduct was developed based on our values. It reflects our culture and commitment to doing things right, everywhere we operate.
We follow a set of values to guide our actions, including the responsibility to conduct ourselves with the highest ethical standards regarding customers, partners, employees, investors, and communities. We believe our governance practices meet or exceed standards defined in proposed and recently enacted legislation.
recognizes privacy as a fundamental human right. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and employees. We respect and protect the personal data entrusted to us in accordance with applicable laws on data privacy and data security.
Get the inside scoop about what it’s like to work at NetApp.
Connect with us on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Deliver consistent environments in the development-and-test processes via deep third-party integrations.
NetApp® integrations with partners like Ansible, Puppet, and Chef mean you deliver a consistent storage environment—no matter the workload.
Configuration-management solutions let you drive a collaborative culture: Developers can take charge of some of their own infrastructure requirements while operations maintains the visibility it needs
Eliminate time-consuming and error-prone handoffs. Let everyone focus where they create the most value. Change becomes more transparent, reviewable, and easier to roll back.
Achieve infrastructure agility and consistency with Ansible modules for NetApp.
With Ansible, customers simplify the automation of their storage tasks. Ansible is essential to address rapidly changing demands on your storage infrastructure—especially when adopting a DevOps framework.
Reduce environment discrepancies that kill productivity. Roll storage-infrastructure configurations into your CI/processes and application configurations for maximum agility with over 60 Ansible modules for NetApp.
 modules for Element and software.
Deliver the shortest path to better software with 
 for SolidFire, AFF, and ONTAP® software.
See how professionals in your industry are leveraging automation in the next-generation data center.
Take the next step—request a demo.
representative will contact you to discuss your requirements and schedule a customized demo.
Connect with Developers at thePub
thePub brings together brewmasters like you: the developers and automation experts who make technology go.
Stay up to date on a variety of DevOps and Open Source related topics.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Get out ahead of the game. Our Performance Management and Analytics solution makes it easy for you to:
Proactively detect anomalous behavior based on machine learning.
Monitor performance for the entire infrastructure stack supporting applications.
React quickly when performance issues arise, notifying the right people at the right time so they can take corrective action:
Receive event notifications based on custom policy thresholds that you define across the compute, switch, and storage elements being monitored.
Gain the increased confidence that comes with global visibility:
Visualize performance of your workloads across the hybrid cloud.
Conduct workload analysis for accurate on- and off-premises data migrations.
Leverage an open platform for on-premises and hybrid-cloud–based data center management. Gain valuable business insights.
Get strategic and performance insights into your current application workloads and analytics with actionable recommendations for improvement.
Build and implement a solution that will reduce costs and significantly improve application performance and storage operations.
Drive operational excellence. Proactively address potential issues before they cause disruption.
Build dashboards and reports to visualize hybrid-cloud infrastructures.
NetApp® solutions accelerate your business transformation to cloud storage.
is a strategic hybrid-cloud data-services partner for Microsoft Azure.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Manage your exploding unstructured-data growth.
Create a global namespace for collaborative workflows that speed innovation.
For enterprises: Lower the cost of petabyte-scale data management.
Create a geo-distributed single pool of storage for collaboration and efficiency.
Reduce by 75% through NetApp® StorageGRID® integrated lifecycle management.
Automate and integrate into your existing environment.
For service providers: Create compelling new services that help drive better margins and win new customers.
Place data on the optimal storage tier in a multitenant environment.
Distribute content across multiple geographically dispersed sites for data protection.
Place content in the right location, at the right time, on the right storage tier.
Optimize workflows and reduce overall costs for the Internet of Things (IoT) design process.
Automate General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requirements and workflows.
See how our customers manage distributed content.
Leveraging new services based on technology, customers can manage their cloud data from an easy-to-use portal—saving up to 75% on storage costs.
Create, deploy, and manage storage-as-a-service solutions, including enterprise file sync and share, endpoint backup, mobile collaboration, and storage.
Combine the economics of cloud storage with the power and control of a truly global, enterprise-wide data repository. Leverage sophisticated project discovery, analysis, archiving, and retrieval.
Automate system-to-system file movement at scale, allowing the exchange of content and metadata files with other users, systems, and applications.
Gartner Report: The Future of Object Storage
The object-storage market has gained momentum. Understand recent developments in both on-premises and public cloud environments—and their importance for staying ahead.
Stay up to date on a variety of unstructured-data–related topics.
thePub brings together brewmasters like you: the developers and automation experts who make technology go.
Simplify and Automate Virtualization Workloads
optimize-unstruc-data
Target your spend and resources with accuracy.
Plan and justify new infrastructure investments based on trend analysis for performance and cost.
Save money by increasing utilization of existing resources. Avoid overspending and defer capital expenditures.
Rationalize investments through granular cost reporting across your entire infrastructure.
Accurately plan for the future.
Identify trends in resource allocation and capacity consumption by application, business unit, individual, and more.
Avoid overspending and defer capital expenditures.
Get the Big Picture: OnCommand Insight.
Determine what and when to buy. OnCommand® Insight makes it easy by giving you a global view of your storage infrastructure. So you can track your data infrastructure usage in multiple geographic locations simultaneously.
Monitor hybrid cloud capacity, performance, and cost trends.
Align costs with service levels. Provide showback reporting.
Leverage a centralized view into historical trends to forecast performance and capacity requirements.
“We chose for the Digital for All program because our relationship was key to its success. was efficient in delivering products and solutions to our employees.”
Thierry Pinart | Deputy CEO, Investment Banking Private Banking, and Investor Services, Société Générale
Learn how the right analytics software will help you gain new insights into your infrastructure and improve control of your data in a hybrid cloud.
is a strategic hybrid-cloud data-services partner for Microsoft Azure.
Get strategic and design insights into your current application workloads and analytics with actionable recommendations for improvement.
Build and implement a capacity solution that will reduce costs and significantly improve application performance and storage operations.
Drive operational excellence. Proactively address potential issues before they cause disruption.
