                            Commercializing  Disruptive Innovation
is a multi-stage venture capital firm based in the Boston area, with partners in the mid-Atlantic and Northern California regions.  
Our mission is to build extremely successful companies that can grow rapidly, dominate markets, and generate substantial value.
We focus on market areas where our team’s experience, expertise, networks, and ability to add value provide distinct advantage and create leverage:
Cybersecurity, software, and healthcare information technology.
We carefully evaluate potential portfolio investments based on four key success factors.
Large Market Opportunities Addressing Significant Unmet Needs:  We seek to invest in and build companies commercializing technologies and technology-enabled services addressing major unmet needs in one or more large markets.
Risk Mitigation:  We look for solutions involving with a clear and efficient path to commercialization and value creation.  This generally involves a technological foundation of engineering and development that has been, or can be, proven readily.  We seek to minimize risks such as uncertain and open-ended scientific experimentation, as well as uncertain and attenuated regulatory obstacles.
Capital Efficiency:  We are passionate about investing in a highly efficient manner and believe this aligns the incentives and interests of the companies and teams we back, as well as the limited partners who back us.  We focus on opportunities where substantial value can be generated with rational amounts of capital, and where follow-on investment can support sustained revenue growth through exit.  This approach is intended to enable successful operation of portfolio companies resulting in outsized returns regardless of market conditions.
Team Relationships:  We are supportive and collaborative investors committed to adding value to our companies for the long-term throughout their life cycle.  We invest at the earliest stages, even launching companies ourselves, and continue investing as value is created and risk is reduced.  We have been founders and entrepreneurs ourselves and understand the need to determine the appropriate business model, strategy, team, and capital need for each individual company and stage, from inception to exit.  We also know from experience that success in formulating and executing a business plan requires teamwork at every level and we look to maximize this value in the teams and syndicates with whom we partner.
NTV’s strategy includes spinning-out, leveraging, and commercializing high potential developed technologies with clear market and exit opportunities.  As a team with investment and operating experience at all stages, we are comfortable creating enterprises, financing companies by ourselves, and building and leading syndicates of co-investors bringing complementary networks and aligned vision. Regardless of the size and stage of our initial investment, we expect to continue supporting successful portfolio companies through the entire financing lifecycle. In addition to capital, we are committed to doing what it takes to partner with great teams to build great companies.
Our investment and operating philosophy are based on the core belief that the best results are obtained by maintaining a clear commitment to collaborating with, and aligning incentives of, developers, entrepreneurs, management teams, and syndicate partners involved in the process of building a successful enterprise.
We are active and hands-on in formulating strategy and plans, building teams, and providing guidance, support and access to our network.  We strongly believe that each opportunity is unique, and that careful attention needs to be paid in each case to determining the right business model and plan, and building the right team to execute successfully.
NTV’s team has deep expertise and knowledge gained from 100 years of collective experience, through many business and cycles, as venture and private equity investors, leaders, C-level executives, experts, Board members, and entrepreneurs with a strong track record of launching, leading, managing, mentoring, funding, supporting, and building successful teams and businesses, as well as achieving successful exits. 
​also has a world-class network, including leading companies, universities, academic medical and research centers, national, international, and commercial laboratories and research centers, thought-leaders, and innovators, for sourcing and vetting opportunities, as well as for building and exiting investments.
Hal Chapel is a nationally recognized leader and serial entrepreneur, having founded and built several successful companies that produced major paradigm shifts in information technology. Having been Founder and CEO, Hal is currently Chairman of NTV's first portfolio company, QuantumXchange.  
​QuantumXchange ( https://quantumxc.com/ ) provides the only unhackable encryption solution able to resist the looming quantum computing singularity. 
As Founder and of Lotsa Helping Hands, a social entrepreneurial company powering and engaging millions of members in over 100,000 online caregiving communities worldwide, Hal established Lotsa as the acknowledged leader in the caregiving industry, personally developing business partnerships with scores of national health-related organizations co-branding the Lotsa Helping Hands service, including AARP, the Alzheimer’s Association, the American Lung Association, the Muscular Dystrophy Association, and the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society, as well as corporate customers including United Healthcare, Pfizer, Boehringer-Ingelheim, Philips Lifeline and Intel’s Care Innovations. 
Previously, Hal founded Boston-based Xevo Corp, a leader in developing the concept of internet computing, focusing on enabling needed by global telecoms to deliver remotely hosted applications over the internet. Hal raised $45 million in funding, established four regional offices in the and Europe, built a best-in-class team, secured significant customer contracts with AT&T, Bell Canada, British Telecom, and Deutsche Telecom, and led major co-development and partnership initiatives with industry leaders including Microsoft, Cisco, Compaq, and Citrix.  Earlier, Hal established San Francisco-based Vanguard Business Solutions as one of the premier network-based database application development houses, leading the confluence of two evolutionary movements in the business community (client-server and business process reengineering). He developed and negotiated contracts and strategic relationships with GE, Kodak, Bank of America, TRW, and ITT, as well as an exclusive contract with Microsoft to develop the front-end, authorization tools, and certification materials for Server and, ultimately, Vanguard’s successful acquisition by Lotus.
Hal earned his undergraduate degree at Harvard University, studying philosophy, physics, and mathematics. He later returned to Harvard to earn an Ed.in multidisciplinary studies in neuroscience, cognitive psychology, and education.  Hal has spoken and published widely on both and entrepreneurship.​
Chris Whalen has over two decades of professional experience building, advising, and working with successful firms.  Prior to NTV, Chris served for 6 years as a merchant banker working with early and growth stage companies to raise capital, complete acquisitions, arrange debt and lines of credit.  In that capacity, Chris structured and completed equity transactions ranging in size from $5-25 in industries including microchips, enterprise applications, online advertising and Media, material sciences, search engines, bioinformatics, and financial services.
Chris earned his from Assumption College and his from Babson College (Olin School of Business).
​Starnes came aboard with Doto stand up the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA). He served as the first Chairman of the Joint Laboratory Board of the Joint Improvised Explosive Devices Defeat Organization (JIEDDO), as a Member of the Future Strategic Strike Systems Summer Study for STRATCOM, as well as on the Executive Steering Group to establish the Joint Office’s High Energy Laser Program (JTO-HEL), and as a member of the Global Policy Research Institute at Purdue University.  He is currently Chairman of the Engineering Development Board at Missouri University of Science and Technology, as well as a member of both Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Strategic Advisory Group Board and the Air Force Cyber Vision 2025 Senior Expert Review Board. Starnes was recently nominated by The National Academies / National Research Council and is now a member of The Air Force Studies Board as well as a member of The Intelligence Board, and a Member-The Aspen Institute’s Homeland Security Group.
​began his famed professional basketball career after graduating from Guilford College in 1973, where he was named All American and led his team to the Championship.  Upon graduation, he was drafted by both the Kentucky Colonels from the and the Kansas City Kings from the The following season he played for the Israel Sabras in the European Pro Basketball League, where he was named for guiding his team to the championship.  In 1975, played for the Spirits of St. Louis in the and was named to the ABA’s All-Rookie Team.  When the and merged, he joined the NBA, playing for the Detroit Pistons from 1976-79, where he was selected to the All-Defense Second Team during the 1979 season, after leading the league in steals.
After being regarded as one of the top sought-after free agents in 1979, signed with the Boston Celtics, where he played from 1979-85.  During his tenure with the Celtics, he won two World Championships in 1981 and 1984.  
later became Director of Basketball Operations for the Celtics in 1994.  The following year, he joined Red Auerbach as the only other Celtic to hold dual titles as Director of Basketball Operations and Head Coach during the 1994-95 and 1996-97 seasons.  After the 1997 season, he became the Celtics’ Director of Corporate Development.  In 2004, became a minority owner of the NBA’s Charlotte Bobcats. Since retiring from the Boston Celtics in 1985, he launched Enterprises, a sports marketing/motivational speaking/business consulting firm.  He became a spokesperson for such companies as Bank of Boston, Balance, Putnam Investments and Massachusetts Financial Services. 
has always had a strong commitment to give back to the community.  He has received numerous awards for his community work including the President’s Citation award for the “Carr Stand Tall Against Drugs Program,” the Dr. Martin Luther King Image Award and the Camille Cosby Award, among others, and has authored three books. has served on several boards, including affiliate Channel 7/Boston, Balance, and Guilford College; and he currently serves on the boards of dSide Technologies, BioDirection, Futures Without Violence and Davis Lee Companies.
Bob is a well-known and highly respected investor and thought leader in Silicon Valley and beyond. 
Bob brings an extraordinary investment track record, highly successful operating career and a vast network of the global top tier to Ventures.  He has been instrumental in bringing some of the most successful, fastest growing companies in the world from seed stage to and has one of the most impressive track records in the early-stage venture capital world.  
Prior to joining as a Special Partner, Bob was a founding partner of Angel Investors funds and II, which he founded with his then partner, and world-renowned angel investor, Ron Conway. Noted investments include: first institutional money into Google, PayPal, Ask Jeeves, AvantGo, BrightMail, Chemdex, FindLaw, Good Technology, MongoMusic, Opsware, RedEnvelope and Vovida Networks and many others too numerous to mention here. Angel Investors was acquired by Credit Suisse in 2000.
In addition to his impressive investment career, Bob has had a successful tenure as an executive at some of the largest computer companies in the world.  He was of Acer/Altos (Americas) and an important part of the early management team at Wang Laboratories.
Bob received his degrees in Accounting from the University of Cincinnati, and a combined degree in Management and Arts & Sciences from Northeastern University.
Noreen McQuade, Director of Operations and Investor Relations
Noreen is involved in fundraising, communications, client services, marketing and general administration.  Previously, she served as Head of Operations for Resolute Ventures, a lead seed and “pre-seed” investor focused on backing and connecting a community of founders who share an entrepreneurial spirit and energy.  Prior to Resolute, Noreen served as Director of Investor Relations at Polaris Partners.  founding team member during Polaris’s startup days, she built and managed Polaris’ Investor Relations effort, providing client services and relationship management to and existing investors, including communications; fundraising strategy and administration; marketing and investor focused events. Earlier, Noreen held various operational roles with Investments, the investment arm of General Cinema Corporation.  Noreen earned a in Business from Boston University and a Graduate Certificate in Human Resources Management from Northeastern University.
On August 10, 2006, Cohen was sworn in as Under Secretary for Science & at the Department of Homeland Security (responsible for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation). At the time of his assuming this position, the Fiscal Year (FY) 2007 Senate Appropriations Report described S&as “a rudderless ship without a clear way to get back on course." Through Cohen’s leadership and the people and programs he put in place, the 2008 Senate Appropriations Report stated the committee “is pleased with the rapid progress S&appears to be making…” and in 2009 the Congress added $63to the nearly $1S&budget and directed that Cohen be given acquisition authority over his responsible programs. The output focused, customer-oriented transformation of S&(from the lowest morale federal government component in 2006 to amongst the highest in 2008) is a success story that is captured in Hill testimony, press articles, international partnerships and the National Geographic special “Hi- Tech War on Terror” that documented the high risk/high gain innovation portfolio which Cohen put in place to make the nation safer. Subsequent administrations continue to build on this solid foundation.
Rear Admiral Cohen is currently a principal in The Chertoff Group, serves on numerous corporate boards and as of Jay Cohen He is also an independent consultant for science and in support of domestic and international defense, homeland security and energy issues and solutions.
Valerie earned her from Duke University and her from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania.  She has been involved in numerous educational, public service, and not-for-profit initiatives including as a member of the Harvard Women’s Leadership Board of Harvard’s Kennedy School, the Presidential Board of Advisors on Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and the Massachusetts Public-Private Infrastructure Commission.  With a passion to share messages globally, she speaks frequently on issues related to the economy and investments, personal empowerment, and financial literacy.
Valerie was named UK's Powerlist International Person of the Year in 2017, and has also been recognized as one of the 50 Most Powerful Women in Business and one of the Top 75 African Americans on Wall Street by Black Enterprise magazine. 
General Pollock serves on multiple advisory boards and is the owner of Pollock Associates,  She is a Fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives, the American Academy of Nursing and the National Board of Corporate Directors. Her passion is improving the quality of lives of those with vision loss.  To escape and rejuvenate, she spends time hiking, biking and kayaking with her husband, Doug and Ambassador guide dog, “Cruiser.”
Fran graduated cum laude from the American University with a bachelor's degrees in political science and psychology and earned her law degree from the University of San Diego School of Law. She has taught trial advocacy at Harvard Law School and Pace University Law School.
Dr. Edelman is a fellow of the American College of Cardiology, the American Heart Association, the Association of University Cardiologists, the American Society of Clinical Investigation, the American Institute of Medical and Biological Engineering, and the Institute of Medicine and National Academy of Engineering. As Chief Scientific Advisor of Science: Translational Medicine, he has set the tone for the national debate on translational research and innovation. As co-founder of F04.03, Dr. Edelman helped create standards for cardiovascular implants. He is a member of the FDA’s Science Board and an fellow in the For his work bringing cardiovascular translational research to an international level of excellence, the Spanish Parliament and King Juan Carlos awarded him with the Spanish Order of Civil Merit. Most importantly, as an avid ice hockey goalie, Dr. Edelman's most recent accomplishment involves passing three levels of coaching licensure from the Massachusetts Youth Hockey league and coaching the Brookline Bantam team.
With the support of the JDRF, and to honor the legacy of his wife, Mary Tyler Moore and her commitment to finding a cure for type 1 diabetes and its complications, Dr. Levine recently led the launch of a moonshot research initiative to restore vision in people with visual loss or blindness due to diabetes-related eye disease.
