has developed the highest (Quality Factor) Programmable (Silicon-on-Insulator) capacitor and components for integration into Tunable (Radio Frequency Front End) solutions. The proliferation of worldwide 4Bands and the increased deployment of Carrier Aggregation (CA) is forcing Smartphone OEM’s and Module suppliers to adopt Tunable solutions as a way to break the rigidity of today’s Smartphone front-ends while reducing cost, size and optimizing performance.
Dr. Dev Gupta received his Ph.in 1977 from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He held various engineering positions at the Bell Laboratories in Andover, MA, from 1977 to 1985. He was the General Manager at Integrated Network Corporation, a manufacturer of access products, from 1985 to 1995. Dr. Gupta founded two companies, Dagaz Technologies and Maxcomm, which were acquired by Cisco Systems in 1997 and 1999 respectively. These companies developed and manufactured telephone exchange and voice and data equipment for He was Cisco’s of Architecture in the access business unit between founding Dagaz Technologies and Maxcomm. In 2000, he founded Narad Networks which manufactured Gigabit Ethernet networking equipment for the cable industry. Narad Networks (renamed PhyFlex) was acquired by Cienna in 2007. was founded in 2003. Dr. Gupta is a Charter Member of the Atlantic chapter of the Indus Entrepreneurs (TIE), an organization which promotes entrepreneurship. The World Economic Forum named him a ‘Tech. Pioneer’ for the years 2001 and 2002. He has over thirty patents in communications, networking, circuit design, and signal processing.
Divi holds an from the  Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a and in  Electrical Engineering from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
His Degree was earned in Electronics and Electrical  Engineering from Paisley College of Technology, King’s College, London.
Jim Bao leads development of  Wireless products.  Previous to  Jim was Director of Engineering at where he started up RFMD’s  Shanghai Design Center, building the team and managing development of many high  volume wireless terminal solutions from 2007 thru 2013.   Jim’s broad experience in all aspects of  engineering for wireless terminal components also includes six years in  Director of Engineering and Engineering Manager positions at RFMD, Greensboro and  five years as a Senior Design Engineer at Anadigics.   Jim received his Ph.in Electrical  Engineering from Lehigh University and holds a in General Management from  the Babcock Graduate School of Management at Wake Forest University.
Darryl manages  innovative products from conception to successful implementation in  wireless terminals.  Darryl brought  numerous high volume products to market while at Skyworks and Peregrine and has  over 25 years’ experience in component engineering.   As a Design Engineering Manager for Skyworks  Solutions Inc., Darryl led a team of Product Development Engineers including  Design Engineers, Layout Engineers, Test Engineers and Assembly Technicians in all  aspects of product development, product introduction, and product  support.  Darryl earned a in  Marketing and Supply Chain Management from the Whittemore School of Business  and Economics at the University of New Hampshire.  Darryl received his Bachelor of Science in  Electronic Engineering from the University of Massachusetts and his Bachelor of  Science in Business Management and Information Technology from Daniel Webster  College. 
After consulting on the  development of programmable technology, Anuj Madan took on the Chief  Technology Officer position at where he is responsible for core  technology performance and identifying new application opportunities. He works closely  with external partners and internal groups to exploit capabilities in  the programmable and tunable front-end space. Anuj has held engineering  positions at Skyworks Solutions and SiGe Semiconductor (acquired by Skyworks),  where he ramped several products to production on existing and new technology  platforms.  Anuj pioneered the  integration of switch and for applications towards a single-chip  roadmap and is responsible for approximately 15 patent filings and 26  publications. Anuj holds a Ph.degree in Electrical Engineering from Georgia  Institute of Technology, where he received a Electron Devices Society  Fellowship.
