Industrial Fanless Computer
Front Access Core™-i
Machine Automation
EtherMotion Controller
EtherSlave Module
EtherCAT-based Robot Solutions
Machine Automation Controller
PC-based Factory Automation 
Fieldbus MiniPCIe Modules
Automation Industrial Computer
MiniPCIe Module Expansions - COM
MiniPCIe Module Expansions - LAN
Softlogic Controller
Predictive Diagnostic Maintenance to Safeguard System in Semiconductor Factoriesy
PC-Based Controller Integrates Billing System for Car Washes in Dubai
NEXCOM's 1533Controller Attains Stability to Boost Cookie Packing Outcome
Human Machine Interface
Professional Software Service – BIOS, Bootloader, Kernel, eAPI, Driver & Embedded OS/BSP
SCADA, SoftImplementation
Industry Firewall Solution
Industrial Wireless Solutions
Industrial Wi-Fi
Outdoor Wi-Fi
Vehicle Telematics Computer
Fleet Management
First Response Vehicles
Vehicle Mount Computer
Fleet Management
Warehouse Management 
Modular Vehicle Computer System
First Response Vehicles
Security w/ software
Passenger Information System
Vehicle w/ software
Train w/ software
Vehicle Mount Display
In-Vehicle Networking
Advanced Telematics Computer
Transportation: All-In-One Vehicle Mount Computer for Port and Warehouse Logistics
In-vehicle Computers Deliver Emergency Healthcare with in the Netherlands
Passenger Information System Boosts Customer Satisfaction in European Buses
Indoor Dome Camera
Outdoor Dome Camera
180-degree Panoramic Camera
Mid Range
Short Range
3Camera for Transportation Business Intelligence
NEXCOM's Cameras Augment Surveillance Accuracy and Coverage in Sydney Car Park
Turn Surveillance Video into Actionable Intelligence
High-performance Player
Multi-display Player
Video Wall Signage Solutions
Interactive Signage Solution Packs
Instant Digital Shelf Solution
Interactive Gesture Controlled Solution
Passenger Information Panel PC
Fanless Computer
Mid-Range Terminal
High Performance Terminal
Embedded Computing
Computer-on-Module
Mini-MB
Industrial Rackmount Computer
Industrial Motherboard
Smart Retail Solution at 2018
Digital Signage Player Captivates Customers Facilitating Self-Shopping
Digital Signage Player Helps Bus Passengers Adjust Trips Timely
Cyber Security Solutions
- X86 Based Entry Level Appliance
Edge & Cloud Solutions
Industrial Gateway Solutions
Networking and Communication: Powerful Enterprise Networking Solution for Cybersecurity Application
Video Conference System
Open Innovation Platform Helps Shape the Landscape of IoApplications
WebPromotes Cross-Platform Video Messaging, Inspiring Creative IIoUses
HealthCare & Medical
Committed to Customer Success
Reliable Partner for the Intelligent Solutions
Founded in 1992 and headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan, is committed to being your trustworthy partner in building the intelligent solutions. To surpass customers' expectations, makes the difference by utilizing its decades of industrial computing experience, a highly talented R&team, and by providing exceptional levels of customer service. With these core strengths, has enabled its customers to win key projects in a diverse range of industries.
With its focus on delivering these core values to better serve customers, integrates its capabilities and operates six global businesses, which are IoAutomation Solutions (IAS), Intelligent Digital Security (IDS), Internet of Things (IoT), Intelligent Platform & Services (IPS), Mobile Computing Solutions (MCS), and Network and Communication Solutions (NCS). This strategic deployment enables to offer time-to-market, time-to-solution products and service without compromising cost.
In addition, the service-to-market business model gives core competence to build a strong world-class service network by providing customized service, global logistics, local access, and real-time support. Operating six subsidiaries, from China, Italy, Japan, Taiwan, the United States, to the United Kingdom, is able to better facilitate customers' requirements as well as closely work with global partners in different regions.
Partners should also be assured that NEXCOM's Taiwan based Headquarters and subsidiary offices in China, and have obtained 9001:2008 Certification.
To become the industrial leader in providing intelligent solutions, utilizes its industry leading technology, localized customer support and worldwide logistics services. This will be achieved by:
quality partner in engineering, manufacturing and services
Aim to better support the activities of all its partners, divides its sales force into six dedicated business units to target rapidly expanding vertical markets. This enhances each business unit concentrating on strategic channel accounts and on repeat order business. Moreover, NEXCOM's business units have been set up to serve the requirements of key project accounts, where product and project support are frequently required.
is working with embedded computing solution providers to envision new opportunities for growth. We'll help you deliver reliable vertical solutions, optimized for the next wave of Ioand Industry 4.0.
24/7 Production Line Optimal Manufacturing Efficiency
Over a decade ago, successfully launched the series of Single Board Computers onto the market, and in doing so, gained a solid reputation for product quality and innovation. In subsequent years, has enhanced its reputation for R&excellence with a multitude of high-end products, which has cemented as one of the industry leaders for R&and innovation.
The mission of R&team is to design exceptional products that meet the stringent requirements of today's global markets. In order to achieve this goal, we have recruited hundreds of talented engineers who have the knowledge and expertise to make NEXCOM's products stand out in this highly competitive market.
offers solutions for Iogateway, robot controller, connected cars, Industry 4.0, and industrial security applications. The team is encouraged to "Think with New Ideas" and "Know how to make it and do it right first time". In addition, 's R&team has been expanded to over 300 engineers with the ration of software engineers to hardware engineers coming to about 1:1, and remains as one of core competences of the company.
Versatile Design Capabilities
High availability network security platform, blade, and cPCI
Rugged tablet computer and car PC
Ultra small footprint computer-on-module
Quality Assurance
Take a minute and tell us what you think!Contact Us
IoAutomation Partners
Cyber Physical System Partners
Software Solution Partners
works closely with worldwide channel partners to deliver products and services with speed, quality and reliability. provides the latest information to our customers and meets channel partners' needs in turn.
IoAutomation Partners
and Automation Partners provide system integration and total vertical market solutions for industrial applications.
Cyber Physical System Partners
has worked with Cyber Physical System Partners to offer comprehensive solutions to accelerate the convergence of operational and information technology.
joins the industry alliances and allows our customers to enjoy the synergy.
In alliance with well-established companies across industries, and partners strive to fulfill customer expectations, and by doing so achieve mutual growth.
Software Solution Partners
and software partners provide total solutions designed with functions that best suit customer need.
works closely with worldwide channel partners to deliver products and services with speed, quality and reliability. Find a nearby distributor right away.
Committed to Customer Success
