President's Message and Corporate Philosophy
Information contained in this press release is current as of the date of the announcement, but
is subject to change without prior notice.
Development of a Low Resistance Electric Double Layer Capacitor with a Wide Temperature Range: Category Temperature Range of -40 to +85°Achieved
High Withstand Voltage Product with 550 Rated Voltage Added to the "Series" Snap-in Type Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors
High Withstand Voltage Product with 550 Rated Voltage Added to the "Series" Long Life Snap-in Type Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors
φ5×8.0 mm Product Added to the "Series" Type Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors: Product Size Has Been Reduced by About 40% When Compared with Conventional Products
Conductive Polymer Hybrid Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitor: Development of the "(125°C)/(105°C) Series": That Provide One Rank Higher Capacitance in the Same Size
High Ripple Product Added to the "Series" Radial Lead Type Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Capacitors: Rated Ripple Current Increased by 35% Compared with Previous Product
Development of the "Series" Conductive Polymer Hybrid Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors: Guaranteed for 125°and with Improved Moisture Resistance
"Series" Radial Lead Type Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors: Up to Six Times the Ripple Current Compared with Conventional Products, Guaranteed for 3,000 Hours at 125°C
New Design Amorphous Coil "New Non-wire Wound 2Coil Product"
High Capacitance Low - Resistance Products [3,000 F, 0.3 mΩ (typ.)] Added to the Series
to Increase Production of Low- Resistance Electric Double Layer Capacitors ™ for Passenger Vehicles (94KB)
Successful Development of Transparent Polymer Electrodes: To be deployed in Platinum-Free Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells and many other applications (51KB)
Development of Series of SMD-Type Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors: 2000 to 4000 hours operation at 125°guaranteed and twice the lifetime of conventional products achieved (36KB)
Addition of Low-Profile Versions and Low-Versions to the Series of SMD-Type Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Capacitors (37KB)
Addition of Small-Size and Large-Capacitance Versions to the Series　of Lead-Type Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Capacitors: Capacitance increased by 46% over conventional products (37KB)
Development of Series of SMD-Type Conductive Polymer Hybrid Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitors: High reliability, high withstand voltage, compact in size, and low characteristics achieved (39KB)
to Supply Electric Double Layer Capacitors DLCAP
Relief Donation for Tohoku Region Pacific Coast Earthquake (14KB)
announces: The advanced new technology Nano-hybrid Capacitor (138KB)
Since its establishment in 1931, has tackled the development of a variety of electronic components, starting with aluminum electrolytic capacitors. As a supporter of this advanced electronic industry, we are very pleased to have contributed to its development.
The spreading of globalization has brought about a new era to the electronics industry. new market has opened on the world stage, new values have arisen, and a new race has begun.
By transforming itself even before changes take place and constructing a highly maneuverable and flexible management system, aims to create a corporate entity that is optimized to the times. This is because we believe our first mission is to develop products through observing present trends and envisioning future.
In this century of the environment, there is a demand for environment-conscious products that consider the earth and people. As an era that is full of change, we intend to seize this opportunity by making use of the technical skills we have fostered over the years to bring even greater resolve to developing products that create the trends.
will continue to use the development of small electronic components to address the challenge of creating a bright future.
Manufacturing and sales of various electronics equipment
Other businessGroup has shaped the Basic Policy regarding Information Security, positioning personal information as important information assets. Under the recognition of the importance and social responsibility of protecting it, we set the Privacy Policy herein, announce how we handle personal information in the concrete. We will continue to enforce the appropriate handling and protection of personal information provided.
Group acquires personal information by fair means and manner. We handle the information according to the original purpose, specifying and notifying or announcing the purpose of the use to the person to whom the information pertains to.
Group appoints chief information security officer and information security officer in each division and takes necessary and appropriate measure for securing personal information, ensuring that the information provided are not leaked or lost.
Group will not provide any obtained personal information to a third party without prior consent of the person to whom the information pertains to, except for the following cases:
Sharing of the personal information with affiliate companies of Group and subcontractors is necessary in order to achieve the objectives of usage. In that case, will instruct and supervise affiliate companies and subcontractors that have been deemed highly reliable;
Where the disclosure is required to protect the life, person, or property of an individual and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person in question;
Where the disclosure is particularly necessary to improve public health and sanitation or to promote the sound upbringing of children and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person in question;
Where it is necessary to cooperate with national or municipal agencies or parties commissioned by them in performing certain duties as stipulated by laws and regulations, when obtaining the consent of the person in question might adversely affect the performance of said duties.
Where the provision is necessary in accordance with inheritance of the business caused by merger, company split-up, or remaining causes.
Group continuously implements educational activities for our employees so that they can conduct appropriate management of personal information with the awareness of importance of it.
6. Observance of the Laws and Continuous Improvements
Group comply with the laws on personal information, reviews information security management cycle on a timely basis, and conducts activities to maintain and improve information security management. In case our privacy policy is revised, it will be announced through this Website.
Handling of personal information of Group employees is announced to them in another way.
For production and sales activities of products and related businesses
For collecting and provisioning information related to our products and services
For planning and making examination materials to improve our products and services
For responding to requests for brochures including a product catalog, and for responding to inquiries
For management and procedures related to shareholders: Sending notices of shareholders' meeting, payment of dividends
Please note that we might ask you to present your identity verification documents for responding to your inquiries.