Message from the CEO
Message from the CEO
Announcement Concerning Revisions to Projections for Consolidated Financial Results for the Full FY2018 
Consolidated Financial Results for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2018 (Japanese GAAP)
Announcement Concerning Revisions to Projections for Consolidated Financial Results for the Full FY2018 
Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended June 30, 2018 (Japanese GAAP) 
Announcement Concerning the Merger of Subsidiaries of a Consolidated Subsidiary 
Announcement Concerning Changes in Directors and Operating Officers of subsidiaries of 
Announcement Concerning Changes in Directors and Operating Officers 
Announcement Concerning Annual Dividend for 2017 
(114KB)
  and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Results for   Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018 (Japanese GAAP) 
Consolidated Financial Results for the Nine Months Ended December 31, 2017 (Japanese GAAP)
Announcement Concerning the Acquisition of Equity Interest in Nitto Denko (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. 
Announcement of Temporary Relocation 
Consolidated Financial Results for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2017 (Japanese GAAP)
Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended June 30, 2017 (Japanese GAAP) 
Announcement Concerning Revisions to Projections for Consolidated Financial Results for the First Six Months and Full-Year FY2017 
Announcement Concerning Changes in Directors and Operating Officers of subsidiaries of 
(114KB)<
Announcement Concerning Changes in Directors and Operating Officers 
  and Consolidated Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Results for   Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017 (Japanese GAAP) 
Announcement Concerning Revisions to Projections for Consolidated Financial Results for the Full FY2016 
Consolidated Financial Results for the Nine Months Ended December 31, 2016 (Japanese GAAP)
Consolidated Financial Results for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2016 (Japanese GAAP)
Donation to the Areas Devastated by the 2016 Central Tottori Earthquake
Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended June 30, 2016 (Japanese GAAP) 
Announcement Concerning Revisions to Projections for Consolidated Financial Results for the First Six Months and Full-Year FY2016 
Announcement Concerning Changes in Directors and Operating Officers of subsidiaries of 
Announcement Concerning Annual Dividend for 2015 
(114KB)
Announcement Concerning Changes in Directors and Operating Officers 
 is necessary for the files. 
Copyright(c)2014 CORPORATIONConcentrating Managerial Resources in Our Fields of Expertise to Become a Leading Parts Supplier
is Japan’s longest established oil seal manufacturer. Our functional parts such as oil seals and mechanical seals, created through advanced seal technology, are not only employed in the automotive industry but are also used in a wide range of other industries. We have developed into the leading company in the field in terms of reliability by leveraging the technology and know-how we have accumulated since the start of operations.
Also, as Japan’s first flexible printed circuit (FPC) manufacturer, we have greatly contributed to the development of smaller, lighter and better performing electronic devices. In 2004, we launched a new roller business to further foster the stable growth of our company.
Group is aiming to become a stronger and even more unique parts manufacturer by further improving the technologies that make up the foundation of our business operations, namely our sealing, FPC, and rolling technologies. Moreover, we are carrying out drastic cost-cutting measures throughout our business operations, from manufacturing to the frontline of sales, while making strenuous efforts to improve the quality of our products and services. We are committed to “making unique and useful products backed by technology in a competitive manner and supplying them throughout the globe in a reasonable way,” thereby becoming a highly profitable corporate group in which customers, shareholders, employees, suppliers, and all other stakeholders can take pride.
At the same time, to protect the natural environment for the next generation, we are also committed to careful environmental management and steadily fulfilling our social responsibilities as a corporate citizen.
What started out as a small town plant established in Kobe, Japan in 1939 has grown in to become a highly unique enterprise. The corporate culture of that original factory has been passed down through the generations to the 21st century, constantly inspiring employees of Group to be ambitious. Taking pride in our reputation as a “small-town factory born to be a great parts supplier,” we will continue to manage Group in an even more ambitious manner in this new century.
Masato Tsuru / Kiyoshi Doi
Copyright(c)2014 CORPORATIONConcentrating Managerial Resources in Our Fields of Expertise to Become a Leading Parts Supplier
is Japan’s longest established oil seal manufacturer. Our functional parts such as oil seals and mechanical seals, created through advanced seal technology, are not only employed in the automotive industry but are also used in a wide range of other industries. We have developed into the leading company in the field in terms of reliability by leveraging the technology and know-how we have accumulated since the start of operations.
Also, as Japan’s first flexible printed circuit (FPC) manufacturer, we have greatly contributed to the development of smaller, lighter and better performing electronic devices. In 2004, we launched a new roller business to further foster the stable growth of our company.
Group is aiming to become a stronger and even more unique parts manufacturer by further improving the technologies that make up the foundation of our business operations, namely our sealing, FPC, and rolling technologies. Moreover, we are carrying out drastic cost-cutting measures throughout our business operations, from manufacturing to the frontline of sales, while making strenuous efforts to improve the quality of our products and services. We are committed to “making unique and useful products backed by technology in a competitive manner and supplying them throughout the globe in a reasonable way,” thereby becoming a highly profitable corporate group in which customers, shareholders, employees, suppliers, and all other stakeholders can take pride.
At the same time, to protect the natural environment for the next generation, we are also committed to careful environmental management and steadily fulfilling our social responsibilities as a corporate citizen.
What started out as a small town plant established in Kobe, Japan in 1939 has grown in to become a highly unique enterprise. The corporate culture of that original factory has been passed down through the generations to the 21st century, constantly inspiring employees of Group to be ambitious. Taking pride in our reputation as a “small-town factory born to be a great parts supplier,” we will continue to manage Group in an even more ambitious manner in this new century.
Masato Tsuru / Kiyoshi Doi
Message from the CEO
Overseas Group Companies
¥729,300 million (Consolidated / FY2017)
Manufacturing, importing, and selling seal products, industrial mechanical parts, hydraulic and pneumatic equipment, nuclear power equipment, synthetic chemical products, and electronic and various other products; installation work and others.
Masato Tsuru
Chairman of the Board
President and Representative  Director
Representative and Senior Managing Director
Yasuhiko Kuroki
Representative and Senior Managing Director
Akira Watanabe
Senior Managing Director
Senior Managing Director
Toshifumi Kobayashi
Atsushi Kajitani
Senior Operating Officer
Operating Officer
Yukio Yamazaki
Japan Bearing Production Co., Ltd. is founded in Kobe. (The company name is changed to Nippon Yushi Industry Co., Ltd. in 1944.)
Tokyo Oil Seal Industry Co., Ltd. merges with Nippon Yushi Industry Co., Ltd. and the company name is changed to Nippon Oil Seal Industry Co., Ltd. (Later named CORPORATION), capital of ¥7 million.
Head office and Tokyo Plant are relocated to Ota-ku, Tokyo.
is listed on the Tokyo and Nagoya stock exchanges.
Nippon Sealol Co., Ltd. is established as a subsidiary.(Currently known as CO., LTD., one of affiliated companies)
Head office is relocated to 1-12-15 Shiba Daimon, Minato-ku, Tokyo.
NOK-USA, Inc. is founded as an American subsidiary.(The company name is changed to in January 1980.)
Singapore Oil Seal Co. is established as a Singaporean subsidiary.
takes an equity stake in Ru Brazil (Brazil). (The company name is changed to in July 1988.)
takes an equity stake in CO., (Korea).
The company name of Nippon Oil Seal Industry Co., Ltd. is changed to CORPORATION.
Mektec Corp. (Taiwan) Pte. Ltd. is established as a Taiwanese sub-subsidiary.
Eagle Korea Co., Ltd. is established as a Korean subsidiary.
CO., Ltd. is established as a Thai subsidiary.
EG&Optoelectronics Co., Ltd. is established as a subsidiary. (The company name is changed to in January 2000.)
FREUDENBERG-is established as a joint venture between the subsidiary Co., Ltd. of Co. and Inc.
takes an equity stake in Freudenberg Angus (UK). (The company name is changed to in January 1993.)
Co., is established as an affiliated company in Singapore.
Mektec Corp. (Thailand) Pte. Ltd. is established as a Thai sub-subsidiary.
NOK-CO., is established as an affiliated company in China.
takes an equity stake in NOK-CO., in China.
CO., is established as a Singaporean subsidiary.
Mektec Corp. (Zhuhai) Pte. Ltd. is established as a Chinese sub-subsidiary.
takes an equity stake in & Co. (Germany).
Sigma Freudenberg Ltd. is established in India a as affiliated company.
(Wuxi) Seal Products Co., Ltd. is established as a Chinese subsidiary.
Precision Component Thailand Co., Ltd. is established as a Thai subsidiary.
The company name of Singapore Oil Seal Co. is changed to Precision Component Singapore.
a subsidiary company, spins off CO., LTD.
(Wuxi) Vibracoustic China Co., Ltd. is established as a subsidiary.
Mektec Corp. (Suzhou) Pte. Ltd. is established as a Chinese subsidiary of a sub-subsidiary.
All shares of Ishino Gasket Manufacturing Co., Ltd. are acquired as a consolidated subsidiary.
All shares of Hokushin are acquired as a consolidated subsidiary.
All shares of Nitto Kogyo Co., Ltd. are acquiredas a consolidated subsidiary.
NOK's Electronics sales department transferred to LTD.
is established as a result of a merger between Hokushin Corp. and Nitto Kogyo Co., Ltd.
