uses cookies to help us give you the best experience on our website.  To learn more, please visit our cookie and privacy policy pages.
The cookie is used in context with the local-storage function in the browser. This function allows the website to load faster by pre-loading certain procedures.
Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings.
Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.
Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
Used to throttle the speed of requests to the server.
Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics.
Registers a unique that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Registers a unique that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
thomsonreuterscorporategroupweb.d2.sc.omtrdc.net
Registers a unique that identifies the user's device for return visits.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Geolocation, which is used to help providers determine how users who share information with each other are geographically located (state level).
Detects how often the social sharing service, AddThis, encounters the same user.
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
This cookie is used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. It tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Ensures that the updated counter is displayed to the user if a page is shared with the social sharing service, AddThis.
Collects anonymous statistical data related to the user's website visits, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded. The purpose is to segment the website's users according to factors such as demographics and geographical location, in order to enable media and marketing agencies to structure and understand their target groups to enable customised online advertising.
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Sets a unique for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
Registers a unique on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical location.
Registers a unique that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites.
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content - This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
Visit our distributor Cupio to learn more about DAGE's X-ray and systems = Stand E110
