Announces Webcast, Conference Call of Fourth Quarter and 2018 Financial Results
Announces Webcast, Conference Call of Fourth Quarter and 2018 Financial Results
Jan 31 @ 12 Noon ETClick on one or more of the questions below to expand the menu and show the answer.
is a leading global security company providing innovative systems, products and solutions in autonomous systems, cyber, C4ISR, space, strike, and logistics and modernization to customers worldwide.
Net sales in 2017 were $25.8 billion.
How do Apply for a Job at Grumman?
The most efficient way is to go through our Careers site, where you can search all of the job openings at Grumman. Specific instructions are given on how to apply for the position that                   interests you.
Aircraft Company was incorporated in 1939. It has acquired companies that began operating before that date. Below is a partial list of the major companies acquired since 1994. To read more about our                   successful integration of nearly 20 marquee companies, visit our Heritage section.
Major Companies Acquired / Acquisition Date:
  • Westinghouse Radio (incorporated 1938) / March 1996
  • Litton Industries Inc. (incorporated 1953) / April 2001
For more information about our various products, programs, services, go to our Capabilities page or see our A-to-                  List .
focuses a substantial portion of its contributions budget on programs which address education, the family, diversity, health and human services and youth programs. Please see the Corporate Responsibility section for more information.
What is the Stock Ticker Symbol, and on Which Exchanges is Your Stock Traded?
The trading symbol is Its common stock is listed on the New York and Pacific Stock Exchanges.
When is the Annual Shareholders Meeting?
This meeting is held on the third Wednesday of May.
Dividend announcements are released on the third Wednesday of February, May, August and November. For more detailed information, go to our Investor Relations home                   page.Your Browser Does Not Support Iframes
At Grumman, Innovation Isn't Just An Idea — It's Way of Life. Scroll Down to Learn More About Our People, Our Heritage and Our Capabilities. You Just Might be Amazed.
is a leading global security company providing innovative systems, products and solutions in autonomous systems, cyber, C4ISR, space, strike, and logistics and modernization to customers worldwide.
Autonomous is a premier provider of autonomous on land, at sea, in the air, and in space. These unmanned aircraft, satellites and space systems, and advanced technologies are critical to our national security. Autonomous operate in areas and environments where manned vehicles cannot, allowing for prolonged missions, and helping reduce risk to human lives. 
has been battling cyber threats for more than 30 years and, through aggressive technology investments in key research areas such as identity management, situational awareness, modeling and simulation, cloud security, and supply chain, has a deep understanding of the breadth and complexity of cyber. It is embedded in everything we do. 
is a leading provider of C4that are the backbone of operations and of decision making. Our provide situational awareness from planning to execution. We deliver analysis through to advanced communications payloads and integrated solutions that support the and allied forces across the globe. 
For more than 60 years, has been pioneering the innovative that defined the future of space. Our survivable and rapidly reconfigurable give our partners the critical support they need for mission assurance. From advanced threat detection to secure communications, we're building the technology that will win the future of space. 
As a leader in integrated strike systems, brings world-class capabilities in system design, engineering, manufacturing, and sustainment. The ability to project power, strategically, anywhere in the world is an essential tenet of the military. Our platforms like the 
 stealth bomber and the bomber for the future, the 
is a leading provider of logistics solutions supporting the full lifecycle of platforms and for global defense and federal-civil customers, delivering innovative, technology-driven solutions and services to enable cost-effective improvements for customer mission effectiveness. 
With approximately 85,000 employees in all 50 states and in more than 25 countries, we strive to attract and retain the best employees by providing an inclusive work environment wherein employees are receptive to diverse ideas, perspectives and talents to help solve our toughest customer challenges: to develop and maintain some of the most technically sophisticated products, programs and services in the world.
There is a new spirit of success in the company — and it is translating into a flow of innovative ideas that reminds me every day how humbling it is to work with such an amazing group of people.
Our story is the successful integration of nearly 20 marquee companies, developing groundbreaking  innovations – such as the Flying Wing and the 
 – while  also achieving numerous historic accomplishments – from transporting Charles Lindbergh across the Atlantic to carrying astronauts to the moon's surface and back. Making history is what we do.
The women and men of are guided by Our Values. They describe our company as we  want it to be. We want our decisions and actions to demonstrate these Values. We believe that putting Our Values into practice creates long-term benefits for shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, and the communities we serve.
At Grumman, we are committed to maintaining the highest of 
, and striving to be an ideal 
 in the community and in the world.
We are honored to be recognized for our dedication to excellence and a diverse and inclusive workforce. From the prestigious 
 to our efforts as a Top 100 Military Friendly employer and one of America's premier organizations for diversity, equality and the disabled, you can see why is continually recognized as one of the best places to work in the world.
is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. Citizenship is required for most positions. For our complete EEO/and Pay Transparency statement, please visit Common Requests
Click on one or more of the questions below to expand the menu and show the answer.
To apply for a job, visit our Careers site. For updates regarding the status of your application, access your profile . For additional information, connect with us on social media .
Benefits & You OnLine is your single-source for benefits information for Grumman. To learn more about our benefits, please select the option below that reflects your current status with Grumman:
For company product and program information, members of the news media may contact the following:
To reach the OpenLine , call (800) 247-4952 toll-free and anonymously. Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. To ask ethics-related questions, voice concerns or report a suspected violation of our Standards of Business Conduct, use our secure Web Reporting Tool . For a complete listing of International OpenLine numbers, visit our Ethics and Business Conduct page .
During times of severe weather or other calamities, affected area employees are encouraged to call the Emergency Information Line at (800) 995-4318 for facility information and alternate work arrangement guidance. For the latest weather conditions in your area, go to www.weather.gov .
If you want to leave a comment, find an error or are experiencing trouble accessing any of the content on this Internet site, let us know by connecting with us on social media . To help us solve the issue quickly, please provide the type of device (Windows, Mac, SmartPhone, Tablet, etc.), the browser (Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Opera, Internet Explorer, etc.) you are using, and the or page address where you are experiencing the issue. Thanks!Your Browser Does Not Support Iframes
Our far-reaching contract line-up makes your gateway to a broad range of systems, services, and solutions. These contract vehicles enable government clients to tailor services to meet specific needs while utilizing Grumman's world class capabilities. Our long history of successful contract management and sales support has made us a leading supplier to the federal government. Some information below is in format (
Advanced Technology Support Program (ATSP)
ITES-3(Army) (W52P1J-18-D-A137)
One Acquisition Solution for Integrated Services (OASIS)
My ProfileThis section of the Web site represents the successful integration of more than 20 marquee companies into an enterprise that covers the entire battlespace spectrum, from undersea to outer space and into cyberspace. The companies that are part of today’s achieved historic accomplishments, from transporting Charles Lindbergh across the Atlantic to carrying astronauts to the moon’s surface and back .
Scroll down to read about significant dates in each organization's history — milestones that together make up Grumman’s proud and unparalleled heritage.
leading designer and manufacturer of strikingly original aircraft, this company pioneered the Flying Wing concept, which culminated in the B-2 stealth bomber
John “Jack” Northrop, a skilled and innovative designer, forms Aircraft Incorporated in Hawthorne, Calif.
builds its first aircraft, the N-3patrol bomber, for the Norwegian Air Force
First flight of the successor to the P-61, the F-89 Scorpion, a heavily-armed, all-weather fighter-interceptor and one of the world's first jet fighters
First flight of the F-5, a supersonic fighter combining low cost, ease of maintenance and great versatility. delivers the first fighter to the Air Force in 1964. The company develops several versions of the plane, which will be used by militaries in more than 30 countries
To reflect the changing character of its business, Aircraft Incorporated changes its name to 1960
The T-38 supersonic trainer enters service. It will be used to train more than 68,000 Air Force pilots and thousands of foreign pilots
First flight of the F-20 Tigershark, an advanced version of the F-5; this aircraft could be airborne 60 seconds after an alert, the fastest scramble time of any fighter in the world
First flight of the B-2 stealth bomber, a descendent of Jack Northrop's flying wing design
First flight of the YF-23, another aircraft with stealth characteristics that is unofficially known as Black Widow II
The company receives the Robert Collier Trophy (with the B-2 Industry Team and the United States Air Force) for the design, development, production, and flight testing of the B-2 aircraft. The Collier Trophy is the most prestigious aviation award, annually given for the greatest achievement in aeronautics or astronautics Back To Top
The defense industry in the early 1990s was in flux.
Given the new challenges facing the world, defense enterprises knew they either had to grow or be acquired. The elected to grow. The first step was to acquire in 1994.
premier military aircraft integrator and builder of the Lunar Module that first delivered men to the surface of the moon
The XFF-1 is the first Navy fighter with fully retractable landing gear (which designed) and fully enclosed cockpit
First flight of the Wildcat incorporating the sto-wing design
becomes the first aircraft company to receive the Navy flag for production efficiency
introduces the F6Hellcat; Hellcat pilots account for 55 percent of all enemy aircraft destroyed by the Navy and Marines in World War II
The F9Panther jet prototype makes its first flight
Leroy receives the Presidential Medal of Merit for wartime production
First flight of the Jaguar, the first variable sweep-wing fighter
The A-6 Intruder attack aircraft prototype makes its first flight
E-2Hawkeye's first flight; this aircraft becomes the Navy's only airborne early warning and control platform
First flight of the EA-6 Electric Intruder, the company's first airborne electronic attack aircraft that led to the Navy and Marine Prowlers, was built for the Marines
The Vietnam War sees the A-6 Intruder, the world's only all-weather attack bomber used by Navy and Marine Corps squadrons
The Apollo Lunar Module carries man to the surface of the moon
In the last days of the Vietnam War, the F-14, in its first deployment with Enterprise, flies top cover during the evacuation of Saigon
First flight of the EF-111A, designed to detect, sort, identify and nullify different enemy radars.
world leader in the development and production of sophisticated electronic for the nation's defense, civil aviation, and other international and domestic applications
Westinghouse more than doubles its manufacturing area in its Baltimore location to accommodate production of the highly-secret SCR-270 aircraft warning radar
An SCR-270 radar detects the December 7 attack on Pearl Harbor; its warnings go unheeded because of high-level uncertainty about the new technology's reliability. The first ground-based radar built for the Army Signal Corps, the SCR-270 will be the only model to stay in action throughout all of World War II
The Radio Division manufactures approximately 50 products during the war. Until 1942, most of this is radio equipment; later production shifts to radar products. Wartime production includes ground-based and naval radio and radar, electronic fuses, and torpedoes
The company patents the key technologies for pulse doppler radar, making possible airborne that can detect both stationary and moving targets, determine range, and distinguish targets from background clutter. Pulse Doppler is the basis for all airborne radars in use today
The company designs and develops a miniaturized black-and-white camera that captures images from the Lunar Module
The world's first solid-state radar, the AN/APQ-120, is produced by the company
Westinghouse is selected to design, build and test the radar for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter
Acquired by Grumman; today, it is part of our Mission sector Back To Top
Logicon Provider of military and commercial information and services to meet the needs of its national defense, civil and industrial customers
Eight engineers who work for Southern California aerospace companies found Logicon Incorporated with the goal of applying computer technology to national defense needs
First prime contract win to directly support the Tactical Data System, beginning the company's long and successful relationship with the Navy
Logicon lands the Air Force contract to support the Titan space booster program
The company notches its first competitive contract award win – the Advanced Targeting Study for the Air Force
Logicon produces process control for the Postal Service - including computers, electronics and software - that will automate mail handling at 21 bulk mail centers throughout the United States. The company develops software for the Air Force's ballistic missile program, verifies and validates software for Air Force weapon systems, and develops large-scale simulation for the Navy
Logicon acquires R&Associates, whose focus is on policy issues, research into nuclear weapons effects, analysis of national intelligence collection and energy problems. This acquisition increases company's size by about 50 percent and adds a new customer base
The company acquires Operating Incorporated; Chase, Rosen and Wallace; Eagle Technology; and Fourth Generation Technology Incorporated, which brings expertise in message text handling, information dissemination, interoperability, and fourth-generation software programming languages. During this period, the company supports the Strategic Defense Initiative and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Acquires Syscon Corporation, which specializes in support to the Navy, most notably on the program and the Naval Sea Command.
Acquired by Grumman; today it is part of our Mission sector Back To Top
world leader in the design, development and manufacture of unmanned airborne reconnaissance, surveillance, deception and target Year
Claude Ryan founds the Ryan Flying Company
1925 The company is incorporated as Ryan Airlines with partner Mahoney
group of St. Louis investors asks Ryan if he can build a plane for a nonstop transatlantic trip within 60 days. He accepts the challenge and produces the Spirit of St. Louis, which Charles Lindbergh flies across the Atlantic 1928 Siemens, which wishes to establish its own distributorship in the United States, buys out Ryan for $75,000 1931 With the funds received from the Siemens purchase, Ryan starts the Ryan School of Aeronautics; the school will train thousands of World War Army pilots, very likely becoming the largest contract flying school in the nation
Ryan Aeronautical Company is formed; the Ryan School of Aeronautics eventually becomes a subsidiary
First flight of the Ryan ST, the first design by the new company
The company wins important experimental aircraft contracts and is one of the early leaders in the emerging missile and unpiloted-aircraft fields. During this period, Ryan also pioneers Doppler and lunar landing radar 1948 Ryan wins a competition for a new jet-powered Air Force target, originally known as the Q-2. This target becomes know as the “Firebee” 1956 The Air Force sponsors the Ryan X-13 Vertijet vertical-takeoff-and-landing high-performance combat aircraft 1959 The Q-2 Firebee is upgraded to its definitive airframe configuration and is given the designation of BQM-34 1962 The Cuban missile crisis results in a program to equip the Ryan BQM-34 with a camera after the loss of a U-2 aircraft over Cuba 1965-1975 During the Vietnam conflict, more than 1,000 Ryan “Lightning Bug” Remotely Piloted Vehicles fly 3,435 combat missions 1968 Ryan is acquired by Teledyne Incorporated
Ryan develops the AQM-98Compass Cope High Altitude Long Endurance (HALE) Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). This vehicle sets a world jet record by flying 28 hours 11 minutes 12 seconds, a record that eventually is broken by the company's RQ-4Global Hawk 1996 Allegheny merges with Teledyne and Teledyne Ryan Aeronautical becomes an operating division of Allegheny-Teledyne Incorporated 1998 First flight of the RQ-4Global Hawk, a high-altitude, long-endurance unmanned aerial reconnaissance system designed to provide military field commanders with high-resolution, near real-time imagery of large geographic areas
Acquired by Grumman; today it is part of our Aerospace sector Back To Top
global electronics and information technology enterprise, and one of the nation's leading full-service design, engineering, construction, and life cycle supporters of major surface ships for the Navy, Coast Guard, and international navies
Litton acquires Western Geophysical Company of America, giving the company a strong position in seismic exploration
Litton purchases Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation, paving the way for stellar success in shipbuilding
More than 10 Litton components are utilized on the 12 two-man flights that compose Project Gemini. The project's purpose is to test astronauts' ability to maneuver spacecraft by manual control, a vital precursor to the Apollo moon missions
Ingalls begins ship production in newly built modular construction facility, a method Ingalls pioneers in the Modular shipbuilding allows pre-outfitting of the interior prior to the final joining of the sections that form the hull; also this year, the company lands the largest single contract in the history of American shipbuilding $2.1 billion for 30 Navy Spruance-class destroyers
Ingalls designs, builds and delivers 41 surface combat ships to the Navy, more than all other domestic shipyards combined
Litton builds Ticonderoga-class ships with Aegis weapons systems, the most advanced air defense, radar and missile system in the world at the time
The company becomes a major supplier of night vision goggles to the Army and law enforcement agencies
Litton produces its 20,000th inertial navigation system, a milestone in aviation history
The company creates the first laser radar used in space as part of the Department of Defense's Strategic Defense Initiative
Litton acquires companies to strengthen its presence in information systems, marine electronics and commercial electronics
The company acquires Avondale shipyard, thus strengthening its position in support vessels and shipbuilding
The nation's sole designer, builder and refueler of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and one of only two companies capable of designing and building nuclear-powered submarines
Newport News Shipbuilding delivers its first ship, a tugboat named Dorothy
Newport News delivers three warships to the Navy – Nashville, Wilmington and Helena
President Theodore Roosevelt sends 16 battleships on an around-the-world voyage to demonstrate United States military might; Newport News has built 7 of these ships
In the waters off Newport News, Eugene Ely successfully flies his Curtiss-Hudson plane off the cruiser Birmingham, proving the feasibility of the aircraft carrier
Ranger, the first ship to be designed as an aircraft carrier from the keel up, is delivered to the Navy
The Navy orders seven additional aircraft carriers and four cruisers from the company
Newport News receives the Navy’s prestigious pennant for its tremendous contributions during the World War and excellence in ship construction
Newport News builds the famous passenger liner United States, which sets a transatlantic speed record that stands today
Together with Westinghouse and the Navy, the company develops and builds a prototype nuclear reactor for a carrier propulsion system
The company launches Robert Lee, its first nuclear-powered Polaris ballistic missile submarine. The Shark, the company’s first nuclear-powered attack submarine, is launched early the following year.
Newport News partners with the Navy to design and launch the first nuclear-powered supercarrier, Enterprise, the largest, most powerful, most modern ship of all time
The company again expands its operations, investing $250 million in the development of a new North Yard; in the new yard, Newport News builds two of the largest tankers ever constructed in the western hemisphere and also constructs three liquefied natural gas carriers
The shipyard turns out a variety of Navy products, including Nimitz-class nuclear aircraft carriers and Los Angeles-class nuclear attack submarines
Tenneco initiates the spinoff of Newport News into an independent company; on December 12, 1996, Newport News begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange
leading developer of military and civil space and satellite payloads, as well as a leading global integrator of complex, mission-enabling and services
Under the visionary leadership of Charles Thompson, the company name changes to the Steel Products Company and finally to Thompson Products Inc., which makes automobile valves
The company, later called TRW, wins a contract to oversee the Air Force program
Pioneer 1 becomes the first spacecraft built by an industrial contractor
The company supplies lunar module descent engines for Apollo moon-landing missions
Pioneer 10, launched in 1972, becomes the first manmade object to leave the solar system
builds the Compton Gamma Ray Observatory to collect cosmic data
Milstar, the next generation of military communications satellites, is launched. TRW-led team provides the low-data-rate communications payload
Pioneer 6 records 30 years in space as the world's oldest operating spacecraft
laser shoots down a short-range rocket in flight
The TRW-built Chandra X-ray Observatory reveals a wealth of new discoveries, including some of the most distant objects ever seen in the universe
The Tactical High Energy Laser is the first system to repeatedly detect, track and destroy salvos of rockets fired in succession
During this period, also added these enterprises to the company (year):
Inter-National Research Institute (1998) — Specialists in command and control, tracking, data fusion, and mapping for the Department of Defense; today it is part of the Mission sector
California Microwave (1999) — Specialists in airborne reconnaissance and surveillance systems, government ground-based satellite communications systems, communications gateway systems, and mission planning; today it is part of the Mission sector
Data Procurement (1999) — Providers of services and support to the Department of Defense and various intelligence agencies within the Government; today it is part of the Mission sector
Comptek Research Incorporated (2000) — leading supplier of electronic warfare and information dominance technologies for and international defense customers; today it is part of all sectors
Federal Data (2000) — leading integrator and supplier of information technology to the federal government; today it is part of the Mission sector
Sterling Software Incorporated (2000) — Provider of information technology services to the federal government's defense and intelligence agencies; today it is part of the Mission sector
Aerojet General Corporation's Electronics and Information Group (2001) — Manufacturer of spaceborne sensors for early warning systems, weather systems, and ground systems; builder of smart weapons technology for defense programs; today it is part of the Mission sector
Fibersense Technology (2002) — Designer and manufacturer of precision fiber optic gyroscopes, inertial measurement units, and sensor components for missile, aircraft, sea, and land applications; today it is part of the Mission sector
XonTech (2003) — Science and technology firm specializing in missile defense, and sensor and intelligence data analysis; today it is part of the Mission sector
Illgen Simulation Technologies (2003) — Specialist in software development and test, navigation and communications; today it is part of the Mission sector
Integic (2005) — An information technology provider specializing in enterprise health and business process management solutions; today it is part of the Mission sector
Essex (2007) — Provider of signal processing services and products and advanced optoelectronic imaging for government intelligence and defense customers; today it is part of the Mission sector
Scaled Composites, (2007) — An aerospace and specialty composites development company located in Mojave, Calif., with broad experience in vehicle design, tooling, and manufacturing; specialty composite structure design, analysis and fabrication; and developmental flight test; today it is a business venture that is part of the Aerospace sector
3001 International (2008) — Provider of geospatial data production and analysis, including airborne imaging, surveying, mapping and geographic information for domestic and international government intelligence, defense and civilian customers; today it is part of the Mission sector
M5 Network Security (2012) — Provider of a broad range of cybersecurity and other professional services to governments, large corporate entities and defense departments; today it is part of the Mission sector
Qantas Defence Services Pty Limited (2014) — Now called Integrated Defence Services Pty Limited (IDS), a provider of integrated logistics, sustainment and modernization support primarily to Australian Government and military customers; operates as a part of Australia and is strategically aligned with the Integrated Logistics and Modernization division of Technology Services
Orbital (2018) —  global leader in affordable, reliable and innovative space, defense and flight that are designed to enable national security, civil government and commercial customers to achieve their critical missions; today it is part of the Innovation sector
To view, click on either the image or the title below (in Format)
Legacy Aircraft part of American Advances in Aviation
On July 29, 2005, the Postal Service issued a set of commemorative postage stamps depicting 10 classic American aircraft from the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s. Two of the planes listed are legacy aircraft: the F6Hellcat and the YB-49 Flying Wing.
The carrier-based F6Hellcat met with perfection the requirements that had dictated its simple and straightforward design. The robust and maneuverable fighter was easy to mass produce and maintain.Your Browser Does Not Support Iframes
To view one of the annual reports, click on either the image or the title listed below. All annual reports are in format (Adobe Acrobat Reader required). To view additional Financial Reports, 
Grumman's Analysis Center is a small, corporate "think tank" charged with broad-ranging analyses of defense policy, military threats, industry competitors, military doctrine, operational concepts, and present and future business opportunities. It has been characterized as "an essential capability for Grumman, providing integrated assessments regarding technology development, industry trends, and long-term priorities of our customer community."
The Corporate Responsibility Report is designed to communicate Grumman’s commitment to social responsibility, and the company’s direction and growth as a socially-conscious enterprise.
The Value of Performance Begins with Responsibility
The 2017 Corporate Responsibility Report describes our goals and progress in 2017, and highlights many of our employees’ impactful and innovative activities that are driving sustainability, including: Diversity, The Environment, Ethics, Supply Chain, and Education.
2014 Corporate Responsibility Report with Executive Summary
2011 Corporate Responsibility Report with Executive Summary
2010 Corporate Responsibility Report with Executive Summary
2009 Corporate Social Responsibility Report with Executive Summary
2008 Corporate Social Responsibility Report with Executive Summary
2007 Corporate Social Responsibility Report with Executive Summary
Environmental, Social and Governance and Sustainability Resources:
Environmental, Social and Governance Performance Data Matrix
(Formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project)
Cybersecurity Resources for Suppliers
Grumman's business sectors offer an extraordinary portfolio of capabilities and technologies that enable us to deliver innovative and solutions for applications that range from undersea to outer space and into cyberspace.
Aerospace is a premier provider of military aircraft, autonomous and space and next-generation solutions to assist our customers worldwide, preserve freedom and advance human discovery. 
Innovation is a global leader in affordable, reliable and innovative space, defense and flight that are designed to enable national security, civil government and commercial customers to achieve their critical missions. 
Mission is a leading global provider, manufacturer and integrator of advanced, secure and agile software-defined and solutions. Our differentiated C4and cyber solutions deliver timely, mission-enabling information and provide superior situational awareness and understanding to protect the and its global allies. 
Technology Services is a global provider of innovative,cost effective solutions. From sustainment and modernization, supply chain management, training and simulation, and high technology services, we offer a full-spectrum of support. 
At Grumman, global corporate responsibility is a key component of our business and operating strategies. We take pride in conducting our business with a broad perspective, taking into account our customers, our employees, our shareholders, and the environment and communities in which we operate.
As we continue to grow as a company, we remain committed to maintaining the highest of ethical standards, embracing diversity and becoming an ideal corporate citizen. We do so by implementing our core values: taking responsibility for the 
as a company and as individuals, acting with 
in all we do, valuing our 
People at Awards and Recognition
Reaffirmation of Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policies
, Corporate Vice President and Chief Global Business Officer.
As a leading global security company we are  committed to being at the forefront of technology and innovation, delivering  superior capability in tandem with maximized cost efficiencies. This includes  our markets around the world where we continue to expand our international  presence, strengthen our international partnerships and broaden our focus to  one that is increasingly global.
We have a range of industry-leading capabilities for markets around the world and sell products and services to customers in 25 nations. With a well-established  international presence outside the United States we maintain a network of  offices and local businesses serving customers in Europe, the Middle East and  Asia Pacific regions.
Through our corporate offices in Abu Dhabi, Canberra, London, Riyadh, Seoul and Tokyo, where our country chief executives are based, and our network of regional offices in Europe and in Singapore, Taipei and New Delhi, we deliver products, technologies and services to help meet the national  security needs of our customers.
Unmanned  Unmanned  capabilities have been transformational in the past ten years. For nations in a  more contingent posture, it is going to be more critical than ever to be  ‘eyes-on’ while maintaining the potential to be ‘hands-on’. We have stepped up  our capability to meet these challenges. Not only can offer  the ultimate ‘eyes-on’ capability with the combat-proven Global Hawk high  altitude long endurance unmanned surveillance platform, but we also provide  medium altitude solutions such as the operationally deployed rotary wing Fire  Scout system. Global Hawk has also been adapted to respond to the Navy’s  Broad Area Maritime Surveillance (BAMS) requirement and and  the Navy are well into the initial flight test programme for the Triton  In addition to humanitarian assistance and supporting disaster relief efforts,  Global Hawk has logged more than 100,000 flight hours, 75% of which have been  on active deployment over battlefields in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya. And  beyond ‘eyes-on’, our ground breaking X-47development project is regarded  as leading the way in future ‘hands-on’ unmanned technology.
Defence and security now form a continuum, with  cyber and civil security requiring the integrated capabilities of military,  civil authorities, and intelligence agencies to combat highly dynamic and  complex threats. works seamlessly across this spectrum,  leveraging our technology across domains. Whether in identity management and  access, surveillance and intelligence gathering, continuous monitoring, insider  threat detection, network defence, management and exploitation of massive  datasets, command and control systems, or network architectures, we are  breaking down the intellectual challenges posed by ephemeral cyber and digital  threats and establishing robust infrastructures and intelligence services to counter  them. 
Fully integrated battlespace networks have been a vision for many years but progress  in realising this vision has been slow. In the aftermath of recent conflicts  the challenge is to bring the lessons learned back into core defence programmes  so that future operations are served by networks already configured to support  high tempo, dynamic, complex operational scenarios in remote environments. Harmonised  and architectures, standardisation and ubiquitous communications are  all fundamental to delivering effect in future conflicts, especially where  nations are operating in concert. Grumman’s core skills in information  systems, communications networks and truly open system architectures which are  sensor, effector, and system agnostic are without parallel. Our proven and  fielded information and integrated communications networks demonstrate  how we are leading the market.
  Today,  operations in the land environment are dominated by the need for pervasive communications  and the ability to move large amounts of data and information at high speed to a  huge diversity of users. Grumman’s core capabilities and experience in  data management, open-system networks, tactical communications and joint  environments unsurprisingly position us as a leader in land C4ISR.
   has a long history in supplying advanced maritime C4systems. We are  leaders in marine navigation systems, integrated platform management  and integrated bridge systems, maritime command and control applications,  underwater including wet-end sensors and signal processing for submarines  and mine countermeasures.
  Grumman’s air C4capabilities range from the most advanced EO/and radar  sensors, and highly innovative airborne communications technologies, through to  integrated such as the Litening targeting pod and F-35’s mission systems.  Our C4are installed and deployed on numerous mission-critical air platforms  around the world.
  Our  C4extend into space; from secure military SatCom payloads,  operational planning systems, engineering, spacecraft manufacturing,  precision sensors, space instrument design to ground stations development and  orbiting space platforms, Grumman’s space capabilities cover a galaxy  of mission types.
Our innovative logistics solutions enable effectiveness  and global mission readiness – while remaining cost-effective and affordable. From  modernisation and sustainment such as the F-16 radar upgrade, supply chain  management, training and simulation to special fit and automated test  equipment, we offer a full-spectrum of support to meet any mission requirement. Behind every product and service you’ll find a team of experts with front-line experience,  prepared to provide support wherever the mission goes.
has a long history of working with universities, small companies, suppliers,  and other organizations during the  development of defense, homeland security and other critical programs. You  can view a summary of our core capabilities and programs by clicking on  the 
 link. The Innovation Network encourages  partnerships with the most innovative of these organizations to work with  in the development of the next-generation of these critical programs. 
Specific technical areas is looking for  innovation partners
Innovation resources available at Organizations through which external innovators can interact  with and discuss more
Innovation Partnerships with Universities
Innovation Partnerships with Small Businesses and Suppliers
Calls for Innovation
SideNav for Innovation Network
Surplus Property Available for Sale
Surplus Property Available for Sale
 Corporation. All rights reserved.Doing what is right because it is the right thing to do is the foundation of Grumman’s business culture. The reputation that our Company has earned for high legal and ethical standards is one of our greatest business assets. Our goal has never been solely to comply with the law, but to abide by the highest principles of integrity and concern for others.
We strive to conduct business in ways that reflect our Standards of Business Conduct – collectively as a company and as individual employees within the company. Through communications and training, we continually link individuals – including business associates – to Our Values . We must not sacrifice our integrity to achieve business objectives.
Our sense of ethics and doing what is right are the cornerstones of Grumman’s exemplary reputation. They allow us to gain respect and support within our communities, help provide a competitive advantage in the marketplace, and attract and retain individuals who not only demonstrate, but also demand high standards of business conduct.
Please join us in maintaining Grumman’s reputation for integrity in the years to come.
​Hong Kong: ​800-96-1461 - From an outside line dial the number for your location
​Singapore: ​800-110-2358 - From an outside line dial the number for your location
​United Arab Emirates: 800-555-66 or 8000-021  (844) 286-0069We believe that creating  a work force and a workplace that values diversity and fosters inclusion is  pivotal to promoting innovation and increasing productivity and profitability. Our goal is to continually support and nurture the large number of employees whose backgrounds, characteristics and  perspectives are as diverse as the global communities in which we reside. We are committed to leveraging our organizational diversity through teamwork,  cross-functional collaboration and joint ventures to help us meet and exceed  our business goals and ensure our role as a leader in our industry.
Many people identify workforce diversity as an important factor when evaluating potential jobs — that's another reason why we strive to  attract and retain the best employees by fostering a company culture of  diversity and inclusion. From the start, we reach out to the best, most diverse  talent from top colleges and the labor market. We also recruit military veterans  for their commitment, ethical standards, skills, experiences and industry  knowledge. Through Operation , we hire and mentor our nation's wounded warriors.
Acquiring,  engaging and developing and managing our people help us build the best culture  and allow all employees to achieve their full potential. We are very proud of  these efforts and count diversity and inclusion among Grumman's core values .
As  continues its expansion into the global marketplace, it is imperative that we  embrace and commit to a culture of inclusion that respects the cultural norms  where we do business. This commitment helps us achieve and sustain our top performance  goals. By leveraging diverse teams with different work styles, problem-solving  techniques, ideas and local cultural norms, we create innovative solutions and  superior products that maintain our leadership in technology worldwide.Grumman’s Environmental, Health & Safety (EHS) organization is heading the company’s efforts to provide a safe and healthy workplace for our employees, ensure our operations are conducted in an environmentally responsible manner, and that our business activities are conducted in accordance with applicable legal requirements and company established goals. is committed to:
Complying with applicable legal requirements
Preventing employee injuries and illness by implementing effective programs and practices
Minimizing environmental impacts by reducing waste generation, minimizing water consumption, and reducing emissions
Including requirements and sustainability practices in business decisions
Conducting audits that focus on best practices that promote sharing and continual improvement across the enterprise
In addition, as part of our corporate responsibility efforts, we are aligning our business with sustainability practices, embracing green initiatives and translating our values into measurable actions. We aim to become a more sustainable business by measuring impact; encouraging conservation at home, in the workplace and in the community; and supporting environmentally friendly businesses and initiatives.
Our efforts extend out into the community with the Foundation Classroom program, designed to equip teachers so they can inspire students to pursue science and technical careers and become our next generation of environmental stewards and innovators. Additionally, the company has established a pilot program for greeEmployee Resource Groups. These groups allow employees to actively contribute to the implementation of greeNG—a broad enterprise initiative that renews the company’s commitment to enhancing the environment.
Browse this website to learn more about Grumman’s current and future green commitments.Our Values
We, the women and men of GRUMMAN, are guided by the following Values. They describe our company as we want it to be. We want our decisions and actions to demonstrate these Values. We believe that putting our Values into practice creates long-term benefits for shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, and the communities we serve.
We take responsibility for QUALITY…
Our products and services will be "best in class" in terms of value received for dollars paid. We will deliver excellence, strive for continuous improvement and respond vigorously to change. Each of us is responsible for the quality of whatever we do.
We are dedicated to satisfying our customers. We believe in respecting our customers, listening to their requests and understanding their expectations. We strive to exceed their expectations in affordability, quality and on-time delivery.
We provide as a company and as individuals…
Grumman's leadership is founded on talented employees effectively applying advanced technology, innovative manufacturing and sound business management. We add more value at lower cost with faster response. We each lead through our competence, creativity and teamwork.
We act with in all we do…
We are each personally accountable for the highest standards of behavior, including honesty and fairness in all aspects of our work. We fulfill our commitments as responsible citizens and employees. We will consistently treat customers and company resources with the respect they deserve.
We treat one another with respect and take pride in the significant contributions that come from the diversity of individuals and ideas. Our continued success requires us to provide the education and development needed to help our people grow. We are committed to openness and trust in all relationships.
We work to protect the health and well-being of our employees and to provide our customers with high quality, reliable and safe products. We are committed to safe operations and are diligent in our safety practices and processes.
We regard our as essential team members…
We owe our suppliers the same type of respect that we show to our customers. Our suppliers deserve fair and equitable treatment, clear agreements and honest feedback on performance. We consider our suppliers' needs in conducting all aspects of our business.
​Hong Kong: ​800-96-1461 - From an outside line dial the number for your location
​Singapore: ​800-110-2358 - From an outside line dial the number for your location
​United Arab Emirates: 800-555-66 or 8000-021  (844) 286-0069Operation (Injured Military Pursuing Assisted Career Transition) is a unique, award-winning , diversity program within focused upon assisting severely wounded service members as they transition from the military to a private-sector career. Should a service member be unable to work due to the severity of his/her injuries, the same support will be extended to a member of his/her immediate family who may be seeking employment. In addition to providing support to the injured service member – if he or she is not able to work – we offer the same career support to the individual’s immediate family who will act as the primary wage earner. If support is provided to a family member and the service member becomes able to work, support will then be extended to him/her.
Personalized career transition support through Operation is provided to the most severely wounded service members transitioning from military service to their next career opportunity. 
In order to receive career transition services through Operation IMPACT, candidate must meet all of the following criteria:
Suffer from wounds, injuries or illnesses that were incurred while deployed in military combat operations following the events of September 11, 2001;
transitioning from active military service or are considered a newly separated veteran who has been discharged or released from active duty within 3 years or be continuously enrolled in a degree or certificate program up to 5 years after separation of service, and
Receive, or expect to receive, a physical disability rating of 30% or greater in at least one of the specific categories listed below that substantially affect a major life function, or receive, or expect to receive, a combined rating equal to or greater than 50% for any other combat or combat related condition:
Should a service member meet the eligibility criteria but be unable to, support will be extended to a member of his/her immediate family who may be seeking employment. If support is provided to a family member and the service member becomes able to work, support will then be extended to him/her. Widows and widowers of service members who have paid the ultimate sacrifice following the events of September 11, 2001 are eligible for support under Operation IMPACT.
People. Corporate Citizenship at starts with people. The people in our communities, the people we employ and the people that may become part of our workforce.  How can we make the lives of the people in our communities better, safer, successful and more resilient? and its employees aspire to do just that by contributing their time, talent, dollars and passions to strengthen the communities where we work and live. Providing a warm meal to someone in need, seeing the smile on a child’s face as they discover the wonder of STEM, helping wounded service members transition to a new career, making our parks and waterways clean and safe; this is at the heart of what we do.
Aid to Higher Education
Employees Charity Organization of (ECHO) Program
Supporting Our Military and Veterans
Communications with the Board of Directors
Interested parties may communicate with any of our directors, the non-management directors as a group or the full Board as a group by writing to them
The Corporate Secretary will forward the communication to the director to whom it is addressed or to the Lead Independent Director if addressed to the Board of Directors.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors to establish procedures to receive employees' confidential or anonymous concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. Any employee with a concern about a financial accounting or auditing matter can write directly to:
Mail will be delivered unopened to the Chair of the Audit Committee.
is committed to the principles of equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination and we believe every person has the right to be treated with fairness, dignity and equal consideration. To further this commitment, activities must be implemented to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Pay Transparency Notice: will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant.  However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Grumman’s legal duty to furnish information.
Vice President of Global Corporate Responsibility Sandra Evers-Manly is responsible for the overall direction of our EEO/compliance programs. The director of Compliance manages the company’s EEO/programs and has been assigned to direct and oversee the establishment of the affirmative action plans throughout the company. Should you have questions regarding our AAPs or wish to view the available portions of the plans, please contact your Human Resources business partner to schedule an appointment during regular business hours. 
You can also feel free to contact your program administrators - EEOCompliance@ngc.comYour Browser Does Not Support Iframes
is committed to being an employer of choice. In doing so, seeks to develop and nurture its diversity and believes that diversity among its workforce strengthens the organization, stimulates creativity, promotes the exchange of ideas and enriches the work lives of all employees. is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to persons of all abilities, including persons with disabilities.
is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. To meet this commitment we look to the accessibility best practices and standards defined by Section 508 and the Web Content Accessibility  Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0.
The documents offered within utilize  multiple file formats. Below is a list that will help you identify which software  downloads are needed to view different file extensions.
 (.pdf) - For viewing and printing  documents.
 (.doc, .docx) - For viewing,  printing, and copying Word documents.
 (.xls, .xlsx) - For viewing and printing  Excel workbooks. 
 (.ppt, .pptx) - For  viewing full-featured presentations created in PowerPoint. 
Reaffirmation of Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Policies
graphic below and complete the online request form. If you have any questions about workplace accommodations, please send an email to 
 and let us know the nature of your question and your contact information. Reasonable workplace accommodations are considered on a case-by-case basis. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for a reasonable workplace accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
 Corporation. All rights reserved.Employees are a key component of our company’s Corporate Citizenship initiatives. Our volunteerism and outreach initiatives align with our strategic focus areas: K-12 education , support to our military and veterans , health and human services and environmental stewardship . Whether tutoring students in math, preparing care packages for our troops, contributing to a company-sponsored drive or volunteering with a local nonprofit organization, the passions of our employees help transform our communities.
Giving back to the local community is a great way to meet and network with other employees, team build, learn about commitments the company has made to strengthen our communities and develop leadership skills. Our one-stop resource for volunteerism, Volunteer1NG, can be found on the My Giving portal . Volunteer1allows employees to look for volunteer events in their area. In addition, while in the My Giving portal, employees may create volunteer events in the "Event Management" tab and log their volunteer hours in the "Log Hours" section.
provides Community Service Grants on behalf of employees who volunteer with a school or a 501(c)(3) nonprofit throughout the year. To qualify for a Community Service Grant , employees must volunteer 40+ hours during the annual grant cycle with one eligible organization and log their volunteer hours in the My Giving portal . The grant is $400 and will be provided directly to the non-profit organization or public school.
Employees are a key component of our company’s corporate citizenship efforts. Whether tutoring students in math , stuffing care packages for our troops , contributing to a company-sponsored drive or volunteering with a local nonprofit organization, their efforts enhance what we contribute to our communities on a corporate level.
Volunteer communication and recognition is extremely important to the success of our programs. We recently established a volunteer networking web site that allows our employees to be matched with volunteer opportunities in their communities and get a community-wide understanding of needs.
Our Community Service Grant program provides a grant to the non-profit organization that an employee volunteer is committed to. We also recognize outstanding volunteers across the company through annual appreciation events.