- DCVax® – Direct Phase I/for All Types of Inoperable Solid Tumor Cancers
DCVax® – Direct Phase I/for All Types of Inoperable Solid Tumor Cancers
 is a clinical stage biotechnology company focused on the development of personalized cancer vaccines designed to treat a broad range of solid tumor cancers.
Dr. Linda Liau discusses our DCVax-clinical trial for glioblastoma brain cancer and describes the positive impact it has had on patients. Brad and Jennifer share their stories about diagnosis and their choice to receive DCVax.
Bio Announces That Property Transaction Has Closed,  Including Funding of Approximately $47.3 Million Gross Proceeds
Bio Announces Non-Dilutive Funding of Approximately $47.3 Million  Through Property Transaction
Bio is developing cancer vaccines designed to treat a broad range of solid tumor cancers more effectively than current treatments, and without the side effects of chemotherapy drugs. Bio’s proprietary manufacturing technology enables the Company to produce its personalized vaccine in an efficient, cost-effective manner. The Company has a broad platform technology for DCVax dendritic cell-based vaccines. The Company’s lead product, DCVax-L, is currently in a 348-patient Phase trial for patients with newly diagnosed Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), the most aggressive and lethal brain cancer. The Company’s second product, DCVax-Direct, is currently in a 60-patient Phase I/trial for direct injection into all types of inoperable solid tumor cancers. The Company has also conducted a Phase I/trial with DCVax for late stage ovarian cancer together with the University of Pennsylvania. The Company previously received clearance from the for a 612-patient Phase trial with its third product, DCVax-Prostate, for late stage prostate cancer.
Bio's presents at SMi's 3rd Cancer Vaccine Conference, detailing progress to-date, as well as the exciting announcement that DCVax-received the first-ever "Promising Innovative Medicine" (PIM) designation under the UK's "Early Access to Medicines Scheme" (EAMS).
Mr. Les Goldman joined us as Senior Vice President, Business Development in June 2011. Prior to joining us, Mr. Goldman was a partner at the law firm of Skadden, Arps for over 30 years, specializing in a wide array of advanced technologies and their commercialization.    Mr. Goldman also serves as an advisor to a number of other technology companies. In addition, for eight years, Mr. Goldman served as Chairman of the Board of a group of stations in four mid-size cities across the country.
Dr. Bosch joined us in 2000, and has been serving as our Chief Technical Officer for a number of years.  In this capacity, he plays a key role in the preparation and submission of our regulatory applications, as well as ongoing development of our product lines, and ongoing development and/or acquisition of new technologies.  Dr. Bosch led the process of designing the protocols, and managed the successful preparation and submission of our Investigational New Drug (IND) applications for approval to conduct clinical trials for prostate cancer, brain cancer, ovarian cancer and multiple other cancers.  He also led the processes for other regulatory submissions in both the and abroad (including the successful applications for orphan drug status in both the and Europe for DCVax-for brain cancer).  He spearheaded the development of our manufacturing and quality control processes, and is working with Cognate BioServices, Inc. on next-generation further development of these processes.  Prior to joining us in 2000, Dr. Bosch worked at the Dutch National Institutes of Health (RIVM) as head of the Department of Molecular Biology, as well as in academia as a professor of Pathobiology. He has authored more than 40 peer-reviewed research publications in immunology and virology, and is an inventor on several patent applications on dendritic cell product manufacturing.
Dr. Boynton co-founded our company, has served as our Chief Scientific Officer and a Director since our inception in 1998, was appointed our Chief Operating Officer in August 2001, was appointed President in May 2003, and served as Chief Executive Officer from June 2007 to June 2011. Prior to founding our company, Dr. Boynton headed the Molecular Oncology research lab at the Pacific Research Foundation (the original foundation of Bill Hutchinson, from which the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center was spun off). Dr. Boynton also served as Director of the Department of Molecular Medicine of Hospital from 1995 to 2003 where he coordinated the establishment of a program centered on carcinogenesis. Prior to joining Hospital, Dr. Boynton was Associate Director of the Cancer Research Center of Hawaii, The University of Hawaii, where he also held the positions of Director of Molecular Oncology of the Cancer Research Center and Professor of Genetics and Molecular Biology. Dr. Boynton received his Ph.in Radiation Biology from the University of Iowa in 1972. We believe Dr. Boynton’s background and experience make him well qualified to serve as a Director.
Dr. Maida joined our company in June 2011, as Chief Operating Officer and brings more than 20 years’ experience in building oncology companies, with expertise in the business, financial, clinical and regulatory aspects of and the underlying science of oncology business.  Over these two decades, Dr. Maida has held positions as Chairman, CEO, COO, CSO, and Business Development.  Among these experiences, he served as of CancerVax Corporation, an early leader in cancer vaccines.  In that role, he was responsible for conducting multi-hundred patient, multi-center clinical trials with the company’s cancer vaccines. Prior to joining us, Dr. Maida was serving as global head of oncology for a leading contract research organization that manages clinical trials in the and internationally.
Bethesda, 20814DCVax® is a platform technology that uses activated dendritic cells (the master cells of the immune system), and is designed to reinvigorate and educate the immune system to attack cancers. Unlike conventional cancer drugs, which use one active agent to hit one target on the cancer, DCVax uses many active agents to hit many targets on the cancer.
We believe that at least three key aspects of the DCVax technology contribute to the positive results (described more fully below) seen in clinical trials to date:
(1) DCVax is designed to mobilize the entire immune system, not just one among the many different categories of immune agents in that overall system.
As described above, DCVax is comprised of activated, educated dendritic cells, and dendritic cells are the master cells of the immune system, that mobilize or help the entire immune system. Some of the prominent cancer drugs today are composed of just one type of antibody — and antibodies themselves are just one type of agent in the overall immune system “army” (see Diagram 1 above). In contrast, the full immune system involves many types of antibodies, and also many other kinds of agents besides antibodies. Similarly, there have been a variety of early immune therapies that failed in the past. These, too, typically involved single agents, such as a single one among the many, many types of immune signaling molecules (e.g., a particular interferon or interleukin), or a single type of agent such as cells alone, etc. In contrast, dendritic cells mobilize all of these different categories of agents, comprising the whole immune system “army,” in combination with each other and in their natural relationships to each other.
(2) DCVax is designed to target not just one but the full set of biomarkers on the patient’s tumor.
As mentioned above, cancer drugs are typically rifle shots aimed at just one target on a patient’s cancer. However, cancer is a complex and variable disease. Tumor profiles vary among patients with the “same” cancer and also vary as the disease progresses. Further, when rifle shot drugs hit individual targets on cancers, the cancers find ways around them (called “escape variants”) — and the rifle shot treatments then usually stop working. DCVax takes the opposite approach: instead of aiming at a single target, DCVax is designed at to target the full set of biomarkers on a patient’s cancer. Such a treatment approach is expected to make it more difficult for tumors to develop escape variants.
(3) DCVax is personalized, and targets the particular biomarkers expressed on that patient’s tumor.
Extensive scientific evidence has shown that there is substantial variation in tumor profiles and characteristics among patients with the “same” cancer. The degree of variation is particularly enormous in some of the most aggressive cancers, such as brain cancer and pancreatic cancer. Cancer drugs are typically keyed to a single target which is believed to be found on the cancer cells’ surface or in one of the cancer cells’ signaling pathways in a substantial percentage of patients with a given type of cancer. Such drugs can be of no use in patients whose cancers do not happen to express that particular target, or cease expressing that target as the disease progresses. Most cancer drugs only achieve clinical benefits in a limited percentage of the patients with the type of cancer being targeted (e.g., 25 – 30% of the patients). In contrast, DCVax has achieved clinical benefits (i.e., longer delay in disease progression and longer extension of survival than with standard of care treatment) in over 80% of the patients who have received DCVax in clinical trials to date. Since DCVax is made with biomarkers from the patient’s own tumor, it is automatically tailored to targets that are present on that patient’s cancer.
The DCVax technology is expected to be applicable to most cancers, and is embodied in several distinct product lines. One of the product lines (DCVax®-L) is designed to cover all solid tumor cancers in which the tumors can be surgically removed. Another product line (DCVax®-Direct) is designed for all solid tumor cancers which are considered inoperable and cannot be surgically removed. We believe the broad applicability of DCVax to many cancers provides multiple opportunities for commercialization and partnering.
In order to make DCVax for a patient, the patient’s immune cells are obtained through a blood draw (called a “leukapheresis” or “apheresis”). These immune cells are precursors of dendritic cells, called “monocytes.”
For DCVax-, the monocytes are differentiated into dendritic cells, and matured, activated and loaded with biomarkers (“antigens”) from the patient’s own tumor tissue (which is collected in a simple kit at the time of surgery to remove the tumor). The loading of biomarkers into the dendritic cells “educates” them about what the immune system needs to attack. The activated, educated dendritic cells are then isolated with very high purity and comprise the DCVax-personalized vaccine. DCVax -is administered to the patient through a simple intra-dermal injection in the upper arm, similar to a flu shot. The dendritic cells then convey the tumor biomarker information to the rest of the immune system agents (cells, cells and others), as “marching orders,” and the immune system agents then fan out through the body searching for anything with these biomarkers and attacking it.
For DCVax-Direct , the monocytes are differentiated into dendritic cells and partially matured. DCVax-Direct is administered by injection directly into inoperable tumors. These injections can reach tumors located virtually anywhere in the body, with ultrasound image guidance. After injection into the tumors, the DCVax-Direct dendritic cells pick up the tumor biomarkers (“antigens”) in situ in the tumor. Then, like the DCVax-product, the dendritic cells in the DCVax-Direct product then convey the tumor biomarker information to the rest of the immune system agents (cells, cells and others), who then act upon it throughout the body.
Importantly, each activated, educated dendritic cell has a large multiplier effect, mobilizing hundreds of cells and other immune cells. As a result, small doses of such dendritic cells can mobilize large and sustained immune responses.
Also very importantly, DCVax-is non-toxic. In clinical trials to date, stretching over a decade and including over 1,000 treatment cycles, there have been no toxicities such as chemotherapies involve – no “serious adverse events” – related to the treatment.
Ms. Powers has served as the Chairman of Bio since 2007, and as since 2011.  Ms. Powers previously served as a Managing Director of Toucan Capital Fund II, an investment fund focused on regenerative medicine and immune therapies, from 2001 to 2010.  In addition, she has over 15 years’ experience in corporate finance and restructurings, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and intellectual property licensing.  Ms. Powers has served for many years on a number of boards and commissions, including M2(an affiliate of Moffitt Cancer Center), the Chinese Biopharmaceutical Association, the Rosalind Franklin Society, the Maryland Stem Cell Research Commission, a Steering Committee of the National Academy of Sciences evaluating government research funding, and three Governors’ commissions focused on building biotech and other industries. Ms. Powers taught for more than six years at the National Institutes of Health, on medical product development and commercialization, and at Georgetown Law School as an adjunct professor.  Ms. Powers serves on the boards of a number of private biotechnology companies.  Ms. Powers holds a from Princeton University, magna cum laude, and a from Harvard Law School, magna cum laude.
Mr. Les Goldman joined us as Senior Vice President, Business Development in June 2011. Prior to joining us, Mr. Goldman was a partner at the law firm of Skadden, Arps for over 30 years, specializing in a wide array of advanced technologies and their commercialization. Mr. Goldman also serves as an advisor to a number of other technology companies. In addition, for eight years, Mr. Goldman served as Chairman of the Board of a group of stations in four mid-size cities across the country.
Dr. Bosch joined us in 2000, and has been serving as our Chief Technical Officer for a number of years. In this capacity, he plays a key role in the preparation and submission of our regulatory applications, as well as ongoing development of our product lines, and ongoing development and/or acquisition of new technologies. Dr. Bosch led the process of designing the protocols, and managed the successful preparation and submission of our Investigational New Drug (IND) applications for approval to conduct clinical trials for prostate cancer, brain cancer, ovarian cancer and multiple other cancers. He also led the processes for other regulatory submissions in both the and abroad (including the successful applications for orphan drug status in both the and Europe for DCVax-for brain cancer). He spearheaded the development of our manufacturing and quality control processes, and is working with Cognate BioServices, Inc. on next-generation further development of these processes. Prior to joining us in 2000, Dr. Bosch worked at the Dutch National Institutes of Health (RIVM) as head of the Department of Molecular Biology, as well as in academia as a professor of Pathobiology. He has authored more than 40 peer-reviewed research publications in immunology and virology, and is an inventor on several patent applications on dendritic cell product manufacturing.
Dr. Boynton co-founded our company, has served as our Chief Scientific Officer and a Director since our inception in 1998, was appointed our Chief Operating Officer in August 2001, was appointed President in May 2003, and served as Chief Executive Officer from June 2007 to June 2011. Prior to founding our company, Dr. Boynton headed the Molecular Oncology research lab at the Pacific Research Foundation (the original foundation of Bill Hutchinson, from which the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center was spun off). Dr. Boynton also served as Director of the Department of Molecular Medicine of Hospital from 1995 to 2003 where he coordinated the establishment of a program centered on carcinogenesis. Prior to joining Hospital, Dr. Boynton was Associate Director of the Cancer Research Center of Hawaii, The University of Hawaii, where he also held the positions of Director of Molecular Oncology of the Cancer Research Center and Professor of Genetics and Molecular Biology. Dr. Boynton received his Ph.in Radiation Biology from the University of Iowa in 1972. We believe Dr. Boynton’s background and experience make him well qualified to serve as a Director.
Dr. Maida joined our company in June 2011, as Sr of Clinical Research and brings more than 20 years’ experience in building oncology companies, with expertise in the business, financial, clinical and regulatory aspects of and the underlying science of oncology business. Over these two decades, Dr. Maida has held positions as Chairman, CEO, COO, CSO, and Business Development. Among these experiences, he served as of CancerVax Corporation, an early leader in cancer vaccines. In that role, he was responsible for conducting multi-hundred patient, multi-center clinical trials with the company’s cancer vaccines. Prior to joining us, Dr. Maida was serving as global head of oncology for a leading contract research organization that manages clinical trials in the and internationally.
