Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
At Novartis, we are reimagining medicine
Members of our Executive Team reflect on a remarkable 2018 for the company and what to look forward to in 2019.
Read and download the Annual Review, the Annual Report and Form 20-F, and the in Society report.
delivered strong sales growth with core margin expansion, built leading advanced therapy platforms and focused the company in 2018
Sandoz and Pear Therapeutics Announce Launch of reSET-to Help Treat Opioid Use Disorder
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
We are reimagining medicine
We reimagine medicine to improve and extend people’s lives. We use innovative science and technology to address some of society’s most challenging healthcare issues. We discover and develop breakthrough treatments and find new ways to deliver them to as many people as possible.
Executive Committee of The Purpose and Vision
Our purpose is to reimagine medicine to improve and extend people`s lives.
Our vision is to be a trusted leader in changing the practice of medicine.
Corporate responsibility is endorsed and ingrained at the highest level of Novartis. It is central to how we run our business.
is structured to deliver innovative products, exploit global scale, and respond to new opportunities and risks. Our divisions - Innovative Medicines, Alcon and Sandoz - are supported by functional organizations with global scale. Research and development (R&D) is at the core of our company and central to the strategy.
Made up of two business units – Pharmaceuticals and Oncology – our Innovative Medicines Division commercializes innovative patented medicines to enhance health outcomes for patients and healthcare professionals.
Alcon provides innovative products that enhance quality of life by helping people worldwide see better.
Sandoz is a global leader in generic pharmaceuticals and biosimilars that pioneers novel approaches to help people around the world access high-quality medicines.
The Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR)
is the innovation engine of and focuses on discovering new drugs that can change the practice of medicine.
Countries in which products are available
was created in 1996 through a merger of Ciba-Geigy and Sandoz. and its predecessor companies trace roots back more than 250 years, with a rich history of developing innovative products.
In 1859, Alexander Clavel (1805-1873) takes up the production of fuchsine, a synthetic dye, in his silk dyeing factory in Basel, Switzerland.
The chemical company Kern & Sandoz is founded in Basel, Switzerland in 1886 by Dr. Alfred Kern (1850-1893) and Edouard Sandoz (1853-1928). The first dyes produced are alizarin blue and auramine.
In 1900, Ciba produces its first pharmaceutical substances: Vioform, an antiseptic, and Salen, an antirheumatic agent. This image shows pharmaceutical research at Ciba in Basel, Switzerland in 1914.
In 1917, Professor Arthur Stoll creates a pharmaceutical department at Sandoz, and research begins.
Geigy President Louis von Planta and President Robert Käppeli shake hands to conclude the merger of CIBA-in 1970.
In 1996, the merger of Sandoz and Ciba-Geigy creates Novartis, one of the world's largest healthcare companies. This image, taken on February 3, 1997, shows the old logo being changed out at the St. Johann site in Basel.
unifies and strengthens its global research network in 2002 by creating the Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR), headquartered in the in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
In 2010, becomes the world leader in eye care when it acquires majority ownership in Alcon, Inc., based in the in Fort Worth, Texas.
In 2015, completes a series of transactions that focus the company on three divisions: Innovative Medicines, Alcon (eye care) and Sandoz (generic medicines).
is honored to receive numerous awards for progress in research and development, our working environment, and our corporate responsibility activities.
ranks #4 in Fortune Magazine’s Most Admired Companies Pharmaceutical Industry list.
Find contact information for our diverse teams, products and offices around the world.
What Personal Data do we process and for which purposes?
Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our site without telling us who you are. However, some services may require you to voluntarily provide us with Personal Data, which may include information such as your name, birth date, email address or telephone number. We may collect and use this Personal Data to provide you with products, services, and customer support, to bill you for products and services you request, to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you, or to communicate with you for other purposes which are evident from the circumstances or about which we inform you when we collect your Personal Data.
We may also collect and process information about your visit to this website, such as the pages you visit, the website you came from and the searches you perform. We may use such information to help improve the contents of the site and to compile aggregate statistics about people using our site for our internal usage statistics and market research purposes. In doing this, we may install "cookies" that collect the domain name of the user, your internet service provider, your operating system, and the date and time of access. "cookie" is a small piece of information, which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a "cookie”, this will enable you to decide if you want to accept it or not. You can also refuse cookies altogether. However, if you do not accept our cookies, you may not be able to use all functionalities of our website.
We may combine, aggregate, or anonymize Personal Data with data we may collect from or about you from other sources, such as public databases, providers of demographic information, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, and other third parties.
We may use your data for our business purposes, including audits, monitoring and prevention of fraud, infringement, and other potential misuse of our products and services, and for modifying our services.
Also, we may use your Personal Data:
if we are required to do so because of an applicable law, requests from public and government authorities (including court order, subpoena, or governmental regulation), even outside your country of residence;
if we need to enforce our terms and conditions;
to protect your safety or the safety of others; 
When and to whom do we disclose your information?
This Privacy Policy describes the circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data. We may share your Personal Data with other subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. We also may transfer Personal Data to third parties who act on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data were originally collected or may otherwise be lawfully processed, such as services delivery, evaluating the usefulness of this website, marketing, advertising, data management, or technical support. 
These third parties have contracted with us to only use Personal Data for the agreed upon purpose, and not to sell Personal Data to third parties, and not to disclose it to third parties except as may be permitted by us, as required by law, or as stated in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your Personal Data to a third party in the event that the business or a part of it and the customer data connected with it is sold, assigned or transferred, in which case we would require the buyer, assignee or transferee to treat Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Also, we may disclose your Personal Data to a third party if we are required to do so because of an applicable law, requests from public and government authorities (including court order, subpoena, or governmental regulation), even outside your country of residence; if we need to enforce our terms and conditions; when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is necessary to protect legal rights, the security or integrity of this website; to protect your safety or the safety of others; as part of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding in your country or in other countries; or to third parties, advisors, and other entities to the extent reasonably necessary for development of or to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a corporate or commercial transaction.
Your Personal Data may also be processed, accessed, or stored in countries outside Switzerland. Such countries may offer a different level of protection of personal data. If we transfer your Personal Data to external companies in other jurisdictions, we will make sure to protect your Personal Data by applying the level of protection required under applicable data privacy laws.
For transfers of personal data among subsidiaries and affiliates, has adopted Binding Corporate Rules, a system of principles, rules, and tools, authorized by European law, to regulate the transfer of personal data outside the and Switzerland. Read more about the Binding Corporate Rules by clicking here .
How do we deal with information from individuals under the age of 13?
Our website is not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13.
How long do we store Personal Data?
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which they were collected or to comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
Whenever we process Personal Data, we take reasonable steps to keep your Personal Data accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which they were collected. We will provide you with the ability to exercise the following rights under the conditions and within the limits set forth in the law.
If you wish to contact us regarding the use of your Personal Data or you want to object in whole or in part to the processing of your Personal Data, please contact us . If you have provided consent, you may withdraw consent. You may also request, subject to confidentiality obligations, to:
access your Personal Data as processed by us;
ask for correction or erasure of your Personal Data; and
request portability, where applicable, of your Personal data, i.e. that the Personal Data you have provided to us, are returned to you or transferred to the person of your choice, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Privacy at The responsible use of personal data is a core value at Novartis.
Group fully respects privacy laws and is subject to an internal framework of privacy rules and policies.
The internal transfer of data is governed by Binding Corporate Rules, so called “ ”. are a system of privacy principles, rules and tools intended to ensure the protection of personal data. This collection of rules represents today’s best practice to meet the European Economic Area’s (“EEA”) data protection requirements for the transfer of personal data within a Group of companies. To be legally effective, the have been approved by Data Protection Agencies. regulate the mechanism of transfer of data inside the Group of companies.
In order to facilitate the most efficient answer, please provide the following information:
Your relationship and interaction with us
The description of the information you would like to receive from us
The Directive 2009/136/states that we can store cookies on your machine if they are essential to the operation of this site, but that for all others we need your permission to do so.
sites may use some non-essential cookies. We do not do this to track individual users or to identify them, but to gain useful knowledge about how the sites are used so that we can keep improving them for our users. Without the knowledge we gain from the systems that use these cookies we would not be able to provide the service we do.
If you use parts of the site that require registration to access content, we will place an “authentication cookie” on your computer. This allows you to leave and return to these parts of the site without re-authenticating yourself.
Any data collected by using these cookies will be stored and managed by or one of its trusted affiliates in countries operates in.
For more information or how to contact Novartis, please refer to the Data Privacy Policy.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Whether you're a customer, job seeker, health or media professional or an investor, you can find the best way to contact us from the options below
Find contacts at for media and journalist inquiries.
Get in touch if you have questions about Investor Relations or the Share Registry.
Medical Information Inquiries about our Products
Contact us with questions related to corporate responsibility by project or region.
Find information on our research locations and corporate offices around the world.
What questions should ask before participate in a clinical trial?
var eu_cookie_compliance_cookie_name = "";We believe is well prepared for a world with a growing, aging population and continuously evolving healthcare needs. We have a clear mission, focused strategy and strong culture, all of which we expect will support the creation of value over the long term for our company, our shareholders and society.
Our strategy is to use science-based innovation to deliver better patient outcomes in growing areas of healthcare.
We believe innovation that produces breakthrough medicines and products will be more important than ever in the healthcare industry in the coming years. We maintain substantial investment in research and de­­velopment (R&D) aimed at areas of unmet medical need. Our product pipeline is fed by a research and development approach that uses the latest science to advance the most promising projects.
Our research strategy aims to increase collaboration across traditional scientific and organizational boundaries, and focus on powerful new technologies that have the potential to help produce therapeutic breakthroughs. In drug development, we pursue promising therapies where we can leverage the scale and expertise of to bring important treatments to patients globally.
We seek to develop medicines and products that can produce positive real-world outcomes for patients and healthcare providers. The benefits can range from improving the cost-­effectiveness of high-quality care to pro­longing lives. We are developing services and technol­o­gies to augment the benefits of our core products, often in collaboration with healthcare providers and technology companies.
We aim to develop innovative products in growing areas of healthcare where we can make a real difference. We focus on patented medicines, generic medicines and eye care – segments where we have the innovation power and global scale necessary to compete effectively. At the same time, we are expanding our presence in the emerging markets of Asia, Africa and Latin America, where there is fast-growing demand for access to high- quality medicines and healthcare.
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
The Board of Directors is responsible for the direction, strategy, organization and administration of the company. The Board comprises 12 members with Joerg Reinhardt as chairman.
Srikant Datar, Ph.D.
Srikant Datar, Ph.D.
Charlotte Pamer-Wieser, Ph.D.
Charlotte Pamer-Wieser, Ph.D.
is fully committed to good corporate governance. 
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Bold in our pursuit to reimagine medicine
Oncology is inspired by patients to revolutionize the research, development and manufacturing of innovative, high quality medicines that help to improve and extend people’s lives.
Our scientists are breaking through the barriers to transform cancer care and reimagine medicine.
New molecular entities in our global clinical pipeline
Stay up-to-date on Oncology news and stories.
When science and passion connect, innovation happens. Join us.
is honored to receive numerous awards for progress in research and development, our working environment, and our corporate responsibility activities.
has been ranked #3 by Fortune magazine as one of the most admired pharmaceutical companies in the world — our 14th consecutive year in the top three.
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Under the leadership of Vasant Narasimhan, the Executive Committee of (ECN) is responsible for overseeing the business operations of Group companies. members are chosen by the Board of Directors.
Chief People & Organization Officer of Read biography
President, Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR)
Chief Ethics, Risk and Compliance Officer of Read biography  
Secretary to the Executive Committee of Read biography  
Global Head of Business Assurance & Advisory and Head of Internal Audit
is fully committed to good corporate governance. 
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
While our diverse workforce brings different people and perspectives together, inclusion is making the mix work. It is about creating an atmosphere and an environment where each of us feels valued, respected and heard.
It is our differences that make us powerful.
They enable us to approach things differently. They enable us to be innovative. They enable us to deepen our understanding of our patients and customers. With diversity and inclusion embedded in everything that we say and do, we can help discover and develop breakthrough medicines.
We consider diversity and inclusion to encompass - but not be limited to - race, ethnicity, gender, thinking styles, religion and belief, sexual orientation, age, differential ability, education, nationality and life experiences.
Our Vision and Strategy
is recognized internally and externally for the diversity of our associates and our inclusive culture, driven by a D&strategy based upon concrete business, scientific, talent and reputational outcomes
We drive our patient-centered business and scientific innovation through diversity and inclusion. Activities and initiatives support four strategic pillars: talent and leadership, culture of inclusion, patient and customer, and reputation.
Imagine what you could do at Novartis. No matter where you work, you could contribute to solving some of the toughest healthcare challenges and have an extraordinary impact on people’s lives. Join us.
Talented, committed and responsible people from diverse backgrounds are essential for us to fulfill our purpose of reimagining medicine. We strive to unleash the power of our people and we cultivate a company culture that is inspired, curious and empowered.
Our values underpin our company culture. They describe the professional behaviors we expect from our employees. These values are an integral part of the framework we use to recruit people, develop them, and assess and reward their performance.
Innovation is at the heart of what we do. We encourage people to experiment and take smart risks. Our aim is to foster creative thinking that leads to practical solutions to healthcare and business challenges.
Delivering high-quality medicines is critical to our purpose of improving and extending people's lives. Our focus on quality excellence includes continuously enhancing our standards, technology and training for our people, as well as learning from our mistakes.
We encourage our employees to put the success of their team first and to value each other’s contributions and feedback. We embrace diverse perspectives to develop an inclusive environment where everyone can achieve their full potential.
We focus on personal and team achievements by taking smart risks while maintaining high ethical standards.
We want our people to have the courage to stand up for their ideas and challenge the status quo. We also want them to have the courage to do the right thing in the face of resistance or moral dilemmas.
We care about our people, patients and customers and commit to the highest ethical standards in what we do. We take a principles-based approach to support constructive discussions and improve decision-making.
invites scrutiny of effort to improve access to medicine
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
When science and passion connect, innovation happens
Pharmaceuticals brings innovative medicines to market to enhance health outcomes for patients and offer solutions to the healthcare providers who treat them. 
“love how our teams are always looking for new ways to deliver the benefits of our treatments to patients. Together, we work to drive innovation now and in the future.”
Countries in which products are available
New molecular entities in our global clinical pipeline
fitness trainer strives to keep his mother’s mind limber
When science and passion connect, innovation happens. Join us.
Stay up-to-date on news.
is honored to receive numerous awards for progress in research and development, our working environment, and our corporate responsibility activities.
has been ranked #3 by Fortune magazine as one of the most admired pharmaceutical companies in the world — our 14th consecutive year in the top three.
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Corporate responsibility is endorsed and ingrained at the highest level of and is central to how we run our business.
has a sound strategy to navigate a world with a growing, aging population and continuously evolving healthcare needs. Our strategy supports the purpose, with a focus on expanding access to healthcare and doing business responsibly.
Expanding Access to Healthcare
Developing new and innovative ways to reach people in lower-income countries is one of our top priorities. To expand access to healthcare, we pursue a variety of approaches.
We are committed to creating a culture of integrity and trust through strict adherence to the Code of Conduct.
We strive to make efficient use of natural resources and to minimize the environmental impact of our activities and products.
We work to promote the well-being of our associates and strengthen our company’s culture to support our ability to execute our strategy.
has a strong history of corporate responsibility activities, and transparent reporting is a central part of our commitment.
Read our codes, policies and guidelines as well as our positions on main issues, and download key publications.
“Access in developing countries is not simply about a lack of innovative medicines – rather, it’s about the whole ecosystem required to deliver healthcare products and monitor their impact.”
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Find contacts at for media and journalist inquiries from the general and individual contacts listed below. The Corporate Media Relations office can be contacted at +41 61 324 2200, media requests can also be sent via email to: 
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Hong Kong S.A.R., China
Macao S.A.R., China
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Pharma Institutes for Biomed. Research
Search for openings and apply for positions at locations worldwide.
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
For questions about Investor Relations or the Share Registry, please contact our team.
We aspire, as part of our vision, to be a trusted leader in changing the practice of medicine. To realize this vision, we need to earn and maintain the trust of patients, associates, healthcare partners, shareholders and the society we serve.
We recognize society’s expectations of our industry and of Novartis, and that we must go beyond just doing what is legal in order to meet legitimate expectations of society.
Our aim is to prevent issues from occurring, drive personal accountability for behaviors, and generate learnings that can be applied across the organization.
In 2014, we created the position of Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, reporting to the CEO, elevating the Compliance function to the highest levels in the company. On April 1, 2018, the role was expanded to include oversight of our risk management functions. The new role of Chief Ethics, Risk and Compliance Officer was further elevated to become a member of the Executive Committee of Novartis.
We do not tolerate unethical behavior by our associates anywhere, and we will take all necessary steps to ensure compliance with our Code of Conduct and all applicable laws. At the same time, with more than 120 000 associates, we cannot exclude the possibility of misconduct by individuals. We therefore have extensive measures in place in an effort to ensure that reports of suspected misconduct are investigated thoroughly. Where misconduct is found, we  work to take swift and appropriate action.
With a goal of ensuring accountability of local country organizations, our management includes integrity and compliance questions as part of standard business reviews. We work to identify and mitigate risk exposure proactively so it can be reviewed and discussed at a management level.
Our goal is to maintain consistent standards of business practices across Novartis, ultimately enabling us to provide the best possible care for patients globally.
The Global Ethics, Risk & Compliance function designs and implements compliance programs associated with the Code of Conduct , Anti-Bribery Policy , Professional Practices Policy (P3) , and Conflicts of Interest Policy . Each division and Group function has a Global Integrity & Compliance Officer who drives the implementation of these programs, with the goal of ensuring ethical business practices by all associates.
In an effort to ensure compliance with ethical and legal standards starts with encouraging a culture of integrity. We establish, embed and enforce integrity standards across through our Code of Conduct.
Read and download the Annual Review, the Annual Report and Form 20-F, and the in Society report.
Corporate Responsibility at Expanding Access to Healthcare
Expanding Access to Healthcare
Through our core business – the discovery, development and marketing of innovative treatments – we have helped prevent and treat diseases, ease suffering and improve quality of life for people worldwide.
But as the size and complexity of the world’s healthcare challenges grow, we must widen our scope, extending our impact even further by asking: How can we effectively address the needs of underserved populations? How can we bring the benefits of our medicines to more people? And how can we do this in a way that is sustainable for our business?
It begins with a fundamental shift in the way we do business – with reimagining new ways to bridge the divide between those with access to critical healthcare innovations and those without.
We are committed to bringing more of our medicines to more people, no matter where they are. For all our new medicines, we will systematically integrate access strategies in how we research, develop and deliver globally. This will be a key measure of success for our leaders and employees.
We commit to bringing more of our medicines to more people, no matter where they are. For all our new medicines, we will systematically integrate access strategies in how we research, develop and deliver globally.
Learn about the Social Business that works to improve access to healthcare to fight infectious diseases and chronic diseases in developing countries.
Oncology Access is a sustainable access solution which is designed to improve access in countries with very limited healthcare reimbursement systems.
The Foundation explores innovative solutions for public health challenges, with a goal of making a transformational impact on patients and communities.
Our generics division brings access to high-quality medicines, medical information and healthcare to millions of people every year.
Alcon, the eye care division of and a global leader in eye care, is committed to helping people see better regardless of their economic circumstances or their location.
does not file or enforce patents in least developed countries (LDCs), and we take a flexible approach to patent filing in lower-middle income countries (LMICs).
We continue to engage in strategic donations to address access gaps for neglected diseases and people at the bottom of the pyramid.
The Commitment to Patients and Caregivers
