Dynamic Mixers offer the ultimate in performance! With the power, size and durability to handle all of your commercial kitchen blending, the entire line of mixers has just what you need to cut down on prep time, and leave you open to create the masterpieces that you desire. The new cooling technology ensures longer life for your mixer.
Check out the Dynamic master line, which offers the most advanced and versatile mixers in the industry. These units are strong, dependable and are perfect for pots holding up to 25 gallons. Additionally, our wide variety of attachments adds flexibility for your food preparation needs.
Don't be fooled by imitations. Dynamic is the original inventor of the commercial salad spinner. Whether you choose a manual or electric option, both are quick, efficient, and can dramatically improve your food prep costs!
With many sizes and styles to choose from, there is a salad dryer which is sure to fit your every need. We offer the entire line including:
Tell us what you think
NOVON.com has a new look and feel.   We've also added Facebook and Twitter to our Online Communications and we are looking forward to working with you in more innovative and effective ways. Tell us what you think by Liking" us on Facebook or Following us on Twitter.
Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.Same or Next Day
Have a new email address and want to subscribe to our occasional product special announcements? Click Here to subscribe or update.
Immersion Blenders - Vegetable Cutters - Salad Spinners - Juicers
The United States Number One provider of Dynamic Mixers, Dynamic Parts, Salad Dryers and Vegetable Cutters. We are the most competitive in the by offering our clients leading technical support considered the best in the business. Our pledge: We strive to support you with the highest degree of professionalism.
We also service what we sell. With 35+ years of experience servicing the entire line of Dynamic Products, we have the expertise to get your commercial appliances up and running quickly.
Call or send us an e-mail . Our product experts are ready to answer all
sales and technical questions, including repairs and parts inquiries. We're always available to serve your needs.
