We’ve created a company that focuses on your needs and assisting businesses with leveraging technology. We think about your business the way you do; smart, efficient, and focused on result. We have over 40 years of experience in the business and have a track record of providing high quality work while being fast, reliable, cost effective. You will find no other service more dependable from a single vendor.
  We are here to help improve the structure and efficiency of your business’s systems. We not only provide strategic guidance with regard to technology, but help in the maintenance and development of infrastructures and their enhancement. Wondering if the is right for you? Trying to lessen your hardware footprint? Need a way for your employees to be more productive while away from the office? Is your network and computers secure? Stop wondering what better might be like and get in touch with us today.  
  The can be a confusing place and if you're not careful, you could end up with systems and services you don't need or don't play well with each other. lot of businesses embark on the cloud path without the right understanding. We clear up the technoconfusion by bringing you services that will solve your business problems. Get in touch with us today to get an assessment of your environment. Stop wondering if you're missing your piece of the  
When small businesses think about disaster recovery or backups, it's usually after a disaster has occurred. Whether it's the data on your laptop, your database or your entire infrastructure, novus[tek] has solutions to meet all situations and budgets. This is one of those things you can't afford to ignore. With the ever growing threat of ransomware and carrying our lives around on our smart devices, it's important that businesses stay protected not only in the work place but at home. You may be taking every effort necessary to stay safe, but what about the other devices on your network?
  Our certified technicians deliver the best computer network services in San Diego and guarantee that your network is running at optimum performance. Regardless if you'll be operating in the cloud or with on premise servers, you'll need a well-built highway to operate on. Poor WiFi signal? Internet going out on a daily basis? Can't print? Want to throw your system out the window? These are all symptoms of poorly built networks which means you're losing productivity and money.  
  The Novus[tek] team specializes in every aspect of alarm and electronic security. Our certified technicians carefully work to install the equipment with minimal disruption to your work or home environment. We can provide not only all your 
 but physical security to your business and property. Access Control, Burglar or Fire 
 and Video Surveillance are a few of our specialties.  
want to learn more about our services?
Integration (NTI) was founded in 2009 under a different business name. President and CEO, Jonathan Lucky had been working in the software sales arena rounding out his skills as a technical expert. Holding tech and management positions in; Pharma, Healthcare and Software, he was ready to begin providing technical consulting to small businesses.
"always had a passion for and in some way helping others. My last job was as a technical consultant and the goal there was to understand how small businesses operate. Sure, knew how to set-up a server and network, but didn't necessarily know how to tie that to solving business problems".
During the time period Mr. Lucky worked as a sales consultant, he met with over 300 business owners and began to understand the problems all businesses face when it comes to technology.
"understood that businesses of course need and support but not necessarily all the overhead that comes with it. The cost of support staff, keeping up with security and updates along with a fast changing technical landscape were all issues small businesses face."
"Between 2009-2012 we only did traditional services. Consulting and break/fix were it. There was no proactive management, no managed services and the cloud was just emerging."
is a family owned and operated S-Corp. In 2012, Harold Beof joined the business and brought 20+ years of security integration, electrical and low-voltage experience.
"This was a game changer for us. With electronic security starting to touch networks this was a perfect fit for us and a space we wanted to be in".
Over the years, has added services and continued to adapt to the cloud space and changing technical landscape.
 is heavily committed to working with small business to leverage to maximize productivity and efficiency.
"We have gone out to find the best of breed products so that small businesses don't have to. We believe in the products and approach so much that we use them internally and recommend them to our friends and family."
