System to Support Innovation
Technology Screening and Evaluation
Commercialization Analyst Internship Program
Pitch competition draws engineering students, faculty
Tweets by @NUtechHow to Find Us
System to Support Innovation
Technology Screening and Evaluation
Commercialization Analyst Internship Program
is the intellectual property and commercialization unit of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. NUtech’s mission is to facilitate the commercialization and practical use of innovations generated through the research activities at the University of Nebraska. We do this by identifying, evaluating, protecting, marketing and licensing intellectual property to promote economic development and improve the quality of life. Further, also connects innovators with the people, coaching and resources they need to start companies, develop products and create jobs. If you’re interested in starting a company, seeing your innovations licensed or securing developmental funding for your leading-edge research, we can help you connect with potential industry partners, entrepreneurs and investors. We can add value to your research by enabling a fully collaborative process for joint creation, development and commercialization so your technologies can change the world.
is the technology commercialization arm of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.  The technology commercialization process is governed by the Board of Regents 
 in coordination with the policy set by the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Benefits of Technology Commercialization
 – Raise the quality of life and enhance the public good through practical application of innovation.
 is an asset in recruiting and retaining the best and brightest faculty.
 – portion of the commercialization proceeds, after expenses, is distributed to the Innovators, their department, and to support further research.
 – Ventures, along with its partners in Industry Relations and NIC, have many industry partners. Ventures’ existing and continually expanding relationships can potentially develop into opportunities for industry sponsored research funding.
