              Providing resilient, sustainable, and responsible engineering solutions to protect our coastlines      
              Delivering the future of sophisticated optical, sensor, and communication systems.      
Directional Drilling: How Machine Learning Can Augment Current Abilities
Global Carbon Emissions Rise to 37.1 Gigatons, Here Is What We Can Do
| at the 2018 International Pittsburgh Coal Conference
Using Resilient Sustainable Engineering to RiAbove the Challenges of Sea Level Change
is a ‘Mind to Market’ company that employs a unique discipline to move fundamental scientific breakthroughs from the lab to the market. Oceanit’s teams deliver cutting-edge solutions, services, and products to customers across a vast range of industries.  Using a variety of paths to market, including corporate co-development, private equity financing, managed acquisition, and direct manufacturing, delivers disruptive innovation to the world.
Founded in 1985 on Oahu, Hawai’i, has earned a world-class reputation for breakthrough science & technology, sustainable engineering, and disruptive innovation built upon our values of Curiosity, Community, and Ohana. We are a skilled group of scientists, engineers, innovators, and entrepreneurs who solve problems by understanding customer and industry pain points.  This allows us to create solutions that meet organizational and user needs. 
practices a proprietary method we call Intellectual Anarchy™ that reimagines how a business can innovate; breaking silos, transcending disciplines, and cross-pollinating ideas and expertise. We create breakthrough ideas, insights, and discoveries as an interdisciplinary force.
              Want to know more? Contact us about services offered, product information, or begin a conversation on how we can discover solutions together.      
Reimagining innovation to break the bonds of 'normal' and solve the impossible
is a ‘Mind to Market’ company, founded in Hawai’i.  Since 1985, has built a world class reputation for developing and migrating fundamental science to real-world applications.
