is providing high quality products designed to meet our customer's needs.
About contributes to the information society that enables to achieve the dreams and hopes of stakeholders.
and Innovation Center at Sheba entered into strategic partnership agreement on the Prevention of Dementia in the Presence of Japanese and Israeli Officials
Announces Consolidated Financial Results for the First Half of the Fiscal Year ending March 31, 2019
Received the Trophy for 2018 Thomson Reuters Top 100 Global Technology Leaders
Notice on Suspension of Business at an Overseas Consolidated Sales Subsidiary
Notice of Improper Accounting by an Overseas Consolidated Subsidiary and Postponement of Q1 Financial Results Announcement
For the betterment of corporate value, the Group seeks to provide satisfaction to its customers at all times and to become a trusted partner for our stakeholders, including shareholders and investors, employees, customers and suppliers, and the local societies of the areas in which it operates. In addition to complying with all related laws and regulations, we will implement sound corporate activities consistent with social norms, and fulfill our responsibilities to society in accordance with our corporate mission.
The Core Subjects of ISO26000 and the Group's Activities
The Core Subjects of ISO26000 and the Group's Activities
 > About Introducing OKI's corporate profile, corporate philosophy, history, and more.
Information for shareholders and investors
Manufacturing and sales of products, technologies, software and solutions for telecommunications systems and information systems, including services distribution and constructions related to these businesses.
The missions of the Group are to contribute to the realization of an information society that enables to achieve the dreams and hopes of stakeholders and to ensure "peace of mind" for the people around the world through our activities accordingly. In parallel with such a global strategy, we will establish the brand as a reliable partner of our customers in the world in order to continue OKI's mission continuously.
Brand statement, "Open up your dreams," It expresses the value that the offers to our customers and all other stakeholders. It's OKI's commitments.
The Group Action Principles we enacted in September 2016 give formal expression to values shared by all Group executives and employees. Amid large changes in the business environment, we seek to embed these principles as extensively as we can into our practices with the commitments expressed in the Group Charter of Corporate Conduct and the Group Code of Conduct as the cornerstones of our corporate activities. We seek to realize our corporate philosophy by striving to embody our vision.
In 1881, only five years after Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, developed the first telephone in Japan. This is how began, becoming Japan’s first telecommunication equipment manufacturer.
“Enterprising” means trying something new without being attached to conventional ways. With OKI's corporate philosophy, “Enterprising Spirit,” we will continue to provide products that contribute to developing an information society and offer an enriched life to people around the world.
Mono-zukuri: to have the spirit and mind-set to innovate, create and improve products
Koto-zukuri: to work together, proactively seeking opportunities that deliver value to customers
With his enterprising spirit, Kibataro (1848-1906) was far ahead of his time in the late 1800s. In January 1881, convinced that the nation was about to enter the age of communications, he founded Meikosha, the origins of today's OKI.
The 120-Year History of Electric
The 120-Year History of Electric
As Japan's pioneering manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, got its start in 1881 when founder Kibataro manufactured Japan's first telephone. Since then, its spirit of proactively tackling the challenges of new frontiers has been documented and handed down to this day. The corporate philosophy, captured in the words: "The people of OKI, true to the company's "enterprising spirit," are committed to creating superior network solutions and providing excellent information and communications services globally to meet the diversified needs of communities worldwide in the information age."
The Group helps people around the world lead more comfortable and richer lives based on this philosophy and through sound business activities implemented in accordance with both common sense and applicable laws and regulations. We believe the foundations for increasing corporate value lie in earning the trust of all our stakeholders, including shareholders, investors, employees, business partners, and local communities, as well as in delivering peace of mind to customers at all times through our business activities.
Based on this philosophy and understanding, as a company that supports society's infrastructures, we deliver bank branch systems for financial institutions; telecommunications infrastructure and communication systems for enterprises; and transportation systems including flight control and Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) systems, as well as high-end consigned electronic manufacturing services reflecting our 135 years of technologies and experience.
We support the business activities of diverse clients by providing a wide range of products on a global basis, including mechatronics systems like ATMs for financial institutions and the distribution industry and printers and multifunction printers.
By delivering security and peace of mind to people around the world and realizing the visions and hopes of all our stakeholders, is committed to serving as a trusted global partner for customers around the world based on our brand statement: "Open up your dreams."
look forward to your continued support and understanding in the future.
Smaintains a corporate auditor system, with the Board of Directors and the Audit & Supervisory Board. With an executive officer system in place, it strives to promote timely decision making processes by separating business execution and oversight.
It endeavors to improve the fairness and transparency of management by nominating outside directors to the Board as well as setting up a voluntary committee on nomination, remuneration, etc. so as to ensure effective supervision from an independent and objective standpoint.
The Board of Directors in principle meets once a month but can call extraordinary meetings when necessary, and is responsible for deciding fundamental management policies and other important matters and overseeing business execution. To enhance management fairness and transparency, four of the Board's seven members (including one female member) are outside directors with a high level of independence. The chairman presides over meetings of the Board of Directors. To clarify management responsibility for each fiscal year, directors are appointed for single-year terms.
The Audit & Supervisory Board comprises four Audit & Supervisory Board members, two of which are outside Audit & Supervisory Board members with a high level of independence. Based on audit policies, methods, etc. decided at Audit & Supervisory Board meetings, Audit & Supervisory Board members attend Board of Directors' meetings and other important meetings, verify the content of reports received from directors, etc., and conduct investigations into matters concerning the Company's operations, financial status, etc. Collaborating closely with outside directors, the Internal Auditing Division, and the accounting auditors, Audit & Supervisory Board members audit the performance of duties by directors.
The Group recognizes sustainable growth and increasing corporate value over mid- and long-term as its most important management priorities in earning the trust of its various stakeholders. To this end, we are working to bolster and enhance corporate governance based on our fundamental policies, including "enhancement of management fairness and transparency," "timely decision-making processes," and "full compliance and fortification of risk management."
appoints executive officers to implement operations in accordance with management policies determined by the Board of Directors so as to separate the functions of business execution and oversight of management and promote timely decision-making processes. Moreover, to assist the president in making decisions, the Company has established the Management Committee.
has established the Personnel Affairs and Compensation Advisory Committee as a voluntary committee to secure transparency in the decision-making processes for appointments of board members and executive officers and remuneration for them. Outside directors play leading roles on the committee. After deliberating from an objective perspective on appointments or dismissals of board members and executive officers as well as the structure and level of their compensation etc., the committee reports its findings to the Board of Directors.
The Internal Auditing Division is tasked with internal auditing and its staff comprises nine internal auditors. The division must accurately perceive the actual state of compliance risk management across businesses and functions in the Group, and on that basis conduct internal audits for the purpose of identifying and preventing mistakes and errors as well as corruption in the operation of internal control systems with the goal of supporting operational improvements.
In order to secure transparency and objectiveness in the decision-making processes concerning compensation for officers, the Personnel Affairs and Compensation Advisory Committee deliberates on the structure and level of compensation for directors and executive officers from an objective viewpoint, and reports the results to the Board of Directors.
OKI's basic policy on compensation for directors and executive officers is to serve as incentives for the performance improvement with the aim of the continuous enhancement of the corporate value and the corporate competitiveness while being the compensation structure that can attract excellent human resources.
The compensation system consists of basic compensation, annual incentive compensation linked to the performance of each fiscal year, and compensation-type stock option as medium- to long-term incentive compensation. These changes have been implemented as part of efforts to develop an environment for a shift to the management focused on "more aggressive goal setting" and "growth over medium- to long-term" in order to achieve "continuous growth" of the Group.
When serving as executive officer concurrently, monetary compensation shall be paid, determined individually tailored to position, followed by duties.
Monetary compensation shall be paid, determined individually with a linkage with the past fiscal year's consolidated business performance of the Group and that of the division each director/executive officer is responsible for. The amount of payments is 35% of the basic compensation in case that the rate of payments is 100%. The rate of payments is determined within the scope of 0% to 200%, according to a linkage with business performance and the President's qualitative assessment.
Medium- to long-term incentive compensation
Compensation-type stock option shall be granted, around 13% of basic compensation amount, in the view of value sharing with shareholders and the enhancement of corporate value as well as shareholders' value over the medium- to long-term.
Compensation for outside directors consists only of basic compensation. In addition, the appropriateness of the structure and level of compensation is validated utilizing objective evaluation from external organizations and others.
 > Management Corporate Management Corporate As of July 1, 2018
We will conduct our corporate activities each day in accordance with this Code of Conduct while we perceive that earning the trust of stakeholders will increase the value of the brand.
Note: In this Code of Conduct, the Group shall refer to the group comprising Electric Industry Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies determined by the Board of Directors of Electric Industry Co., Ltd. to which this Code of Conduct shall be applied. “We” used in this Code of Conduct shall refer to all executives and employees (including temporary employees, contract employees, employees from placement agencies, and part-time employees) at any company of the Group.
Naturally, we will act in full compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of each country and region as well as with company rules. We will also act in accordance with societal norms fostering higher ethical standards. To that end, we will seek to foster corporate culture to "express, encourage others to express and listen to" own/their opinions and questions, so that we can immediately share information and issues.
In carrying out all aspects of our corporate activities, we will keep in mind our goal of contributing to the improvement of life for people around the world.
We will seek to deliver products and services that satisfy customers, always acting in consideration of the points of view of our customers generally.
We will seek to put first priority on delivery of safe products to customers, and will seek to realize products and services which are safe and can be used with ease and comfort.
We will seek to comply with the antitrust and fair-competition laws and regulations of all countries and regions in which we operate, striving to ensure fair and free competition.
We will seek to select business partners in fair and nondiscriminatory ways and engage in honest and fair transactions.
We will not give, offer or accept bribes, whether in cash or otherwise, to or from any third party, including but not restricted to government officials, customers or their representatives.
In case of donations and political contributions, we will first consider the necessity and appropriateness carefully, and then we will make only appropriate donations and political contributions in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and company rules.
To participate in activities of maintaining international peace and security, we will comply with the laws and regulations governing export controls for each country and region in which we operate.
We will conduct advertisement and publicity activities under industry ethical guidelines relying on facts.
We will manage the company’s tangible and intangible assets appropriately, refraining from unintended uses which conflict with proper business activities.
We will record and report financial and accounting-related information in an appropriate and correct manner. To avoid actions that may lead to any inaccurate records, we will comply with company rules and other relevant laws or regulations relating to our own duties.
We will refrain from any actions intended to result in personal gain or to the gain of third parties which are inconsistent with the rightful gains of the Group.
We will resolutely confront antisocial groups and criminal organizations that pose a threat to the order and security of civil society and all contact with such entities is strictly forbidden.
We will seek to promote good communications with our stakeholders to help build mutual trust.
We will seek to ensure the accuracy of the Group company information and to communicate such information in a timely and appropriate manner.
We will neither buy nor sell stock or other securities based on insider information, or information not publicly released from the Group or other companies, nor provide any such information to other parties.
We will diligently protect the rights for intellectual property created in the course of business activities and seek active use of such property. We will seek to respect the intellectual property rights of others and seek to avoid deliberate infringement of such rights.
We will manage, in an appropriate manner, confidential information belonging to our company, our customers or business partners, or other parties.
We will handle personal information in appropriate ways, taking actions to safeguard such information.
Recognizing the importance of information security, we will seek to prevent incidents such as information leaks.
In all aspects of our business activities, we will always seek to respect basic human rights, and discourage any language that discriminates against anyone or fails to acknowledge the personal dignity of any individual.
Respecting laws, regulations, and company rules concerning occupational safety and health, we will endeavor to maintain a safe and clean working environment.
Respecting the diversity of employees, we will endeavor to realize a comfortable working environment for all employees.
We will seek to create a working environment in which employees respect each other's individuality and are encouraged to express their own opinions, and to be creative and successfully take on challenges they may face.
We will seek to improve our abilities as needed for carrying out our business activities.
We will seek to provide environmentally-conscious products and services in all business processes, from product planning through manufacture, maintenance, and operations.
In our business activities, we will seek to conserve resources and energy while reducing waste.
We will work on the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity.
We will seek to comply with the environmental laws and regulations of each country and region in which we operate, as well as requirements agreed upon with customers and other requirements, and strive to prevent pollution.
Recognizing the importance of social contribution activities, we will seek to respect the mind of persons who take initiative roles voluntarily to contribute the society.
We will seek to understand and respect the cultures, customs, and other aspects of the countries and regions in which we operate.
Recognizing that the Group is a member of the local community, we will seek to build and maintain long-lasting relationships of trust in the communities in which our business facilities are located.
For the Thorough Implementation of Code of Conduct
Each executive of the group will take the initiative showing compliance behaviors with this Code of Conduct and fully inform employees for the thorough implementation through education etc. If any incidents that contravene this Code of Conduct occur, we will immediately investigate causes and implement measures for preventing a recurrence as well as clarifying where responsibilities lie.
An employee becoming aware of any actions that contravene or could contravene this Code of Conduct shall immediately report his/her supervisor or respective window to whistle blowing in his/her company. Each company of the group will not impose any unfair treatment on an employee who makes a report to the window in accordance with the whistle-blowing regulations.
An employee who is involved in any actions that contravene this Code of Conduct could be subject to a punishment for the action with reference to relevant laws or regulations or the Work Rules.
The Board of Directors of Electric Industry Co., Ltd. shall make decisions regarding the establishment, amendment, and abolition of this Code of Conduct.
As determined by resolution of the board of directors of each company of the Group, this Code of Conduct shall apply to all executives and employees.
When necessary in light of the laws, regulations, and practices of the countries in which it operates or of the nature of its businesses, each company of the Group may modify the content of this Code of Conduct by resolution of its board of directors as long as such modification does not conflict with this Code of Conduct.
TOKYO, November 27, 2018 -- (TOKYO: 6703) today released its Group Environmental Report 2018, a compilation of its environmental efforts during fiscal year 2017. The report is published annually to present to our stakeholders concepts, overviews, major initiatives, and related to Group environmental management. The document is scheduled to be published on the website at noon, JST.
The Group regards environmental management as an integration of its business management activities and environmental management activities. is pursuing environmental management throughout the supply chain in Japan and overseas, and is working to reduce environmental impact while ensuring business merits at each stage of the product life cycle (*) .
At production sites, this leads to energy-saving/resource conservation from the viewpoint of reduction of environmental impact and directly links to the reduction of production cost from the perspective of benefits for business. Also, at the stage of product usage by the customer, it ties directly to the reduction of production costs. At the customer usage stage, we broadly classify products into those that cycle between standby and startup, such as ATMs and printers, and those that operate continually such as communication equipment. The "Environmental Report 2018" addresses a broad range of life-cycle environmental management case studies in Japan and overseas.
As one example, Electric Industry (Shenzhen) (OSZ) in Shenzhen, China, which manufactures such products as Group's ATMs, cooperated with suppliers to change the cardboard packaging of procured parts to a returnable plastic box. This succeeded in halving the usage of cardboard. Additionally, the form of the returnable box has been shaped to enable the opened box to be placed into the production line as is, thereby reducing the cost of parts management.
Moving forward, the Group is committed to pursuing various efforts to improve operating efficiency, visualizing relevant information, and promoting environmental legal compliance. Beyond this, is constantly seeking to strengthen corporate value by improving its environmentally friendly products and securing business opportunities.
Basic Policy for Environmental Management
Linking Day-to-day Improvements to Reduction of Environmental Impact
Cross-sectional Environmental Management Activities Based on Site Characteristics
Environmental Management Conducted from a Life-cycle Perspective
Resource Conservation Activities Proceeding at Overseas Plants
Streamlining of Resource Input by 60% - Creation of "Katsu Space"
90% Energy Savings in Continuously Operating Equipment
Visualization of Operational Status - 90% Energy Savings by Mode Switching by Mode Switching
Reduction of Chemical Substances by Innovation of Manufacturing Method
Contributing to Energy-savings for Customers through Environment-friendly Design
ATM: 1.5 Times the Processing Speed, Half the Power Consumption during Standby
Realization of Zero Energy and Wireless Water-level Monitoring for Rivers
Founded in 1881, Electric Industry is Japan's leading telecommunications manufacturer in the Info-telecom field. Headquartered in Tokyo, Japan, provides top-quality products, technologies, and solutions to customers through its info-telecom systems and printer operations. Its various business divisions function synergistically to bring to market exciting new products and technologies that meet a wide range of customer needs in various sectors. Visit OKI's global website at https://www.oki.com/ .
* In this report, "life-cycle" refers to the sequence of processes corresponding to the "lifetime of a product". The perspective considers the total environmental impact in "design and development → procurement of raw materials and parts → production → transportation → use of product by customers and users → disposal/recycling of used products etc."
The names of the companies and products mentioned in this document are the trademarks or registered trademarks of the respective companies and organizations.
* Information in the press releases is current on the date of the press announcement, but is subject to change without prior notice.
For the betterment of corporate value, The Group (Electric Industry Co., Ltd. and members of its group of companies) seeks to provide satisfaction to its customers at all times and to become a trusted partner for our stakeholders, including shareholders and investors, employees, customers and suppliers, and the local societies of the areas in which it operates. In addition to complying with all related laws and regulations, the Group will implement sound corporate activities consistent with social norms, and contribute to the improvement of the quality of life for people around the world.
The Group is dedicated to developing and providing products and services that ensure continued customer satisfaction, in full consideration of safety and ease of use.
The Group conducts appropriate transactions and works to ensure fair, transparent, and free competition.
The Group engages with society through a variety of interactions, and discloses company information in manners that are appropriate and fair.
The Group recognizes the importance of intellectual property, and properly manages and protects company and customer information, including personal information.
The Group respects the human rights of all persons involved in its corporate activities and eliminates illicit discrimination of any kind. It does not allow child labor nor forced labor.
The Group ensures and maintains a safe and comfortable working environment for all employees.
In order to realize and pass on a better global environment, the Group promotes environmental management and makes efforts to conserve the environment through its products and its business activities.
As a good corporate citizen, the Group implements social contribution activities dedicated to the betterment of society.
The Group endeavors to build a positive relationship and grow together with local societies, respecting the cultures and customs of the countries and regions in which it operates.
