Test. Measure. Image. Analyze.
OKCorporation is an international company operating in industrial, medical and consumer markets, specializing in optics, electronics and precision engineering.
For Financial, Investor Relations, Company Profile and Historical information on Corporation, please visit the Global Corporate Information Site.
Our goal is to supply reliable, economical systems globally that enhance safety, security, quality and productivity for customers and that contribute to society. We are committed to actively pursuing the development of new technologies, products, and services that offer the best solutions to customers' needs. Our commitment to designing quality products is directly linked to our customers' responsibility to comply with the highest industry standards and regulations in order to ensure             public safety.
Our industrial testing instruments are available from the following companies, either directly or through its subsidiaries and distributors.
For information on other businesses in your area, please visit the Global Site.
Corporation (Scientific Solutions Business Company, Product Planning & Support Division)
Marketing, manufacturing and sales headquarters for Microscopes and Remote Visual Inspection (RVI) instruments.
View the full list of available training courses on our  Events page .
recognizes the important role training plays in the proper use of its instrumentation. Whether the need is theory, general operational training, or certification to a specific industry standard, is focused on helping you learn to use our technology to the fullest. 
In an effort to support the theory, operational, and code compliant training and consulting needs of our customer base, we have formed the Training Academy that comprises many of the industry-leading training and certification professionals from around the world.
Conventional Eddy Current and Eddy Current Array
Classes are regularly scheduled for frequently requested courses. Custom classes can be arranged directly at the customers’ facility or at the course location of our Training Academy members .
Descriptions, offerings, and contact information can be found on our website along with a planned class schedule. Class registration can be arranged directly with the chosen training member that best accommodates your needs. Many offer several consulting services beyond classroom training. Online training options are also available . 
Periodically we conduct technical seminars and workshops and participate in technical conferences across the world to demonstrate our newest technology advances. 
For more information on online training, including needs assessment, find your regional contact by contacting us.
Our Commitment to Integrity
Corporation of the Americas (OCA) and all of our businesses are subject to the laws, regulations and ethical standards in each industry we serve, some of which are unique to the health care and life sciences areas of our business. 
We are committed to complying with the laws, regulations and highest ethical standards, and adhering to our own Codes of Conduct which guide our business processes, decisions and behavior.
For Group companies worldwide, compliance with the law does not only mean following the letter of the law. It also means operating within a culture of compliance, and conducting our business in the spirit of corporate social responsibility. Earning and keeping the respect of our employees, business partners and our communities is of paramount importance.
To assist in maintaining the highest ethical standards, and to ensure that our core ethical values are embraced and understood at all levels of the organization and throughout our global operations, Corporation of the Americas has established a Code of Ethics (“Code”). Upon employment, each employee is required to certify that he or she has read the Code, understands it and agrees to comply with it. Furthermore, on an annual basis, all employees are required             to successfully complete on-line Ethics training and recertify their understanding and agreement to comply with the Code.
The core principles of our Code focus on:
Accomplishing innovation with integrity
Governing our Interactions with the Health Care and Life Sciences Industries
The Health Care Compliance Code of Conduct (“Compliance Code”) governs our interactions with our customers and health care professionals (“HCPs”). It also helps define our commitment as a corporation and as individuals to abide by the laws and industry standards that apply to our day-to-day interactions with our customers and HCPs.
Our Compliance Code is based on three fundamental principles:
Medical decisions should be focused on the best interests of patients.
Products must be promoted in a manner consistent with the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA) approved uses (indications) as listed in the product labeling.
Training HCPs and others how to utilize our products and services in a safe and effective manner is important to enhance the well-being of the patients they serve.
The Compliance Code for Corporation of the Americas is summarized in a guide entitled Keeping our Focus: Compliance Summary for Customers and Health Care Professionals (Focus Guide). View or download a copy of Olympus’ Focus Guide .
Olympus's commitment to a culture of compliance is fully supported by senior management and expects all Representatives to reflect that commitment through their actions and decision-making. fosters this culture of compliance by developing clear and consistent policies, conducting regular compliance trainings, encouraging open communication, responding timely to concerns and identified risks and administering corrective action when necessary. In the United                         States, plays an active role in the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed). The Compliance Program has been developed based upon published guidance from the Federal Government, and its foundational elements are also consistent with the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals (AdvaMed Code). has certified to the AdvaMed Code. has strict anti-bribery policies in place and is committed to complying with                         anti-corruption laws in every place in which we do business.
is committed to ethical behavior by all employees in compliance with the laws and regulations that govern our industry.  strives for ethical and compliant behavior.  If there is ever an instance where you believe we have failed to live up to our standards, please let us know so we can take corrective action and address the issue.  Every Representative (including Company personnel and agents) has a duty to report any actual or suspected                         violations of any laws, regulations, government health care program requirements, internal policies and procedures, or inappropriate actions. To ensure that allegations of improper or illegal conduct, activities or practices are heard and addressed, maintains an anonymous, confidential reporting system (the "Integrity Hotline").
The Integrity Hotline is maintained by a third-party, Ethics Point. Employees, customers, business partners and other third parties may make reports to the Integrity Hotline 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, every day of the year, by telephone or by using the internet. Ethics Point provides issue reporters with multi-lingual Hotline support and translation services.
When using the Integrity Hotline, issue reporters may elect to remain anonymous. In all cases, reports are treated with the utmost discretion. To maintain anonymity, issue reporters are assigned a unique code, called a “report key” within the Ethics Point system after reports are submitted, which is intended for the reporter’s eyes only.
The Integrity Hotline is accessed in the following manner:
In addition to the Integrity Hotline, welcomes any reporting of concerns about unethical or unlawful conduct directly to management, Human Resources, the Ethics Compliance Officer, the Legal Department and/or the Compliance Department. The Compliance Department can be reached directly via phone at 484-896-4472 or via email at compliance@olympus.com . Company policy prohibits retaliation against any individual for reporting concerns             to the Integrity Hotline or directly to management in good faith.Industrial Solutions
5 Things You Need to Know About Surface Metrology
In this webinar, you will learn about the history, instrumentation, measurement parameters, calibration, and applications of surface metrology. Specifically, we’ll discuss how you can use laser scanning confocal microscopy to improve your surface metrology inspections.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
						Subscribe to the Newsletter, an e-newsletter that will keep you posted on special offers, new products, or applications.
If you already have your personal enter it here:
Surface metrology, also known as surface roughness, is the study of the measurement and characterization of surface features.
Surface metrology not only connects product design with performance optimization and manufacturing yield, but it also provides insights for scientific discoveries and future engineering innovations. Multiple surface metrology technologies and techniques are available, making it difficult to choose the appropriate equipment for your specific application.
In this webinar, you will learn about the history, instrumentation, measurement parameters, calibration, and applications of surface metrology. Specifically, we’ll discuss how you can use laser scanning confocal microscopy to improve your surface metrology inspections.
			Dr. Guangnan Meng is a product manager of industrial microscopy and metrology at Corporation of the Americas. He holds a Ph.in physics and has many years of experience in materials science, applied physics, analytical instruments, and the semiconductor industry.
Let us know what you're looking for by filling out the form below.
