SolSource harnesses solar energy to cook your food to perfection.
tailgating, picnics and more.
This powerful backyard solar grill heats up 5x faster than charcoal.
Easy to use, clean and safe
The cookware heats up five times faster than traditional charcoal. That means you can get cooking easier, faster. It is easy to clean and safe to use.
100% Pollution free cooking
The solar cooker operates with just direct sun light from our sun. No gas, no charcoal, no biomass – just inexhaustible solar energy.
100% Recyclable
We engineered our products for top outdoor performance while upholding rigorous ethical and environmental standards. This is a 100% recyclable product.
From a half-hour after sunrise until a half hour before sunset,
suited to all your delicious recipes.
Lucy Sherriff / The Huffington Post UK
SolSource solar cooker offers a fast, low-carbon option for home cooking
At Tesla, we constantly question the status quo and think about how we could be doing things better. That’s why we’re making solar-powered cars and that’s why we grill on SolSource. Harnessing the power of the sun allows us to eat healthy food cooked with clean energy. Solar cars and solar kitchens – that’s a great place to start our energy revolution
Ever needed to heat a large quantity of water? Praxis Prepper used SolSource to heat 4 gallons of rain water from 70°to 130°in two hours. The water was more than hot enough for a bath or other domestic use.
Praxis Prepper / YouTube
As seen in
Receive news and inspirational idea for solar cooking, disaster preparedness and off grid living, as well as special promotions.
At Designs, we recognise there are better, cleaner and more efficient ways to meet our future energy needs. Nature has already given us inspiration in the form of photosynthesis, which turns sunlight efficiently into energy and storing it in organic molecules for later use. With that inspiration, we have developed technologies that are 92% efficient in turning sunlight into energy (heat) directly. Our SolSource brand of solar cookers are the most efficient on the market. We are also developing technologies that can store this energy in organic compounds. The adoption of these technologies can help us transition into the age of sunlight.
We operate a non-profit organisation, that focuses on bringing clean energy solutions to the developing world. Find out more at our non-profit website: www.OneEarthDesigns.org
High-performance products that create measurable impact.
started in a humble home in the Himalayas. We delivered our first 6,000 SolSource solar stoves to rural nomads and farmers by motorcyle, horse-back, yak-back. Today, in addition to grilling up delicious summer picnics, our products provide clean solar energy to families facing extreme fuel scarcity and bring cleaner air to tens of thousands of people across developing regions.
Energy poverty and indoor air pollution afflicting the nomadic communities in the Himalayas.
Inspired by the nomad’s recognition of the awesome power of the sun, Dr Powers set out to research and develop powerful, durable and safe solutions to meet the communities’ energy needs.
Our product development journey involved hurling yak dung, riding on horseback, and gaining trust of the nomadic communities. The SolSource Classic is the culmination of tireless prototyping, supportive nomadic communities in the Himalayas, and our unflinching desire to develop a clean energy solution that can benefit mankind.
making meaningful improvements to people’s live
To date, we have delivered over 5,000 SolSources to Himalayans on yak and horseback. Consumers can also get their Himalaya-tested SolSource for their outdoor kitchens and off-grid homes.
Our mission is to design products that help people thrive within the resources of our Earth. We believe that, by harnessing small daily activities for good, we can make meaningful change. As both a legal and certified Corp , we seek to create design solutions that integrate social, environmental, and financial sustainability.
CO-& CEO
Dr. Catlin Powers is co-founder and of Designs, which she has led from its humble beginnings in the Himalayas to reach customers on six continents. Dr. Powers received her doctorate from Harvard University, holds two solar energy patents, and serves on the technical advisory committee to the International Standards Organization.
Mr. Fisher comes with a wealth of experience in bringing innovative products to market. His expertise includes product development, business processes and and supply chain management. He is also an impact investor, and recently founded Giinseng promoting sustainable investments in social enterprises.
HIN-WONG
Dr. Wong has extensive experience in corporate communications, digital marketing and advertising, having worked on many exciting global brand, marketing and communication projects for clients in sectors such as luxury automotive, heating solutions, cultural diplomacy, mobile communications, third-sector and governmental organisations.
GROSSMAN
Dr Grossman is Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at MIT.
Receive news and inspirational idea for solar cooking, disaster preparedness and off grid living, as well as special promotions.
