Dry technology continues to advance the field of See the advances
Transfusion medicine has evolved in order to enhance safety and establish critical efficiencies
, taking the proven quality and patient care that represents VITROS
 today and enables it to meet your needs in the future.
Featuring the VISION® Analyzer
—the first-ever system with Responsive Automation, designed to address critical efficiency and safety concerns
Ortho Clinical Hits the Road with Interactive, Cross-Country Tour of Mobile Experience Center
Ortho Clinical Revolutionizes Lab Tech
An educational reference tool that combines 2 handy tools—the Rh Genotype Calculator and the Antibody Index—into one. Download the Pocket Blood Banker™ app for:
                                Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
Harnessing the power of reimagination. It’s how Ortho Clinical has been transforming in vitro for more than 75 years. It’s made us a trusted partner of hospitals, hospital networks, blood banks, and labs around the world. And today it’s empowering us to advise our customers as they prepare for what’s next.
Our purpose is simple: to improve and save lives with diagnostics. We do that by reimagining what’s possible. It’s what defines us. Watch this video to learn more about our Company and the Ortho difference.
Ortho Clinical is a leading global provider of in vitro diagnostics. We have an established track record for providing high-quality products and services to the global clinical laboratory and immunohematology communities.
For more than 75 years, Ortho has pioneered life-impacting advances, from our earliest work in blood typing to the latest developments in laboratory systems. Scientific advances that have helped medical professionals diagnose conditions early and make better-informed treatment decisions. Our legacy inspires us every day and continues to drive us forward.
Led by Chairman and Martin Madaus, our leadership team has deep industry and transformational experience. The team works to advance the strategic sectors of our business and enhance the value we bring to our customers every day.
We believe that collaboration is essential to finding better ways to advance laboratory operations and improve and save lives with diagnostics. That’s why we partner with organizations throughout the global clinical laboratory and immunohematology communities.
Being considerate of the earth and its resources is a longstanding commitment of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics. We demonstrate this commitment in two fundamental ways—environmentally responsible operations and the incorporation of product stewardship into the design of our products.
At Ortho, we recruit the best and brightest around the world—people who are performance driven, want to make a difference and who help us grow our leadership position in a changing marketplace. We offer positions across several areas, such as Research & Development, Quality, Manufacturing Operations, Marketing, Sales, Information Management, and Finance.
Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
{}Global Leader of In Vitro Harnessing the power of reimagination. It's how Ortho Clinical has been transforming in vitro for more than 75 years. It's made us a trusted partner of hospitals, hospital networks, blood banks, and labs around the world. And today it's empowering us to advise our customers as they prepare for what's next.
From our earliest work in blood typing to the latest developments in laboratory systems, we've pioneered life-impacting advances. Scientific advances that have helped medical professionals diagnose conditions early and make better-informed treatment decisions. Our legacy inspires us every day and continues to drive us forward.
Today's health care environment is complex. Regulatory standards and scrutiny is increasing, and change is everywhere. In emerging markets there is an ongoing pursuit for higher standards of care, while in developed countries pressures to control costs and seek greater efficiencies are inescapable. At Ortho, we know that scalable and standardized platforms, competitive test menus, and flexible, automated solutions are essential to help navigate this challenging landscape ─ and we are committed to building solutions that address these needs.
Today, we are continuing to redefine what scalability means. We know that wherever testing gets done, whether at a large hospital, a smaller lab or across a network, high-quality, reliable results are the bottom line. It's about simplicity. It's about providing solutions that are designed to enhance medical value and improve patient care. Solutions that are efficient, and automate what were once complicated processes so that medical professionals can focus on what really matters.
Our purpose is simple: to improve and save lives with diagnostics. We do that by reimagining what's possible. It's what defines us. It's the Ortho difference.
Ortho's clinical laboratories business includes testing platforms and clinical assay tests to monitor disease progression across multiple disease categories including infectious diseases, cardiology and endocrinology. We simplify lab operations so that medical professionals can focus on improving patient care.
Our world-class immunoassays span all major disease categories providing actionable diagnostic insights that provide medical value for health care professionals ─ and we're committed to expanding our menu.
Ortho has reimagined clinical lab flexibility through its patented dry slide technology. Its reliable, accurate, precise testing ended a long industry reliance on liquid chemistry and simplified lab operations. Ortho is the only global provider of this technology which helps eliminate variables associated with water quality, which can impact the integrity of test results.
For specific product information, please visit our Solutions & Products section.
Immunohematology is commonly referred to as blood banking, the area of laboratory medicine that ensures appropriate and compatible components for blood transfusions.
Ortho is the market leader in immunohematology, having pioneered life-impacting advances, from our earliest work in blood typing to the latest developments in laboratory systems. Our blood typing products help ensure every patient receives blood that is safe, the right type, and the right unit.
For specific product information, please visit our Solutions & Products section.
Our purpose is simple: to improve and save lives with diagnostics. Watch this video to learn more about our Company and the Ortho difference.
Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
Dry technology continues to advance the field of See the advances
Transfusion medicine has evolved in order to enhance safety and establish critical efficiencies
For more than 75 years, Ortho Clinical has been guided by its purpose: to improve and save lives with diagnostics. Review our timeline to discover important moments throughout our rich history of pioneering life-impacting advances.
Brings innovative new approach to clinical lab management.
 in the Best New Product Awards™ category
Ortho Clinical and Thermo Fisher Scientific 
LeFonti AWARD® for Excellence in Innovation
Edison Award™ for Outstanding Product Innovation
, for its VISION® Platform of fully automated analyzers, which test blood for compatibility before it is used in transfusions
 Platform of fully automated blood analyzers for low-, mid- and high-volume transfusion medicine laboratories receives approval by the China Food and Drug Administration
The clears VISION® Max Analyzer for High-Volume Transfusion Medicine Labs, making it commercially available in the U.S.
 Chemistry, Immunoand Integrated Systems, allowing clinical laboratories to improve results throughout diagnostic testing
, making it commercially available in those countries that accept Mark
VISION™ Analyzer available in U.S.
Ortho Clinical receives 510(k) clearance for VISION™ Analyzer, making it commercially available in the United States. VISION™ Analyzer automates the full range of immunohematology testing and helps improve the safety of blood transfusions by reducing the lab's reliance on manual methods
Automation Solutions released in and non-regulated markets
 Automation Solutions released in and non-regulated markets
 Max Analyzer for High-Volume Transfusion Medicine Labs, becoming commercially available in Europe and Japan
Ortho Clinical receives Mark for VISION™ Analyzer, making it commercially available in Europe, Japan and Australia
 4600 Chemistry System for mid- to high-volume laboratories
Ortho Clinical launches the first FDA-licensed test to screen blood donations for exposure to Chagas' disease
Ortho Clinical launches the first FDA-licensed test to screen blood donations for exposure to Chagas' disease
 ECiImmunodiagnostic System and the AutoVue
Ortho Clinical acquires Micro Typing Systems of Pompano Beach, Florida, the manufacturer of the ID-Micro Typing System™ (ID-MTS) used in hospitals and donor centers to help to ensure safe and effective blood transfusions
Ortho Clinical becomes the first diagnostic company to receive approval for automated random access hepatitis tests, on the VITROS
Ortho Clinical becomes the first diagnostic company to receive approval for automated random access hepatitis tests, on the VITROS® ECi Immunodiagnostic System (for diagnostic use only; not for blood screening)
Ortho Clinical releases the Core Antigen Test System
Ortho Clinical releases the Core Antigen Test System—the first test commercially available for the direct detection in blood and plasma of core antigen, a marker of early infection in hepatitis C–infected individuals
Ortho Clinical becomes one of the first diagnostic industry suppliers to offer contracted implementation services
Ortho Clinical becomes one of the first diagnostic industry suppliers to offer contracted implementation services that can significantly reduce clinical laboratory costs through operational efficiencies and streamlined processes
Ortho Clinical introduces the AutoVue
Ortho Clinical introduces the AutoVue® System, the first fully automated blood banking system in Europe
Ortho Clinical is formed from the merger of two Johnson & Johnson companies
Ortho Clinical is formed from the merger of two Johnson & Johnson companies: Ortho Diagnostic Systems, a worldwide leader in transfusion medicine reagents and instrument systems, and Johnson & Johnson Clinical (formerly a division of Eastman Kodak Co.), a worldwide leader in clinical laboratory systems
Ortho Products introduces the most advanced immunodiagnostic system available in the industry, the VITROS
Ortho Clinical introduces the Ortho Summit™ System, the first fully automated blood and plasma screening system available in the US
Ortho Products introduces the first test for the detection of antibodies to hepatitis C
Ortho Products introduces the first test for the detection of antibodies to hepatitis C
Ortho Products introduces patented thin-film dry slide technology
Ortho Products introduces patented thin-film dry slide technology, once again revolutionizing the field of by providing clinical professionals with the means to receive high-quality results quickly, cleanly, and economically
Ortho Products develops the first blood bank anti-test for the clinical market
Ortho Products develops the first blood bank anti-test for the clinical market. This is a revolutionary advance in the burgeoning blood banking industry.
Dr. Philip Levine, a pioneer in the field of hematology, joins Ortho Products to continue his breakthrough research into the mechanics of the Rh system in human blood. This marks the beginning of the company's commitment to diagnostic medicine. Among Dr. Levine's many contributions is research that leads to the development of Rh immune globulin to protect Rh-negative women against isoimmunization, saving the lives of thousands of babies.
Ortho Products, Inc., is formed
Ortho Products, Inc., is formed in Linden, New Jersey, as a division of Johnson & Johnson
We ask that only members of the media use this contact information for assistance. After hours, please contact our media representative by email. Please put "DEADLINE" in the subject line and be as specific as possible in your request.
                                Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
Dry technology continues to advance the field of See the advances
Transfusion medicine has evolved in order to enhance safety and establish critical efficiencies
At Ortho, we believe that collaboration is essential to finding new ways to enhance laboratory operations and improve and save lives with diagnostics. That’s why we partner with organizations throughout the clinical laboratory and immunohematology communities — to work collaboratively, ensure the highest standards, and support our industry's dedicated medical professionals.
AABB is an international, not-for-profit association representing individuals and institutions involved in the field of transfusion medicine and cellular therapies.  The association is committed to improving health by developing and delivering standards, accreditation, and educational programs that focus on optimizing patient and donor care and safety.
is a global scientific and medical professional organization dedicated to clinical laboratory science and its application to healthcare. The organization’s leadership in education, advocacy, and collaboration helps lab professionals adapt to change and do what they do best: provide vital insight and guidance so patients get the care they need.
American Society for Clinical Laboratory Science (ASCLS)  
The American Society for Clinical Laboratory Science is the preeminent organization for clinical laboratory science practitioners. provides dynamic leadership and vigorously promotes all aspects of clinical laboratory science practice, education, and management to ensure excellent, accessible, cost-effective laboratory services for the consumers of healthcare.
The International Federation of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine (IFCC) is a worldwide, nonpolitical organization for clinical chemistry and laboratory medicine. As such it has a range of roles that include (1) global standard setting in collaboration with other international organizations, (2) supporting its members through scientific and educational endeavor, and (3) providing a series of congresses, conferences, and focused meetings in order for laboratory medicine specialists to meet and present original findings and best practice.
International Society of Blood Transfusion (ISBT)  
The International Society of Blood Transfusion (ISBT) is the premier international professional society for the field encompassing transfusion and transplantation science and medicine. With a long and respected history of achievement, its current strategic vision is: “Facilitating knowledge about transfusion medicine to serve the interests of donors and patients.”
We ask that only members of the media use this contact information for assistance. After hours, please contact our media representative by email. Please put "DEADLINE" in the subject line and be as specific as possible in your request.
                                Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
Recognized as One of the Most Influential Companies in the Medical Device/Diagnostic Category
RARITAN, - Ortho Clinical (Ortho), a global leader of in vitro diagnostics, has been named The Trailblazer 2018 Company of the Year in the Medical Device/Category by PM360, a respected publication for marketing decision-makers in the pharmaceutical, biotech and medical device industries. This recognition, selected by the PM360 Editorial Advisory Board, recognizes companies that have made a significant impact in the health care industry through achievements in innovation, social responsibility and talent development.
“Since becoming an independent company in 2014, Ortho has steadily grown revenues and installed customer base, all while delivering dozens of products that improve lab operations and enable new diagnostic insights,” said Martin Madaus, chairman and of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics. “This recognition from PM360 is an honor for all the employees who have worked hard to grow the company while serving the needs of our customers.”
Since the 2014 carve-out from its former parent company, Ortho has achieved steady, year-over-year growth, while delivering critical new products for the clinical labs and immunohematology communities. Among recent key launches: Ortho’s VITROS® 7600 Integrated System, a next-generation clinical lab analyzer that brings digital chemistry to diagnostics; and VISION® Platform, the first fully automated portfolio of immunohematology instruments, which analyze blood for use in transfusion.  The company is on track to deliver more than 60 new or enhanced assays from 2014 to 2018. 
Ortho is equally committed to innovation in customer service and support.  The award-winning, top-ranked Ortho Care™ program employs remote monitoring, predictive analytics and e-connectivity functionality to maximize uptime and reliability of Ortho technology installed in customer sites around the world.
Ortho has helped to significantly reduce the environmental footprint of its customers around the world, because Ortho’s proprietary dry slide technology does not require water or drains to operate. In contrast, the systems of other in vitro companies use enough water to fill thousands, even millions, of 8-ounce water bottles.1 Ortho is the only global provider of dry slide technology.
Ortho is just as determined to support sustainability at its own sites.The company’s global headquarters in Raritan, N.J., is recognized as an Environmental Stewardship Site by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection. Ortho’s global center of excellence for R&in Rochester, N.Y., is a member of the New York Green Business Program (formerly the Environmental Leaders Program), one of only 14 companies in New York certified as a charter member of the program, which recognizes superior environmental performance.  Worldwide, Ortho reduced landfill waste by 17 percent from 2015 to 2017, and achieved a zero landfill status at its Pencoed, Wales facility in 2016 and 2017.
Ortho shaped a distinct culture that emphasizes talent management and the company’s commitment to customers. The results illustrate a great place to work: ninety-eight percent of legacy employees followed Ortho into independence and more than 2,200 employees have joined the company since 2014. In addition, Ortho was recognized as a Great Place To Work® in India earlier this year.
“As a winner of the medical device and category, Ortho demonstrated incredible work in delivering innovation, social responsibility and talent development in one of the most critical sectors of the health care industry,” said Anna Stashower, and Publisher of PM360. “Ortho is on the frontlines and leading the charge in diagnostics. We are proud to honor and put the spotlight on this innovative organization.”
About Ortho Clinical Ortho Clinical is a global leader of in vitro serving the clinical laboratory and immunohematology communities. Across hospitals, hospital networks, blood banks and labs in more than 125 countries and territories, Ortho's high-quality products and services enable health care professionals to make better-informed treatment decisions. For the immunohematology community, Ortho's blood typing products help ensure every patient receives blood that is safe, the right type and the right unit. Ortho brings sophisticated testing technologies, automation, information management and interpretation tools to clinical laboratories around the world to help them run more efficiently and effectively and improve patient care. Ortho's purpose is to improve and save lives with diagnostics, and it does that by reimagining what's possible. This is what has defined Ortho for more than 75 years, and it's what drives Ortho forward. For more information, visit www.orthoclinicaldiagnostics.com .
Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
{}Clears VITROS® 7600 Integrated System from Ortho Clinical Diagnostics, Bringing Innovative New Approach to Clinical Lab Management
CHEMISTRY™ Technology Enables Powerful Data Intelligence, Operational Improvements and Other Enhancements in the Lab
RARITAN, – Ortho Clinical Diagnostics, a global leader of in vitro diagnostics, today announced that it has received clearance for Ortho’s VITROS® 7600 Integrated System .
With this approval, Ortho introduces CHEMISTRY™ technology to clinical lab management in the by combining Ortho’s proprietary MicroSlide technology with sophisticated digital imaging capabilities and the potential to perform two separate lab tests simultaneously. CHEMISTRY™ brings powerful data intelligence, operational improvements and heightened quality to the lab to help clinical laboratories keep pace with a rapidly evolving global health care environment, without requiring additional lab space.
“It’s an exciting time for clinical labs, and today’s clearance of Ortho’s VITROS® 7600 System represents a fundamental improvement in the way labs can operate, now and in the future,” said Jennifer Paine, Ortho’s Chief Product Portfolio Officer.  “VITROS® 7600, along with CHEMISTRY™, harnesses the power of our proprietary dry slide technology to deliver high-quality test results and higher throughput -- all within the lab’s existing physical footprint.”
Digital imaging technology.  Advanced optics glean significantly more information from testing than before, improving performance and enabling powerful data analysis.
MicroSlide. full testing environment on a postage-stamp-sized piece of film enables precise and accurate testing.
Dry technology. Unlike traditional wet chemistry systems, which require highly purified water and complex plumbing systems to operate, Ortho’s proprietary dry slide technology does not require water to run.  This eliminates the risk that poor water quality could impact test results.
“Ortho’s MicroSlide, paired with Intellichek monitoring, allows me to sleep at night because know the results reported by our technologists on more than 1,000 patients nightly are accurate,” said Jaime Calnan, Laboratory Manager at Central Ohio Primary Care Physicians in Columbus, Ohio. “We have been an Ortho customer for more than ten years, and we welcome this new innovation.”
In addition, Ortho’s VITROS® 7600 will introduce multi-test processing1 – the potential to offer two tests per slide instead of one -- to clinical chemistry. Multi-test processing1 will allow the instrument to simultaneously perform tests that are frequently ordered for the same patient. This saves time and space in the lab, and increases productivity, with less patient sample required for testing, an important advantage for vulnerable patients or those with venous access issues.
The Ortho VITROS® 7600 Integrated System has received clearance to market, and will be available for purchase in the first quarter of 2019. The product is currently available for purchase in numerous countries in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, Latin America and Canada.
The VITROS® Chemistry, Immunoand Integrated Systems from Ortho Clinical is a portfolio of products and patented enabling technologies which help clinical laboratories diagnose, monitor and treat disease.  VITROS® Products are engineered to help clinical laboratories with organizational, operational and economic challenges.
About Ortho Clinical Ortho Clinical is a global leader of in vitro serving the clinical laboratory and immunohematology communities. Across hospitals, hospital networks, blood banks and labs in more than 125 countries and territories, Ortho’s high-quality products and services enable health care professionals to make better-informed treatment decisions. For the immunohematology community, Ortho’s blood typing products help ensure every patient receives blood that is safe, the right type and the right unit. Ortho brings sophisticated testing technologies, automation, information management and interpretation tools to clinical laboratories around the world to help them run more efficiently and effectively and improve patient care. Ortho’s purpose is to improve and save lives with diagnostics, and it does that by reimagining what’s possible. This is what has defined Ortho for more than 75 years, and it’s what drives Ortho forward. For more information, visit www.orthoclinicaldiagnostics.com .
Arrange a meeting with a representative to learn more about how we can support your lab and view a product demonstration
Ortho Clinical is a proud supporter of the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Healthcare Professionals.
