Quantum Dots enabling high-quality, energy-efficient solid-state lighting
is a technology company developing and manufacturing high performance nanomaterials as alternatives to conventional phosphors in solid-state lighting and display applications. By replacing phosphors, our on-chip quantum dot products boost efficacy by up to 30% while simultaneously achieving high (90+) and high R9 (50+) values.  Built-in encapsulation layers mean that our quantum dots are designed from the ground up to withstand the rigors of on-chip operation.Menu
(PLT) is a world leader in optical nanomaterials development and manufacturing.  is developing rare-earth-free downconverter materials for high-efficiency solid state lighting (SSL) and displays, and is the only quantum dot company capable of on-chip integration into an package.   PLT’s combination of intellectual property and technology expertise allows a new realm of high-performance materials that can stand up to the harsh environmental realities of medium and high-power LEDs.
The founders, previously at SpectraWatt, first worked on quantum dot downconverters for solar applications, but soon realized that even greater potential existed in the market.  PLT’s R&team is now building from their academic and commercial experience to develop innovative solutions that work in the high temperature, high flux environment of an package.  These nanomaterials are capable of converting blue emission to green and red or any color in the visible spectrum for the purpose of generating efficient, high color-quality, warm-white lighting as well as wide color gamut displays that surpass the performance of rare-earth phosphors.  has assembled a team of experts in the fields of quantum dot nanomaterials, polymer chemistry, and optoelectronics technology commercialization. The company has fully outfitted development and testing labs located in Portland, OR., and is currently sampling key customers in the industry.
Our mission is to make all color-converted LEDs operate with higher color quality and higher efficiency than is possible today.Skip to content
Quantum Dots enabling high-quality, energy-efficient solid-state lighting
 is an early stage venture capital firm committed to delivering superior financial returns through investments in companies, primarily in the Northwest, that will be leaders in the emerging sustainable economy. The sustainable economy is characterized by a dramatic shift in the demand for clean energy, safe water, clean air, ‘green’ materials and sustainable agriculture.
) is a highly structured, professionally managed, investor-driven angel fund. The fund provides accredited investors privileged access to the most promising startups and early-stage growth companies in Oregon and Washington. Investors in 
 have the option of receiving memberships in the 
Doug Barnes, President and Chief Executive Officer, is a seasoned executive in the electronics and water industries. He served as Chief Operating Officer of NanoH2O, Inc., a provider of reverse osmosis membranes for the desalination market, which was acquired by Chem in 2014. From 1986 to 2011 Mr. Barnes served in several executive roles at Planar Systems, Inc. in Beaverton Oregon, including and General Manager of the specialty display business for 5 years, as well and of Global Manufacturing at Planar Systems for 12 years. Doug graduated from Stanford University with a in Industrial Engineering.
Juanita has a broad background in nanomaterials research and development with direct applications in transistors, solar cells, and emitting diodes. She started her post-academic career leading nanomaterials research efforts at Intel. Prior to founding PLT, Dr. Kurtin was the of R&at SpectraWatt, a solar cell manufacturing company, which was spun out of Intel in 2008.
Dr. Kurtin obtained her degree in Chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and her Ph.in Physical Chemistry from the University of California at Berkeley, studying with quantum dot pioneer Dr. Paul Alivisatos.Menu
is a technology company developing and manufacturing high performance nanomaterials as alternatives to conventional phosphors in solid-state lighting and display applications. By replacing phosphors our products boost efficacy by up to 30% and enable a color gamut not possible with state-of-the-art display technology.
