At PARC, we bring together scientific creativity and expertise to help organizations turn possibilities into real breakthroughs.
We partner with organizations at every stage of the innovation journey – from early stage concept exploration to prototype development or commercialization.
Our innovations are centered around a series of Focus Areas that are led by scientists, engineers and designers with deep expertise in their fields.
What's new at parc
Our Cleanroom facilities allow clients to develop novel prototype devices and technologies quickly and cost-effectively.
We work with global industrial and government organizations, providing solutions that help them respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape.
We work with global industrial and government organizations, providing solutions that help them respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape.
We work with global industrial and government organizations, providing solutions that help them respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape.
We believe that science can be the starting point for economic impact. We combine intellectual rigor with professional curiosity, revered history with immediate energy, and diverse capabilities with commercial focus to help organizations find technological solutions to complex challenges.
Working with means having a dedicated partner that thinks laterally to solve problems. For every new project or partnership, we form a custom, multi-disciplinary team, full of ideas and expertise, so every client benefits from truly unique thinking.
While our focus is on creating technologies that improve the world, is a people business. Our innovators drive our approach to scientific creativity. Whether you’re an R&director, science professional or ambitious startup, we can help you explore possibilities and embed new technologies at pace.
“We are interested in enabling common ground between people and machine-learning systems,” says Fellow Mark Stefik
Explore new scientific frontiers with our team of world-leading scientists and innovators
People are integral to PARC’s mission, values and ideas. We want to continuously improve the human experience of technology, and are always looking for new colleagues who can make that happen.
To achieve our goals, we look to make a place where entrepreneurial scientists can thrive, where scientific creativity becomes real innovation, and where everyone can make an impact. We offer the stability of a large company, the entrepreneurial spirit of a startup, and the intellectually stimulating environment of academia.
When you’re with us, you’ll enjoy freedom and autonomy, working for different clients across multiple industries, and collaborating with the best and brightest minds in technology.
If you want to create solutions to the most challenging innovation problems in the world, we want you.
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
Located in Silicon Valley, is a renowned Open Innovation company that’s been at the heart of some of the most important technological breakthroughs of our time. We bring leading scientists, engineers and designers together to form bespoke teams across a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of technology, science and innovation.
Creativity and science are core to PARC’s mission to reduce the time and risk attached to innovation. We draw on our revered history and our energy for the future to create technologies that improve our world and solve complex challenges.
Working with means benefiting from something unique. Because every technological challenge is different, the team you work with will assemble and grow organically, based on your innovation goals. It’s this approach to combining expertise and capabilities that has led to some of our most interesting and exciting R&D, technology and projects with startups, government agencies and Fortune 500 partners.
Find out more working with us or even for us.
At PARC, we concentrate our thinking on a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of technology. From to digital design and manufacturing, novel printing to microsystems, Ioto the workplace, our Focus Areas sit at the of our innovation. In turn, each individual Focus Area is enabled by a set of core Competencies where our collective expertise and capabilities come to life.
was founded in 1970 as Xerox In 2002, was incorporated, creating a wholly owned, independent subsidiary of Xerox Corporation. Since its inception, has created $1 trillion in new industries, $60 billion in startups and spin-offs, and almost 6,000 patents and patent applications.
Our people are integral to how we help organizations respond to a rapidly changing technology landscape. With over 150 scientists, engineers and designers, we are able to create new teams for every project we work on, combining creative thinkers and innovators from a variety of backgrounds.
“The mission of is essentially to create the Open Innovation of the 21st century. We’re in the business of breakthrough innovation. That requires the ability to translate science into market impact. And that’s what we’ve been doing for many years.”
Tolga Kurtoglu, CEO, PARC
is made up of leading scientists, supported by business and operational staff, from over 25 countries. Together, we have generated almost 6,000 patents and patent applications, have published more than 4,000 papers and over 100 books, and present at a wide range of conferences every year. Most of our scientists hold doctoral degrees.
We know that our people are integral to our mission to deliver the unexpected and reduce the time and risk attached to innovation. To create the conditions in which scientists and thinkers can thrive, we ensure that everyone at enjoys freedom, autonomy and the ability to share experiences and expertise. Select a profile below to find out more about a member of our team.
Innovation project experience in various fields including construction, project management in an company, and everyday life of consumers
Ph.and M.S., Electrical Engineering, Purdue University; B.S., Electrical Engineering, University of Texas at Arlington
high-level understanding and interpretation of images and has led to novel theories of human vision
applies computer vision and machine learning to the task of analyzing images of documents to enable computers to understand and interpret documents in the same ways humans can
Electrochemical desalination, electrochemical CO2 pumping, and functional materials for 3D-printing
Ph.D., Chemistry, Stanford University; A.M., Chemistry, Harvard University; A.B, Chemistry and Physics, Harvard University
postdoc on interoperability at (affiliated with Berkeley); Ph.D., Mechanical Engineering, UConn; M.Sc., Computer Science and Engineering, UConn; B.Sc., Mechanical Engineering, University of Tehran.
Previously Program Manager of Digital Design and Manufacturing Program and Managing Director, Global Business Operations
M.S., Management from Stanford Graduate School of Business; B.S., Business Administration and Economics, Umea University, Sweden.
superconductivity in novel materials and systems
Ph.D., Stanford University; B.A., Princeton University
over 100 patents; Fellow of the APS
enterprise collaboration and content management, intelligence analysis, medical sensemaking, and historical collections
user interface software; techniques for sharing computers among multiple users; entity-based notebooks
Responsible for helping partners leverage PARC’s immense portfolio of capability, technology/IP, and services for innovating and creating success in rapidly changing landscapes
and B.S., Electrical Engineering, Santa Clara University, California
infrastructure includes Si and optoelectronic fabrication lines for prototype devices
Fellow of the American Physical Society
over 140 publications and 25 issued patents
previously Humboldt Fellow at Max-Planck-Institute for Semiconductor Research; at Stanford University
Ph.D., Applied Physics, Stanford University; Applied & Engineering Physics, Cornell University
M.S., B.S., Materials Science and Engineering, Stanford University
Condition monitoring, fault diagnostics and fault prognostics
Ph. D., Electrical Engineering, University of Nebraska-Lincoln; Eng., Electrical Engineering, Zhejiang University, China
18 publications and one patent
Ph.and Materials Science, Berkeley; Materials Science, Physics, MIT
microsprings for integrated circuit packaging and testing; novel viscous liquid printing concepts; xerographic micro-chip assembly
thin-film transistor integration with MEMS; large-area printed organic electronics Ph.and M.S., Electrical Engineering, & in management science and engineering, Stanford University; B.S., engineering physics, Berkeley
epitaxy, design, and fabrication of nitride-based visible and ultra-violet
designed and built world’s most densely-packed array
two best paper awards and 60 patents
Ph.D., Electrical Engineering, Cornell University; B.S., Physics, Electrical Engineering, M.I.T.
systems engineering, distributed sensor networks, machine learning, data analysis, robotics, and neurotechnology
3 patents (more pending) and 7 publications with over 1400 citations in the fields of optics and neuroscience.
Ph.D., M.S., and in Mechanical Engineering, Stanford University
interface between planning and control, control and coordination of large-scale distributed systems
Ph.in Biophysics & in Electrical Engineering, Berkeley; in Physics, Harvard
novel technologies in context of traditional problems and data mining
Ph.and in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University; in Engineering from John Hopkins University
19 patents; over 100 published papers and co-authored three books
Recipient of the “Lifetime Achievement Award” at the 25th International Workshop on Principles of Diagnosis and Computers and the “Computers and Thought Award” at the International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence
Ph.D., Artificial Intelligence and S.M., Computer Science EECS, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; B.Sc. (Honors), Mathematics and Computer Science, University of British Columbia, Canada
drives strategic transformational initiatives to modernize, simplify and enhance High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Cloud services for the community
M.S., Computer Science, Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science
Ph.D., City University of New York; M.S., Chemical Engineering, University of Southern California
Design of materials and processes for printed and flexible electronics
Bachelor of Design, Communication Design, Design Academy, Eindhoven, Netherlands; Master of Design, Interaction Design, University of Washington
Ph.D., M.S., Computer Science, Purdue University
process and system design for printed electronics, multi-material inkjet, digital powder, and textile printing
and B.S., Mechanical Engineering, Washington State University
over 40 publications in leading conference proceedings and international journals
Ph.in Computer Science and M.Sc. in Parallel and Distributed Computer Systems, Delft University of Technology
Sc., Mechanical Engineering and Intellectual Capital Management, Chalmers University of Technology, Gothenburg, Sweden
General Chair or Program Chair of multiple conferences
and Fellow; Computer Society Technical Achievement Award 2011
previously Senior Director of Business Strategy and Energy Program Manager
Ph.D., Physics, Cornell University; postdoctoral fellow, Harvard University
Master’s in Computer Science with a specialization in Machine Learning, Georgia Institute of Technology; Bachelor’s in Information Technology, University of Mumbai
Ph.and masters, University of California, Berkeley; Masters Certfication, Academy of Intuition Medicine
applications include electronic whiteboard systems, systems, tabletop computer systems, remote collaboration systems, among others
Ph.and master’s degree from Keio University
Leads Advanced Millimeter-wave and Microwave Systems Technology Teams
System- and MMIC-level millimeter wave and microwave design for advanced low SWasensing applications
Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, President’s Fellow, Fellow, Principal lecturer for the “Circuits and Electronics” course, JPLer
Ph.D., M.S., Physics, Berkeley; Fellow, APS; 100 patents; 250 publications
over 420 papers in technical journals and conference proceedings and more than 50 patents
Fellow of the American Physical Society and IEEE
Ph.D., Electrical and Computer Engineering, Yale University; M.S., Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor; B.S., Radio Communication Engineering, Yonsei University, Seoul, South Korea
design and fabrication of projects ranging from assembly of microelectronics to novel spray systems
B.S., Mechanical Engineering, Santa Clara University
Ph.and M.S., Mechanical Engineering, UCLA; B.Tech., Mechanical Engineering, Madras
Focusing on advanced manufacturing and deposition
Masters, Software Engineering, San Jose State University, California; B.Tech, Mechanical and Automation Engineering, Delhi, India
over 60 issued and pending patents and 100 publications
multiscale modeling of properties of materials
Ph.D., Theoretical Physics, Institute for Spectroscopy at the Russian Academy of Sciences
Ph.D., Computer Science, Queen Mary, University of London; M.S., Electrical Engineering. Madras
with more than 20 years experience, designs products, business processes, and services at the leading edge of technological change
Dual major B.S./in Computer Science and Film/Video Studies from the University of Michigan
oversees PARC’s R&investments for Xerox and its innovation portfolio for commercial clients and government agencies
previously Vice President, Director of PARC’s System Sciences Laboratory
previously at Ames and Dell Corporation
Ph.D., University of Texas at Austin, Mechanical Engineering; MS, Carnegie Mellon University, Mechanical Engineering; BS, Orta Dogu Technical University, Mechanical Engineering
responsible for the development, integration and implementation of the Company’s commercial growth strategies
in Intellectual Capital Management and a in Industrial Engineering and Management from Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg, Sweden
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science: Game Design, University of California at Santa Cruz
10 issued patents and several pending patent applications; certified Project Management Professional (PMP) and Six Sigma (Green Belt).
masters degree in Systems Engineering, Cornell University; Bachelors in Electrical Engineering with Minor in Technology and Management, University of Illinois at Urbana Champaign
Ph.in Chemical Engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and in Chemical Engineering from University of California, Berkeley
Ph.D., Electrical Engineering, Princeton University; B.S., Electrical Engineering, National Taiwan University
in Electrical Engineering, Stanford University; degree in both Physics and Mathematics
28 patents in optical systems, diffractive optics, MEMS, optical sensors, image processing, laser scanning systems
reliability and diagnosis studies for cyber-physical systems, developing failure mechanisms models for physical components
and M.S., Electrical Engineering, Politehnica University of Bucharest Romania; and Ph.in Electrical Engineering, University of Maryland, College Park
technical lead for PARC’s parser, commercialized most recently through Powerset, Inc. (acquired by Microsoft)
qualitative and quantitative user experience (UX) to provide deep insights into human behavior and needs, business development, business and innovation strategy, workshop training and facilitation for clients
post-doctoral fellowship, Stanford School of Medicine; Ph.and Masters degrees, Harvard/Harvard Business School; B.A., Washington and Lee University
Executive in Residence conducting business case analysis to optimize the commercialization of technology
Previously PARC’s Chief Operating Officer, Vice President leading PARC’s Public Sector business, and Energy Technology Program Manager
interaction design, industrial design, hardware and software development
Masters fellow in Art College of Design’s Media Design Practices program; from Design Academy Eindhoven in Communication Design
passion for developing disruptive technologies that may improve our lives
Ph.and B.S., Physics, Rutgers University and Peking University respectively
60 issued patents and more than 60 journal publications and book chapters
previous experience in Federal R&Business Development and proposal management
Operations Management Master of Business Administration Degree, University of Scranton. Currently an Industrial-Organizational Psychology Ph.candidate
directs wide range of activities including high performance computing, cognitive science, agile organizations and machine learning
Ph.and M.S.. Electrical and Computer Engineering, University of Toronto; B.E., Delhi University
analysis and manufacturing planning at multiple scales; additive and hybrid technologies
Ph.and M.Sc., Mechanical Engineering, University of Wisconsin-Madison; B.Sc., Aerospace Engineering, Amirkabir University of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic), Iran
artificial intelligence, agent design and learning, cognitive systems and architectures, and psycholinguistics
Ph.from University of Michigan’s Computer Science and Engineering department; in computer science from University of Michigan; a B.Tech in instrumentation and control engineering from Delhi University in India
focusing on co-extrusion of battery electrodes, polymer spray deposition
Ph.D., Materials Science & Engineering, University of Pennsylvania; B.S., Physics, Applied Mathematics, George Washington University
Ph.D., M.S., Mechanical Engineering, University of Wisconsin-Madison; M.Sc., Manufacturing, University of Bath, U.K.; B.E., Mechanical Engineering, College of Engineering, India
information-sharing and collaboration-support tools in system engineering practices
Partner with the Venture Capital Investment Division of ngi group, inc. (formerly Netage, Inc.) in Japan
management and consulting at Consulting and Cognizant Technology Solutions
Ph.D., Chemical Engineering, University of Houston; M.S., Chemical Engineering, University of North Dakota; B.S., Chemical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology
expertise in developing fuel cell-based energy systems
60+ issued and pending and international patents
Ph.and in Chemistry and Chemical Biology, Harvard University; A.B.in Chemistry with honors, Bryn Mawr College
broad experience in MEMS, bioMEMS, lab-on-a-chip systems, microfluidics, and the lifecycle of advance biomedical microdevice development: including design, mechanics of materials, material and process development, and device and biological response study.
Developed a battery-less ocular implant for controlled and on-demand delivery of drug for treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy
Ph.and a M.A.Sc in Mechanical Engineering from the University of British Columbia; B.Sc. in Mechanical Engineering from University of Tehran.
improving human-robot interactional capabilities
model-based control on a system for improving the diagnostic information generated from automatically constructed plans; machine learning of rules to diagnose problems in printing engines from fault code sequences; and optimization of power loads on aircraft to minimize power and cost and maximize utility
Ph.in Computer Science from the University of British Columbia
Previous experience in technology transfer, energy and infrastructure finance, and advanced manufacturing policy
Interdisciplinary Degree in Environmental Engineering, Economics and Public Policy from the University of California, Berkeley
Interests span sensing, modeling, diagnostics, and prognostics
on ARPA-project on fiber optic battery management systems
Ph.D., M.S., Aerospace Engineering, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor; B.S., Mechanical Engineering, Bombay
expertise in big data analytics, applied machine learning and deep learning, statistical and numerical modeling, operations Ph.D., University of California, Davis; M.S., University of Southern California; B.E., Anna University, India
Ph.D., Cornell University; M.S., Computer Science and Data Analytics, University of Rochester; B.S., Mechanical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology
Ph.D., Electrical Engineering, Stanford University; Masters, Electrical Engineering, University of Minnesota; Bachelors, Instrumentation and Control Engineering, Pune University (India)
expertise is in colloidal processing and direct writing of colloidal fluids.
and Ph.in materials science and engineering, University of Illinois in Urbana-Champaign
large-area arrays for optical and x-ray imaging, displays, and organic semiconductor materials and devices
with honors, Physics, University of California at Santa Cruz
expertise in thermodynamics and kinetics of RNA-protein interactions using a variety of biochemical and biophysical techniques
in Biology from the UCLA; Ph.in Molecular, Cell, and Developmental Biology Santa Cruz; postdoctoral work at Stanford University & The Scripps Institute
experience encompasses the lifecycle of materials advancement: materials design, development, characterization, and manufacturing systems engineering
Ph.and M.S., Mechanical Engineering, Berkeley; S.B., Mechanical Engineering, MIT.
B.Sc. in Ceramic Engineering from Missouri University of Science and Technology
printed microchips, electrical particle assembly, optical systems
analog and digital circuit design, biosensing, and software engineering
interface between electrical engineering, biochemistry, electrochemistry
Ph.D., Electrical Engineering, Columbia University; B.S., Mathematics, Brown University
Ultrafast Exciton Dynamics in low dimensional semiconductor structures. Femtosecond laser design and spectroscopy.
Ph.D., Semiconductor Physics, University of California, Irvine. Electrical Engineering, Fullerton College, CA.
developed novel ceramic paste with greatly improved drying characteristics
Focused on Government and Commercial Contracts for all projects over the entire Contracting Lifecycle.
Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration at the University of San Francisco; Juris Doctorate degree from Western State College of Law.
printing technologies to replace photolithographic techniques
solution-based organic materials to create large-area transistor and sensor arrays
previous work on digital x-ray imaging commercialized through spin-off dPix
holds 78 patents and published more than 350 papers
American Physical Society David Adler Award; American Institute of Physics prize for Industrial Applications of Physics
applied electromagnetics for metamaterials, radiative cooling and biomedical applications
postdoc in Applied Physics, Caltech; Ph.D., Photonics, EPFL, Switzerland; M.S., Physics, EPFL, Switzerland; B.Sc., Physics, St. Stephen’s College, University of Delhi, India
developing computational tools to enhance the design process for new fabrication technologies
Ph.D., Mechanical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University; M.Sc., Mechanical Engineering, Bilkent University; B.Sc., Mechanical Engineering, Middle East Technical University
developing computational design tools to realize complexity enabled by new fabrication and materials technologies
Ph.D., Mechanical Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University; M.S., Mechanical Engineering, Bilkent University; B.S., Mechanical Engineering, METU
polymer spray deposition, filament extension atomization, multicomponent droplets
Ph.D., Chemical Engineering, University of Naples Federico II, Italy; B.Sc., Physics, Materials Science and Engineering, Ateneo de Manila University, Philippines
leads renowned social sciences group and innovation service offerings such as rapid prototyping, user needs and innovation management consultancy
Ph.D., Irvine, Computer Science; M.S., Irvine, Networked Systems
radically new manufacturing concepts to create electronics in new form factors
expert in the physics of organic semiconductors and novel electronic devices
Ph.D., Solid State Electronics, Imperial College
builds systems that learn from the collective behavior of users
designs intelligent interfaces driven by discovered knowledge
best paper awards at Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces
experience in venture fund formations, investments, due diligence and portfolio management, complex commercial transactions
former counsel to the Acer Group’s venture funds in the U.S.
Berkeley and Hastings College of the Law
currently focusing on the development of advanced structures
Ph.degree from the Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Colorado at Boulder; M.Eng. degree  from Peking University, Beijing; B.Eng. degree from Xi’an Jiaotong University
Ph.D., Mechanical Engineering, Texas Tech University; M.E., illinois Institute of Technology; B.E., Beihang University in China
20+ publications with over 500 citations
14  issued patents with several others pending
Ph.and in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Rochester; from Cornell University
B.Des. Interaction Design, University of Washington
M.A./M.Sc. Innovation Design Engineering, Royal College of Art and Imperial College London; Mechanical Engineering, University of California, Berkeley
currently focuses on mobile computing platforms and interactive artificial intelligence systems to facilitate positive behavior change in individual and social contexts
Ph.D.,  M.S., and Honors B.S., Computer Science and Engineering, The University of Texas at Arlington
Ph.in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Delaware; Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (HUST) in China
printed methane sensor networks, assembly of microchips and particles, printing of smart objects
Ph.D., electrical and computer engineering, University of Toronto; and B.S., mechatronics engineering, Harbin Institute of Technology.
software development, numerical methods, machine-learning algorithms, graph theory and complex networks, data analysis
working on expanding the library of Syscomponents.  The Sysproject is developing a platform which embodies the diagnostics tools and knowledge has developed over recent years.
Ph.D., Physics, Institute of Physics of the of Ukraine; M.Sc., Electrical Engineering, National Technical University of Ukraine “KPI”
Alex Hegyi, Member of Staff, Electronic Materials and Devices Laboratory
If you’re reading this on a computer, it’s more than likely we’ve played a part in making that happen. This is because at PARC, we’ve been pioneering developments, creating systems and devising solutions that improve the human experience of technology for almost half a century. We’re proud of our history of creative innovation, and we’re always looking to a future where our Focus Areas can be applied and achieved.
Today, provides custom R&services, technology, expertise, best practice and intellectual property to a whole range of companies, from Fortune 500 and Global 1000 firms to startups and government agencies all over the world. With our help, organizations can reduce risk, accelerate their time to market and create new opportunities that would otherwise not exist.
If you would like to know more about how you can benefit from our history and future, visit Working with .
Xerox Corporation assembles a team of world-class experts in information and physical sciences to become what is known as ‘The Architects of Information.’ The company establishes the Xerox (Xerox PARC) under the direction of Dr. George Pake. The charter for Xerox is to create ‘The Office of the Future.’
Xerox modulates a laser to create a bit-mapped electronic image on a xerographic copier drum. Not only does this demonstrate a novel way to print documents, but this invention of laser printing enables seamless rendering of digital documents onto paper, creating a multibillion dollar printing business for Xerox.
The Xerox personal workstation is created. Its client-server architecture means computing is no longer restricted to the hierarchical world of large, centralized mainframes. This evolving will subsequently employ the world’s first bit-mapped display, graphical user interface with windows and icons, (What You See is What You Get) editor, local area network/file storage, and commercial mouse.
An internal memo proposes a system of linking workstations, files, and printers together using a coaxial cable within a local area network. The benefit is that components can join or leave the network without disturbing data traffic. The memo’s author coins the term “Ethernet” to describe the network. Ethernet grows
Xerox computer scientists record the first video image on the first computer paint system – a graphics program and framebuffer computer. This paves the way for the earliest computer animations and later earns its inventors an Emmy and an Academy Award.
Xerox coins the phrase to describe cut-and-paste bit-mapped editing: What You See Is What You Get (also known as ‘wizzy-wig’). This year, Xerox also demonstrates the seminal Bravo word processing program (which leads to Microsoft Word) and device-independent imaging (which leads to Page Description Languages and influences subsequent design of Postscript).
Xerox debuts the first GUI, which uses icons, pop-up menus, and overlapping windows that can be controlled easily using a point-and-click technique. The famously (or infamously) influences the development of all subsequent personal computer interfaces.
Xerox (with Caltech) defines a new representation of Very Large Scale Integration (VLSI) circuit design. This allows for greater computing power in more compact machines, reduces design time, and leads to a new generation of computer-aided design tools.
pioneers the use of ethnography for human-centered technology design, work practice redesign, and more. It requires initiating collaboration among computer scientists, engineers, anthropologists, sociologists, psychologists, and other social scientists. This approach leads to improvements in many workspaces, office products, and processes.
To enable spell-checking, dictionary, and other tools, Xerox invents computational linguistic technologies based on understanding the structure of language. These lead to computer-automated visual recall, intelligent retrieval, and linguistic compression…and later enable deep meaning-based language parsing systems for search, text analytics, and more.
Non-erasable, magneto-optical storage device technology is developed at Xerox Initially, its purpose is to enable high-speed data access on the campus. Eventually, it becomes commercialized through Optimem (which evolves into Cipher Data Products).
Xerox files the software copyright for Smalltalk-80. It’s one of only three software copyrights in existence. Meanwhile, Interlisp and Cedar (the successor to Xerox’s Mesa programming environment) are implemented in Xerox systems, enhancing reliability and supporting rapid development.
The first optical cable-based local area network is operational. Eventually, it will enable commercial, fiber optic media for Ethernet, marketed through Synoptics (later acquired by Bay Networks, then Nortel Networks).
one-inch array of amorphous silicon (a-Si), thin-film transistors is used to drive a small Corjet ionographic printhead. This technology enables Xerox to offer lower cost multifunction machines. Evolving expertise in a-Si thin-film transistors and sensors will become the backbone for many large-area electronic technologies.
1986: Multi-beam lasers
Xerox is home to the world’s first dual-beam lasers. These print twice as fast as single beams. Multi-beam lasers become a key enabler for high-speed, high-resolution production printing systems.
Xerox designs a 16-bit coding system to represent any world script – in documents, user names, file names, or network services – in any combination with a single encoding. These scripts lead to the ISO/10646 and the corresponding Unicode industry standard that allow computers to consistently represent text.
The term ‘ubiquitous computing’ is coined at Xerox to describe a future where people seamlessly access resources and control environments using mobile devices. Xerox invents and builds fundamental devices that enables this to happen. Examples include the palm-sized PARCTab, notebook-sized PARCPad, lightweight portable document reader, and flexible computational infrastructure.
1989: Embedded data glyphs
After inventing data glyphs, Xerox pioneers the development of embedded data schemes that transform paper, and other surfaces, into computer-readable interfaces. Applications evolve to include check verification, smart paper, tracking codes, and much more.
Taking a unique approach to the visualization of information, Xerox invents techniques that use human perceptual and cognitive capacities to help people make sense of large amounts of diverse information. The approach results in 3rooms, the hyperbolic browser, and other ‘Focus+Context’ visualization techniques that present 3views of information databases.
1990: a-Si displays and digital x-ray imaging
Xerox builds the first x-ray imager using amorphous silicon. Continuing will result in the formation of the company dpiX, which will market the world’s highest resolution active matrix, liquid crystal, flat-panel display and a digital x-ray system for medical imaging – thereby eliminating the reliance on traditional film.
Xerox creates LamdaMOO, one of the oldest continuously operating real-time multi-user ‘dungeons’ or online environments. Lamdaprovides a foundation for the Department of Defense’s collaborative computing systems, and later results in a company that provides live, web-based meeting and presentation solutions (and ultimately becomes Microsoft Live Meeting).
Collaborative filtering is implemented at Xerox PARC, inspired by the idea to involve human input (such as past user preferences and collaborators’ feedback) in helping information systems auto-filter content. Today, this approach enables recommender systems.
The MBone Multicast backbone is co-founded and first implemented at Xerox to deliver real-time multimedia over the Internet. Xerox scientists will also play a key role in co-designing the IPv6 protocols that govern and define how the Internet works, as well as help develop the HTTP-protocol based on Inter-language Unification (ILU) from Xerox PARC.
Xerox becomes the first printing company to create a blue laser. The reduced wavelength of a blue laser ultimately allows much higher resolution printing than is possible with the standard red and infrared lasers.
thin, flexible and portable document display technology invented at Xerox It looks and feels like paper; however, it can display different text and graphics when an electric charge is applied to it.
Xerox partners with The Scripps Institute to develop instrumentation and information systems for accelerating discovery in the life sciences. In 2002, demonstrates an operational prototype of the Fiber Array Scanning Technology Cytometer for screening blood samples about 1,000 times faster than automated digital microscopy.
2002: PARC, a Xerox Company
To broaden PARC’s ability to innovate, build breakthrough technology platforms, and develop business concepts for many different organizations, is established as an independent company.
and language search company Powerset sign an exclusive deal to commercialize breakthrough technology in consumer search. After three decades of research, PARC’s natural language technology becomes ready to work with.
Walden Venture Capital and Javelin Venture Partners join with to spin-out PowerCloud Systems, focused on offering cloud-managed networking solutions for small and medium-sized businesses.
2010: Thinfilm works with PARC
Advanced printed memory provider, Thinfilm, partners with to develop next-generation printed memory solutions. Together, we use low-cost printed electronics to enable high-capacity and compact form-factor memory.
announces its new office in Tokyo, expanding its presence in Japan. The new Tokyo-based team works with clients including Hitachi, Panasonic Corporation, Honda and Sony, among others.
East chooses to work with on the development and deployment of a new condition-based maintenance solution. PARC’s hybrid approach is proven to be a more effective way to maintain railways than a schedule-based approach.
reveals its intention to spin off wireless technology startup, Metawave, which builds technology solutions based on engineered metamaterials and Artificial Intelligence (AI) to commercialize smart beamsteering antenna systems for autonomous vehicles and 5markets.
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
key asset is our unique set of Cleanroom facilities which allow clients to develop novel prototype devices and technologies quickly and cost-effectively.
We work closely with clients to develop new processes, build prototypes, and transition technology to manufacturing. We can work with you on a variety of design and process-driven projects.
We have fully developed processes to design and fabricate a wide variety of active optoelectronic devices.  Our facilities support sponsored R&and product development for clients to prototype novel optical sources and systems that are transferable to manufacturers.
Our clients benefit from our expertise in working with semiconductor thin film materials including amorphous silicon, metal oxides, low temperature poly-silicon and  We have fully developed processes to design and fabricate a wide variety of active devices.
Our Cleanroom is one of the only facilities in the world that can work with clients to prototype display and imager thin film transistor (TFT) backplanes compatible with manufacturing facilities.
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
JapanSupporting talent and revolutionizing industries
At PARC, we champion the ‘entrepreneurial scientist’ – the rare breed of innovator who is passionate about deep research, ambitious with new ideas, and has the business intelligence to see their vision through. By joining our team of extraordinary thinkers, you’ll be part of a close-knit community that inspires, motivates and supports one another to do the very best work.
Your role will be impactful – we’ll make sure of that. You’ll be exploring ideas with hands-on prototyping and direct co-development with clients to make sure your efforts meet their real-world potential. You’ll also get a chance to shape your discipline through conferences, publications and patents.
We offer the stability of a large company (as a subsidiary of Xerox) with the spirit of a startup. This means you’ll have the freedom to work autonomously and to your own style. And by working at PARC, you’ll be continuing a long tradition of pioneering technological change.
We’re always on the lookout for exceptional people to help us break new ground, so get in touch today.
Our culture is as unique as our workforce. We know diverse perspectives and life experiences are what fuels innovation. And, since innovation is core to what we do, we’re dedicated to creating an accepting and collaborative environment where everyone can bring their best selves to work.
We thrive on new ideas, so we offer continuous opportunities to exchange insights and build relationships with leading experts. We host our own summits, conferences and professional society meetings, which attract some of the best brains across numerous scientific disciplines.
While we operate globally, we’re locally minded. Our social responsibility efforts see contributing funding and time off for our employees to volunteer at their choice of non-profits. We also sponsor organizations such as Teens in Tech and the Computer History Museum.
Since being established in 1970, (then called Center) has been central to many of the most important technological breakthroughs of our time. Now we’re a strong team of scientists and support staff who are working across a series of Focus Areas that we believe are integral to the future of innovation. These are and Human-Machine Collaboration, Digital Design and Manufacturing, Novel Printing, Smart Devices, Ioand Machine Intelligence, and the Digital Workplace.
is located in the heart of Silicon Valley, which means we’re surrounded by the buzz of some of the best global enterprises, startups, VCs, universities and industrial design firms in the world. We operate globally, providing custom R&services, technology, guidance and intellectual property to Fortune 500 and Global 1000 companies, startups, government agencies and partners.
Learn about PARC’s history in creative science and innovation
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
When you work with PARC, you benefit from an Open Innovation business model, a portfolio of novel technologies, and decades of experience across industries, cultures and technological disciplines. Our approach to scientific creativity is unique because we form a custom, multi-disciplinary team for every project or partnership. We firmly believe that it’s this continuous evolution that keeps us at the cutting edge of innovation, able to rapidly build and combine the right capabilities for your needs across the technology spectrum.
By partnering with PARC, you will not only leverage the creativity, entrepreneurialism and knowledge of our people, but the insight, experience and ambition of our network in government, academia, startups and corporations. We draw from the best around us to become your dedicated partner, thinking laterally to solve complex problems and accelerate your innovation journey.
Our work is guided by your ambitions. The stage of innovation you’re at will define how you work with PARC, and we have a well-defined engagement process to ensure that you get what you need from our partnership – whether that’s early stage concept exploration and validation, proof of concept and prototype development, or commercialization of existing technologies. Whatever your innovation need, our experienced team of business development professionals will work with you to find the right partnering model.
R&leader, science professional or startup, we can help you to explore possibilities, innovate openly, and realize your ambitions.
“PARC’s history of innovation makes them a fantastic partner for Blue Origin’s vision of opening the space frontier to new technologies, new science, and new people.”
If you know the general direction, vision, or trend you’d like to explore, we can identify the most promising opportunity in that space, validate it, and ultimately create the offering together with you. We bring together a custom, multi-disciplinary team to rapidly identify and execute the right steps to take to bring your ambition to life.
Through client funded R&and internal investments, has developed a rich portfolio of proprietary technologies. We can provide access to our unique technologies and ideas that can be mapped to your organizational goals and innovation challenges, and significantly reduce the time and risk to realize them.
At PARC, we help government organizations realize their ambitious goals and make a difference where it matters most. Since the original in the 1970s, has spent the last 50 years partnering with government agencies of all sizes and backgrounds, including the Department of Defense, Department of Energy, NASA, and every technology office within We’re proud to share a rich legacy of innovation with our government partners.
We’re always looking for new, talented people to join If you like the sound of how we do things, and would like to work in a place where entrepreneurial scientists thrive, visit the careers page.
Our work is centered around a series of Focus Areas that we believe are the future of science and technology.
Commercialization Opportunities
We’re continually developing new technologies, many of which are available for Commercialization.
scientists and staffers are active members and contributors to the science and technology communities.
