Freezer Frost Heave Prevention
Is Now nVent - New Opportunity to Spark Innovation
Meeting the needs of our customers is at the core of the nVent mission. For over 50 years, we have recognized that innovation and customer satisfaction are the keys to our success.
That is why we place a heavy emphasis on knowing our customers and anticipating the needs of the marketplace. With over 300 patents to our name, you could say we are very committed to this end. We know that by investing in research and development, we can help our customers stay ahead of the curve and at the top of their respective industries.
As a full service designer and integrator of optimized heat systems, nVent is a unique company. We work directly with our customers to understand their challenges and needs in order to design and construct heat trace systems which ensure success. By pairing the industry leading technologies of product brands such as nVent and nVent with our nVent brand of services, we can deliver the highest quality electric heat tracing systems found anywhere.
We also offer quality products and service solutions for floor heating, fire and performance wiring, leak detection, sensing, and snow melting & de-icing for industrial, commercial and residential applications.
But nVent is more than products and services. Our employees are among the most dedicated in the world and our dedication doesn’t stop with customer service. We are committed to making a difference not only for our customers and in our industries, but in the world. Whether working to design more energy-efficient products and solutions that lessen impact on the environment or giving back to the community by participating in charitable events, the people of nVent strive to make a positive difference.
nVent Management, a part of nVent, is a leader in providing electric heat tracing, floor heating, fire-rated and specialty wiring, and sensing solutions to vital industries including energy, power, water, mining, chemical & pharmaceutical, food & beverage, and building & construction. nVent has a strong history, an extensive global presence and more than 3,000 employs in more than 50 countries.
We are passionate about our people, growing our business and driving operational excellence while making a positive impact on the global community. If you are equally passionate about the work you do, we encourage you to explore the world of opportunities with nVent.
We believe in an environment of diversity and inclusion that supports all employees to reach their full potential, feel respected, be valued and appreciated for who they are so they individually and collectively can do their best work.
Diversity, in a simple form, means differences not only in age, gender and race, but also thought, style, culture, religion, background etc. Differences within the workforce can foster creativity, innovation, new ideas, and outside-the-box thinking.
However, difference in itself guarantees nothing. How we handle difference makes all the difference. To do so, we must create a culture of inclusion that fosters a workforce reflective of the diversity of our customers, empowers innovation and creative thinking, and supports our employees' pursuit of excellence in everything we do. We believe that, through diversity, we access the best people, and through inclusion, we inspire the best in our people.
plc (NYSE: PNR) today unveiled the name of its future Electrical company as nVent Electric plc (“nVent”) and announced additional key leadership. The Company’s separation into two independent, publicly-traded companies remains on track to be completed in the second quarter of 2018. As previously announced, the future Water company will retain the name.
Beth Wozniak, who will become Chief Executive Officer of nVent upon completion of the separation said, “The name ‘nVent®’ reflects the legacy of innovation across our portfolio of brands that will serve as the foundation for the new company as we execute on our mission to connect and protect our customers with inventive electrical solutions, create safer systems and ensure a more secure world. As a high-performance electrical company, nVent is focused on improving utilization, lowering costs and maximizing customer uptime.”
Joining Ms. Wozniak on the nVent leadership team will be Stacy McMahan as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. McMahan previously served as at The Spectranetics Corporation, a medical device developer and manufacturer, and as and Treasurer of Safety Inc. She brings more than 25 years of finance leadership, and deep expertise in operations and business development at large, publicly held companies to nVent. As previously announced, Randall Hogan will serve as Chairman of nVent and retire as Pentair's Chairman and upon the separation.
“nVent’s leadership team will continue to operate with the same deep-seated ethical standards and performance methodologies to drive continuous improvement as we execute on our vision,” said Ms. Wozniak. “Announcing the naming of nVent and Stacy as our CFO, as well as the planned filing of the Form 10, are important milestones toward our completion of Pentair’s separation into two leading public companies. We are committed to creating and delivering value to our customers and shareholders of each company while providing new opportunities for growth and development for our talented employees.”
nVent will file a Form 10 Information Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the end of October which will provide detailed information on the business, strategy and historical financial results of nVent. Once filed, a copy of the form will be made available on the Investors page of www.pentair.com .
nVent will employ approximately 9,000 people globally, with its main offices in Minneapolis, Minnesota. nVent will have industry-leading positions in industrial, commercial, residential, energy and infrastructure. Brand names for nVent’s offering include CADDY, ERICO, Hoffman, Raychem, Schroff and Tracer. nVent’s revenues for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $2.1 billion.
plc (NYSE: PNR) is a global company dedicated to building a safer, more sustainable world. delivers industry leading products, services and solutions that help people make the best use of the resources they rely on most. Its technology moves the world forward by ensuring that water is plentiful, useful and pure, and that critical equipment and those near it are protected. With 2016 revenues of $4.9 billion, employs approximately 19,000 people worldwide. To learn more, visit www.pentair.com .
