Commercial Markets
Ag Biotechnology Products
Making Better Crops
Harvesting the Sun Profitably
Clean Renewable Energy
 is a global leader in agricultural and biofuel biotechnology. We are a plant-trait company with field-tested proven technologies to help farmers, industry and biofuel users meet the challenges of feeding and fueling the world of tomorrow...today.
 has key technologies that achieve higher and more consistent crop yields through improved heat tolerance, drought tolerance and reduced water requirements. In addition, the Company is improving the cost and quality of bioenergy feedstocks.
Technology Development Pipeline
Commercial Markets
 proven suite of biotech products in two distinct but complementary industries—food production and renewable clean energy—provide the most direct path to building a sustainable and profitable future for the world.
Clean Bioenergy
Food and Agricultural Products
welcomes Delegation from the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS)
On September 20, 2017, Dr. Yafan Huang, President & CSO, Plants, welcomed Mr. Mengshan Chen, Secretary of the Leading Party Group, at Plants' new facility in Kingston, ON.
Announces Key Advancement of Drought Tolerant Cotton in Bayer Crop Science Product Development Collaboration
announces an important crop target in the development of drought tolerant and high-yielding cotton with collaborative partner Bayer Crop Science using PPI'sYield Protection Technology (YPT®).  
Monday June 19, 2017
Moves to New State of the Art Facility
Inc. (PPI) officially opened it doors of their new home at their Grand Opening Celebration Friday, May 12, 2017.  The event was well attended by community officials and esteemed members of the scientific community...
.      Home » Corporate Info
About Inc. is a privately owned, internationally recognized, mature agriculture biotechnology developer with a series of powerful, validated ‘game-changing’ technologies that are readily applied to major staple crops for significant improvement of their productivity.  The Company has a solid Research & Development platform, a robust pipeline of products, and a successful commercialization strategy that has secured licensing or co-development agreements with many major multinational seed companies such as Bayer Cropscience, Dupont/Pioneer, RiceTec, DBN, Biocentury Transgene and Mahyco. The company has recently opened up the Chinese and Indian market by establishing multiple licensing and commercial product development agreements with leading Chinese and Indian seed and agricultural biotechnology companies. 
is involved in gene discovery, trait development & commercialization of technologies for seeds to protect and enhance yields in all major crops globally.  PPI’s technology will allow farmers in many countries to increase yields and reduce the need for irrigation, particularly in drought and heat stressed areas. It also reduces the need for other costly and potentially harmful chemicals while helping to feed a growing population and reduces emissions and water usage. 
also has a technology that has shown to increase the yield of biomass for non-food biofuel crops.  does not introduce any foreign genes into its products; rather it regulates the plant's own genes to increase or decrease expression of the genes responsible for key traits. 
recently signed their third commercial license agreement with Bayer CropScience for the use of PPI’s Heat and Drought Tolerance Technology in wheat.  This agreement was announced by a press release in August, 2013. It is significant because wheat is very susceptible to heat above 26 degrees Celsius and Bayer CropScience is a world leader in wheat seed sales and in development of next generation of high-yielding wheat using biotechnologies.
Inc. (PPI) is a privately owned, internationally recognized, mature agriculture biotechnology developer with a series of powerful, validated ‘game-changing’ technologies that are readily applied to major staple crops for significant improvement of their productivity.  
The company has a solid R&platform, a robust pipeline of products, and a successful commercialization strategy that has secured licensing or co-development agreements with many major multinational seed companies such as Bayer Cropscience, RiceTec, DBN, Biocentury Transgene and Mahyco. The company has recently opened up the Chinese and Indian market by establishing multiple licensing and commercial product development agreements with leading Chinese and Indian seed and agricultural biotechnology companies. 
is involved in gene discovery, trait development & commercialization of technologies for seeds to protect and enhance yields in all major crops globally.  PPI’s technology will allow farmers in many countries to increase yields and reduce the need for irrigation, particularly in drought and heat stressed areas. It also reduces the need for other costly and potentially harmful chemicals while helping to feed a growing population and reduces emissions and water usage. Our technology has shown to increase the yield of biomass for non-food biofuel crops.  
does not introduce any foreign genes into its products; rather it regulates the plant's own genes to increase or decrease expression of the genes responsible for key traits. 
In August 2013, signed their 3rd commercial license agreement with Bayer CropScience for the use of PPI’s Heat and Drought Tolerance Technology in wheat.  This agreement is significant as wheat is very susceptible to heat above 26 degrees Celsius.  Bayer CropScience is a world leader in wheat seed sales and in development of next generation high-yielding wheat crops using biotechnologies.
