There is a Difference
The PetroBlend Difference is our People. We have over 100 years of combined experience in the lubricant and filter business on our team.
The PetroBlend Difference is Total Performance. That means lower overall operating costs through longer equipment life and lower maintenance costs.
The PetroBlend products meet or exceed the manufacturer’s specifications, and save money without compromising quality or performance. 
We have the knowledge of our products, and our customer’s needs, to insure our Customers get, the best product for their lubricant or filter application.
PetroBlend works with customers in various industries. They include heavy duty on road, heavy duty off road, automotive, agricultural, and industrial.
PetroBlend serves Trucking Companies with the quality service and products whether they are major fleets or individual owner-operators. 
PetroBlend serves the Off Road market with the broadest coverage of specialized lubricants and filters specifically tailored to our Heavy Duty Off Road Customers 
PetroBlend has all the products and the knowledge to ensure the correct Product applications in today’s sophisticated Automotive Markets. 
PetroBlend has deep roots in Agriculture and we know that it is the engine that drives the economy in the upper Midwest. We have the products and the knowledge to keep that engine running smoothly 
PetroBlend has access to all the specialized products needed to keep complex industrial machinery operating and further we have the capability to custom blend specific products for special applications when the commercially available product just doesn’t fit the need. 
Interesting In Learning More? Want to Purchase a Product?
With our knowledgable staff, we can answer your questions and help you find the exact product to fit your needs.About Us
The PetroBlend Difference is our People. We have over 100 years of combined experience in the lubricant and filter business on our team. Several members have over 20 years in the industry. This means we have the knowledge of our products, and our customer’s needs, to insure our Customers get, the best product for their lubricant or filter application.
There is a difference.
The PetroBlend Difference is our history. The roots of PetroBlend reach back to a farm near Grafton, Iowa where the Fields family made soap with tallow and lye, and blended in oil to make wagon wheel grease. We don’t know when this started, but they moved the company to Mason City in 1914 or 1915. They started making lubricating oil for the exploding automobile market and it became known as the Northern Oil Company.
In World War the Northern Oil Company, like everyone else was consumed by the war effort. New facilites were built on North Jackson Street in Mason City, Iowa to fulfill a military contract for 1,000,000 pounds of multi-purpose grease in 1# containers.
In 1946 Jess Fields passed away unexpectedly and the company was purchased by Goplerud who changed the name of the company to Goplerud Lubricants. Goplerud sold the grease formulations and took on the Kendall Oil and Baldwin Filter line to augment the Goplerud lubricating oils.
In 1984 Goplerud retired and the company was purchased by Art Boyer and Doug Rozendaal. Rozendaal subsequently bought out Boyer’s interest and changed the name to PetroBlend.
While the name has changed over the years, what hasn’t changed is over 100 years of commitment to our our customers, our products, and our employees. These are the attributes that make strong companies with long histories. So that’s the story of our first 100 years. We’re looking forward to the next 100.About Us
