Unmet Clinical Need
Luminal diseases can lead to blockages in blood vessels or tubular structures in your body. Metallic and synthetic-covered stents are used to open these structures; however, your body may recognize the implants as foreign materials and respond with a negative reaction. This rejection leads to numerous complications including restenosis, inflammation, infection, allergic responses, scarring and thrombosis.
Amnion-covered stents may alleviate the complications associated
with metallic and synthetic-covered stents.
The AMStent™ is the first stent fully covered in amnion tissue, a proven biomaterial with regenerative properties. It has the promise to keep lumens open longer with potentially fewer complications than bare metal stents, covered stents or drug-eluting stents.
Proven Biomaterial that Promotes Healing
More than 100 years of clinical history with a growing list of applications
Wound and burn management
Supports natural endothelialization and the regeneration of healthy tissue
Anti-inflammatory property minimizes the foreign body response
Anti-microbial property reduces the risk of infection
Anti-fibrotic property minimizes obstructive granuloma formation
Anti-thrombotic property minimizes thrombus formation
Platform Technology that Solves Challenges in Luminal Disease Treatment
Designed to restore and maintain long-term lumen patency
The AMStent™ combines the regenerative properties of amnion tissue and mechanical properties of a stent frame
Thin, compliant amnion allows for stent delivery through a smaller catheter
10 mm AMStent™ can be delivered using an 8 Fr catheter, unlike other covered stents of that size which require an 11 Fr catheter
Tracheobronchial Stent Designed for
Palliative Care to Improve Quality of Life
The AMStent™ is fully covered in amnion tissue, which provides a bed for natural endothelialization to support the regeneration of healthy tissue
Healthy re-epithelialization re-establishes mucociliary escalation and minimizes migration
Complication/reintervention rates for current metallic tracheal stents range approximately 20-40%1-10
Anti-microbial and anti-inflammatory properties of the amnion tissue may minimize complications and mitigate reintervention
Breitenbücher A, et al. Long-term follow-up and survival after Ultraflex stent insertion in the management of complex malignant airway stenoses. Respiration. 2008;75(4):443-9. doi: 10.1159/000119053. Epub 2008 Mar 20.
Marchese R, et al. Fully covered self-expandable metal stent in tracheobronchial disorders: clinical experience. Respiration. 2015;89(1):49-56. doi: 10.1159/000368614. Epub 2015 Jan 15.
Saad CP, et al. Self-expandable metallic airway stents and flexible bronchoscopy: long-term outcomes analysis. Chest. 2003 Nov;124(5):1993-9.
is a biomedical device company developing Regenerative Stent Technology™. Our vision is to transform the treatment of luminal diseases through regenerative medicine.
To improve the quality of life for patients worldwide by utilizing regenerative biomaterials to provide transformational for luminal diseases.
Respect for the human tissue
We recognize the source of our unique biomaterial and will always treat it with the utmost respect.
Innovate and improve
We strive to develop new products that improve patient quality of life, advance physicians' ability to treat luminal disease and lower healthcare system costs.
We are committed to being responsive to our customers and earning their trust every day.
We will hold ourselves to the highest standards of quality and integrity in everything we do.
Success through results
We are accountable for delivering on our commitments and recognize that success requires a winning attitude, discipline, and a sense of urgency.
Dedicated and virtual team
We will foster an environment for our talented team members to excel and contribute at the highest level.
Bringing experience from both large medical technology companies and high-growth entrepreneurial companies.
Dr. Walker founded and is the chairman for one of the largest cardiovascular conferences in the nation, New Cardiovascular Horizons (NCVH), to educate and train medical professionals on the latest techniques to treat coronary and peripheral vascular disease. He also maintains the distinction title of primary investigator for several cardiovascular and peripheral devices. Through his extensive knowledge and research in peripheral vascular disease, Dr. Walker provides educational training courses to physicians from around the world.
Solutions, Inc., AMStent, and Regenerative Stent Technology are and/or internationally registered trademarks of Solutions, Inc.
