(PTX) is a privately held biopharmaceutical company focused on the
development of disease-modifying small molecule drugs targeting mechanisms underlying
neurodegenerative and other disorders.
is operated as a virtual biotech company in Menlo Park, executing drug development
through contracted work. This virtual model is recognized as an effective way of minimizing
overhead costs while efficiently achieving drug development milestones. was founded in
2005 by Frank Longo, MD, Phduring his tenure at - Chapel Hill. He serves as
Chairman of the Board of and as a consultant. Seed funding and additional corporate
funding has been provided by the peer-reviewed biotech support program of the Alzheimer's
Drug Development Foundation (ADDF).
neurodegenerative and other diseaseshome
Peer Reviewed Funding
Jill and Chris Gwaltney
Frank and Anne Longo
Greg and Patty Penske
Douglas and Ellen Rosenberg
Tom and Cathy Ryan
Eric and Wendy Schmidt
is proud to include the following among its investors:
Dr. Frank Longo Wins Alzheimers Drug Discovery Foundation's Inaugural 
Melvin Goodes Prize for Researchers Working in Alzheimer's Drug Discovery
Dolby Family Ventures Announces New Investments in Cutting-Edge
 Brain Health Research
profiled in Time MagazineDr. Longo is Chairman of the Board and founder of Pharmatrophi Dr.
Longo received his in 1981 and Phin Neurosciences in 1983 from San Diego. He completed his neurology training in the Department of Neurology at San Francisco where he was then recruited as an assistant professor and promoted to professor and vice chair. From 2001 to 2005 he was chair of the Department of Neurology at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill and since 2006 has served as chair of the Department of Neurology and Neurological Sciences at Stanford. With support from the Alzheimer's Association, Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation, the and generous gifts, he and his team, along with co-inventor Dr. Stephen Massa MD, Phat & the SFVAMC, pioneered the development of small molecules targeting neurotrophin receptors for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, traumatic brain injury and other disorders. In 2005, while at UNC, he founded PharmatrophiDr. Longo serves in many advisory capacities including study sections, editorial boards, foundations, grant review boards and therapy evaluations.
Frank Longo, M.D., Ph.D.
Anne Chun Longo
Anne Longo has been of since 2010 and also serves
part-time as the Senior Director of Development for Neurology &
Neurological Sciences at Stanford University. Following her graduation from Stanford University, she led programs at the and at the Alliance for Aging Research in Washington Ms. Longo also served in business
development at Age Wave and at Charles Schwab in San Francisco. As of PharmatrophiX, Ms. Longo develops and executes funding models,
oversees finances working with the CFO, manages commercial projects and supervises contract research organization (CRO) projects. She has worked in medical development since March 2002 where she served as the Director of Development for the Department of Neurology at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill and then worked as the Director of Development at Stanford University for Women's Cancer and the Neurosciences beginning in May 2006. In her twelve years of medical development, Ms. Longo has raised over $90in new gifts including ten endowed medical school professorships.
John Autrey has been the of Pharmatophisince 2008 providing accounting services, financial reporting and cash forecasting to the management team and investors. Mr. Autrey works with PharmatrophiX’s on tax, insurance, banking, legal and other administrative issues. Mr. Autrey, based in Research Triangle Park, is a co-founder of Rankin McKenzie LLC, one of North Carolina’s largest and most trusted financial management firms. He has extensive experience in assisting early stage companies and also serves as the for a start-up He recently was the for two medical device companies--Systems, Inc. and Oncoscope Inc. North Carolina native, Mr. Autrey earned his Bachelor’s degree from the University North Carolina – Chapel Hill and a Master’s in Business Administration from Wake Forest University.
John Autrey, CPA
engages teams of advisors consisting of senior industry and academic experts in all
stages of drug development and in global strategies and approaches in Alzheimer's and
other neurological diseases.