TargetCure WhisperCure Vs. Mercury Lamps
KeyView High Performance Liquid Chromatography
Innovative  Solutions with Proven Reliability
Understanding the Difference: Peak Irradiance & Energy Density
Learn more about our Life sciences products and applications
As the world leader in industrial curing, provides the broadest portfolio of LED-based solutions for printing, coating, and adhesive applications. With the ability to tailor solutions utilizing our patented 
WhisperCure™ , we deliver rugged, high-performance products for application specific solutions. 
With over 290 patents and trademarks and more than 90,000 units shipped, has earned a worldwide reputation for innovation, quality and reliability. The Company is focused 100% on and provides worldwide sales and support capabilities.
Ultraviolet light has important uses in analytical instrumentation, healthcare, and medicine. With expertise in light engines across a wide range of wavelengths, is the premier partner to solve new challenges in life sciences instruments, healthcare and advanced imaging. 
More than products, works with customers to develop complete solutions for 
. understands your end-users’ needs and develops light sources to solve your most important challenges.
Achieves 300 Patents, Affirming the Company’s Leadership Position in Curing Technologies
is the leader in solutions for Life Sciences and Industrial Curing applications.
TargetCure WhisperCure Vs. Mercury Lamps
KeyView High Performance Liquid Chromatography
solutions with Proven Reliability
Starting from 2002 in Portland Oregon USA, foresaw the value of LEDs for both 
 solutions. Building from our strong background in solid-state semiconductor devices, we utilize native diodes and Semiconductor Light Matrix™ (SLM) to provide optimized performance and product reliability. 
With over 290 patents worldwide, has earned the reputation for technological innovation, quality and reliability. As the market leader with the broadest portfolio of lighting offerings for our key markets, we welcome the opportunity to work jointly with you in developing further innovative solutions. 
Since 2002, has pioneered the use of LEDs for industrial curing and life sciences applications with a 100% focus on technology. We are also 
Phoseon's worldwide presence allows control of design, engineering, manufacturing and post-sale service to ensure customer satisfaction.
If you want to join a company with rapid growth and a dynamic atmosphere, visit our career page to view current openings.
is the leader in solutions for Life Sciences and Industrial Curing applications.
 		© Copyright 2019. All Rights Reserved.is the world leader in providing solutions for commercial applications. Phoseon's products deliver maximum energy, high performance and real-world reliability. We have over 290 patents including key optimization technologies that ensure our customers bring their best solutions to market.
At Technology, we are passionate about maintaining a positive environment and a challenging and interactive experience for all. We value our customers and are committed to design, build and provide the highest quality product and service through continuous improvement in the effectiveness of the Quality Management System.
encourages our staff to never get complacent but empower everyone to look for ways to grow, improve and make a difference. Management is friendly, open-minded and most importantly truly cares about the well-being of the employees.
If sounds like the kind of place to invest your high-caliber talents and dedication, click below to view our job postings.
About Since 2002, pioneered the use of for Life Sciences and Industrial Curing.  Through our relentless innovation, we deliver high performance, reliable and patented based solutions. Our strong focus on customer collaboration has resulted in world-wide market leadership position and presence. is an ISO9001 certified company manufacturing award winning products that are covered by more than 280 patents worldwide. We uniquely focus 100% on therefore ensuring superior reliability, business economics, and environmental benefits.
TargetCure WhisperCure Vs. Mercury Lamps
	partners include third party  ink, coating, adhesive suppliers and other industry partners.  If you are interested in becoming a partner, please 
is the leader in solutions for Life Sciences and Industrial Curing applications.
About In 2002, pioneered the use of  for curing  applications using the polymerization process to cure inks, coatings, adhesives and other sensitive materials. As the market leader, we are focused 100% on curing with technology. has worldwide sales and support capabilities across regional locations.
has the broadest portfolio of air- and water-cooled offerings. To ensure industry leading quality, reliability engineering  is at our core. Our extensive reliability testing includes highly accelerated life testing, temperature, and vibration assessments to ensure products are rugged and reliable in even the harshest industrial curing environments.  products surpass 60,000 hours of lifetime .
