designs, builds, develops and manages successful video solutions to clients of all sizes across the broadcast media industries. For almost 15 years, we have been a highly-trusted partner to our customers, using advanced technologies to deliver world first solutions for some of the world’s largest media companies, with the goal of driving revenue, reducing costs and improving services.
We help you get to the heart of your viewers’ interests and preferences. Because understanding how, where and why they consume content is key to creating higher value and engagement. Together, with our open modular platform, can help you deliver the right content, at a lower cost of entry, right from the start.
Unleash valuable content
Look beyond traditional distribution and find new opportunities to make your video content constantly and readily available. With consistent, broadcast-level support, our cloud platform allows you to unleash and monetize all of your content by opening new channels where more viewers can have high-quality video experiences.
Deliver infinite content at a predictable cost
Distribute your content efficiently and cost-effectively through the channels you choose, without having to invest in specialized technology resources or costly hardware platforms. When you partner with Piksel, we provide solutions to help expand your reach, so you can focus on increasing viewer satisfaction while still controlling cost.
Our customers…
By the numbers…
Effectively delivering the best customer experiences is difficult when metadata is siloed across an organisation and difficult to manage. Fuse Metadata Manager enables you to manage complex editorial workflows and consolidate their metadata into a single, coherent, low latency dataset, creating a highly accurate, consolidated view through a single tool across content processing, ingest, catalogue management, presentation and publishing workflows. This gives the ability to manage the complete metadata lifecycle, leading to a more organised back office, improved ability to match and aggregate content and an enhanced quality of experience. Fuse Metadata Manager is currently being deployed by some of the largest broadcasters and pay-providers in the world.
Digital Signage is a solution that can help to simplify your internal communications while amplifying their effectiveness. With over 25 years delivering signage solutions, we can demonstrate how to easily and efficiently combine your digital media assets with social feeds and other company news, to create a compelling internal channel that carries the unique voice of your brand. Digital Signage will help you motivate, train and enhance your connection with your workforce, enabling you to grow employee loyalty, engagement, pride and well-being, while encouraging them to help promote your business, lower turnover and in the end, raise productivity.
Launching Online was all about helping our Millennial audience access the highest quality content via the technology which suits them best – at the moment we’re seeing usage split across smartphones 30%, tablets 30% and PC/ desktop 40% – and we’re very excited to see how the recent introduction of Online on smart TVs influences this mix.
Mark Billinge – Chief Technology Officer, OSN
Bob Greene – Director of Online Entertainment
Al Cecere President
Charlotte Light – Head of Service Delivery
Launching Online was all about helping our Millennial audience access the highest quality content via the technology which suits them best – at the moment we’re seeing usage split across smartphones 30%, tablets 30% and PC/ desktop 40% – and we’re very excited to see how the recent introduction of Online on smart TVs influences this mix.
Mark Billinge – Chief Technology Officer, OSN
Bob Greene – Director of Online Entertainment
Al Cecere President
Charlotte Light – Head of Service Delivery
Our partners…
We understand business needs and requirements and develop advanced technology solutions to solve the complex technology challenges facing our clients. Our micro services architecture, the Palette (TM), enables us to deliver agile products and tailored solutions that meet challenges of delivering services to reach current and new customers, reducing cost, increasing reach and speeding time to market, and broadcast and on demand workflows across analogue and digital sides of the business for better delivery.
Our core products – Fuse Metadata Manager, Digital Showcase (TM), Digital Enterprise (TM) and Fuse Publisher – combined with our bespoke software, managed services and flexible business model enable us to deliver flexible solutions quickly, and cost-effectively tailored to your specifications.
To learn more about our solutions and services, check out our industry specific subsidiaries or drop us a line here.
needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, check out our Privacy Policy.
introduces next-generation Video Content Management System (VCMS) and announces VCMS²
York, May 14, 2018 -- Piksel, a global provider of software solutions for the media and broadcast industry, announced the arrival of its next-generation content management solution succeeding its successful product, used by media and publishing firms globally.
Simon Fell Joins Board of Directors
York, United Kingdom — May 10, 2018 — Piksel, Inc., a global provider of professional and managed services underpinned by its state-of-the-art video platform, the Palette™, today announced that Simon Fell has joined its board of directors. Mr. Fell was most recently the Director of Technology and Innovation at the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). There he led the team spearheading developments in broadcast, media technologies and innovation based in Geneva.
Group selected for Well Architected partner programme
 York, United Kingdom — May 8, 2018 — Group, a global provider of professional and managed services, today announced it is one of the first businesses to be selected for AWS’ new Well-Architected Partner Programme.has been delivering online video solutions since the birth of the online video space – for over 15 years some of the world’s biggest broadcasters have trusted us to provide them with the solutions they need to deliver on their business objectives while supplying the best experience to their customers.
Our video solutions sit on the foundation of the Palette™ micro services architecture which enables clients to pick and choose the features that are right for their circumstances. This modular, feature focused approach makes updating and replacing individual components fast, reliable and easy, providing the future proofed value businesses need to get to the next stage in their digital evolution.
The Fuse suite of products now focus on supplying the tools that broadcasters and platform operators need to move legacy/analogue systems to a digital first workflow. They share a combined mission statement; provide flexibility and adaptability while reducing costs, streamlining workflows and driving revenue.
Interim Chief Executive Officer
As Interim Chief Executive Officer, Ralf Tillmann is responsible for the overall management and direction of the Group.
Ralf joined Group in September 2012 and brings over 15 years of experience in integration, adaptation and business reconstruction gained as Executive Vice President of Integrated Dynamics Engineering. Prior to joining Group, he was General Manager for Instruments Metrology Group Europe in Mannheim, Germany and / of Integrated Dynamics Engineering for over 10 years.
Ralf began his education at the Technical University of Munich with in Physics and then Phin Biophysics. He then decided to move away from science into technology commercialization and marketing specializing in augmenting business profitability and cost-effectiveness.
As Chief Technology Officer, Mark Christie is responsible for Group’s client solutions including product strategy, innovation, and management, solution deployment, research and development, and global network infrastructure.
Mark joined Group in April 2011, after the acquisition of video solutions provider ioko, where he was and co-founder, growing the company over fifteen years from a UK-based business with two employees to an international business with 350 staff and operations worldwide. In addition to leading ioko’s management team and overseeing its client accounts, business development, and operational support organization, Mark built the managed service infrastructure to support tier-one customers like ITV, Channel 4, the BBC, and AT&T.
He holds a Masters degree in Electronic Systems Engineering from the University of York.
Co-Managing Director
As joint Managing Director of Piksel’s Media & Entertainment business, Kris holds primary responsibility for the growth of the company’s products, operations and architectural direction.
During almost two decades in enterprise software, Kris has worked on architecture, design and delivery for clients spanning healthcare, financial services, the public sector and, of course, media and entertainment. Having initially joined in 2010, he returned to the company in 2014 following a period spent in-house at a major media technology company. Prior to his appointment as joint managing director, he served as the company’s Head of Product. Kris is focused on organisational culture, business transformation, metadata management and highly available data intensive systems.
Kris studied at the University of Durham, where he attained a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.
Co-Managing Director
As one half of Piksel’s Media & Entertainment leadership team, Kristan is responsible for driving the company’s commercial direction and developing long-lasting, collaborative relationships with our customers. Formerly Piksel’s Head of Solutions, he continues to provide technical leadership and guidance around the company’s architectural approach.
With nearly 20 years’ experience in the media and entertainment industry, Kristan has invaluable experience working directly with many top tier clients including BSkyB, AT&T, BBC, Channel 4, Disney, and Liberty Global. During this time he has helped shape these companies over-the-top (OTT) and online video strategies, galvanizing them as front-runners in the world of online video. highlight was leading the architecture and delivery for Horizon Go for Liberty Global. Kristan has strong interests in DRM, metadata management, standardizations in the space and understanding how traditional broadcasters can fully transition to IP.
Kristan holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Systems Development.
General Counsel
As General Counsel, Ruth Patterson is responsible for Piksel’s global legal and compliance function including managing client and vendor contracts, managing corporate governance and advising the company’s other officers and board members. In addition, Ruth has responsibility for oversight of the global human resources function, including compliance, recruitment and employee development.
Prior to joining Piksel, Ruth trained and practiced at the global law firm Herbert Smith Freehills for five years specialising in corporate, commercial and finance law and working for a number of 250 clients, before spending eighteen months as legal counsel for a global asset manager.
Ruth studied law at the University of Manchester followed by a Legal Practice Course and masters in Professional Legal Practice at University Law School in London.Home
Fuse Metadata Manager
Fuse Publisher
Fuse Metadata Manager
Fuse Publisher
are an Advanced Consulting Partner and Reseller, and have been deploying production solutions for customers since 2009. We have capabilities and experience across a wide range of services, from the core services like EC2 and S3 through to advanced Machine Learning services like Rekognition. We offer a broad selection of services, including cloud migrations, re-architecture consultancy, cloud economics consultancy, and full Managed Services.
Some highlights of our journey with are the re-architecting of Channel 4’s 4oOnline Video service in 2012, the launch of our own Online Video Platform (the Palette) in 2014, and the migration of The White Company’s eCommerce platform in 2017.
Modern Slavery Act
Corporate Social Responsibility Policy
You are on Twitter Mobile because you are using an old version of Safari. Learn more 
Already using Twitter via SMS?Share
 York, United Kingdom — May 8, 2018 — Group , a global provider of professional and managed services, today announced it is one of the first businesses to be selected for AWS’ new Well-Architected Partner Programme.
Well-Architected is a set of best practises and core strategies for reviewing critical workloads running on AWS, and consists of two key components, the Well-Architected Framework, and the Well-Architected Review.
Group has been recognised as one of the few partners qualified to deliver reviews of critical workloads to customers in the This allows Group to increase awareness of optimal architecture strategy and implementation, address critical foundational areas that are too-often neglected, and provide a consistent approach for evaluating architectures on AWS.
The Well-Architected framework has been developed to help cloud architects build the most secure, high-performing, resilient, and efficient infrastructure possible for their applications. This framework provides a consistent approach for customers and partners to evaluate architectures, and provides guidance to help implement designs that will scale with your application needs over time. The Review component is a free hour- session designed to look at and measure progress against those key areas.
Well-Architected enables customers to review and improve their cloud architectures and better understand the business impact of their design decisions even with the rapid pace of change. By applying Well-Architected to their environments, Group customers can benefit from fast build and deployment times, mitigating and lowering risks, more informed decisions on architecture and learn and embed best practice into solutions.
“We are proud to be one of the first companies selected to be part of AWS’ Well-Architected Partner Programme. We are a trusted partner of and the programme highlights our commitment to ensuring our customers’ critical workloads are aligned with best practise,” said Mark Christie, Chief Technology Officer, Group. “We remain committed to meeting pillars of the Well-Architected framework and ensuring our customers get the most from their public cloud deployments.”
As an Premier Consulting Partner, Group has been selected to help scale up AWS’s ability to conduct these reviews. As a trusted partner and expertise Group can offer Reviews and Professional service that follow AWS’ highest standards. As a Premier partner Group has access to funding programs to offset the cost if opportunities are identified to improve customers’ workloads.
Group has been designing, building and managing advanced technology solutions for world leading brands for 20 years.
Our offering of product, professional and managed services enables us to provide industry-leading cloud native solutions with domain expertise for the following sectors: Media & Broadcast, Healthcare, Retail, Telco & Utilities, Public Sector and Start-ups.LinkedIn
You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more
Private · Only you can access this list
Here's the for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.
Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server.
By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy .
Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.
Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
Say a lot with a little
When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
Join the conversation
Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
Get more of what you love
Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
Never miss a Moment
Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
