Short Films
Short Films
Cars Toons
Renderman
Careers at Internships
Life At Extras
The Science Behind About
Please note that has a long-standing company policy against accepting or reviewing unsolicited submissions of creative materials. Please do not send us your scripts, story ideas or other creative materials through this website. We will not be able to consider them.
Thanks for your understanding.
Below you will find a listing of commonly asked questions. 
If you are a member of the media and are emailing with a request regarding media coverage, your message will be directed to the appropriate member of the Disney/publicity team. Regrettably, we are unable to respond to every request due to the large volume of inquiries that we receive.
Donations, Charities, Scholarships:
Pixar's charitable giving focuses most often on local organizations that benefit children. We receive many requests for donations that meet these criteria and take a great deal of care in determining which initiatives to support. Regrettably, we are not able to accommodate all of the worthy requests we receive.
does not have a scholarship program at this time.
We receive a large number of requests for information in connection with student projects and unfortunately are not able to respond to each one personally. However, on our website we have posted answers to many of the most commonly asked questions about the work that does and the animation industry as a whole. You can view that information on our FAQ.
Licensing Questions, Copyright Questions, Screening Questions:
To request permission to screen one of Pixar's feature films, or to use our characters or other intellectual property in a book or in any other way, please contact the Walt Disney Company at 818.560.1000 with the pertinent details (the material you wish to use, the manner in which you wish to use it, etc.).
is a closed working studio and does not offer tours to the public.
Unsolicited SubmissionsBack
have a great idea for a movie.  Can send it to you?
does not accept any kind of creative submission. All of Pixar’s ideas and stories are developed internally and it is our policy not to look at any external submissions. For legal reasons we do not consider any creative material (scripts, synopses, sketches, etc.) sent to us unsolicited. Please see our website Terms of Use for more information.
When was incorporated?
was incorporated in the state of California on February 3, 1986.
Can the public tour the facility?
Due to production demands and confidentiality issues, we are a closed studio and do not offer tours.
am a journalist seeking to interview a employee. Whom can contact regarding my request?
Please send an email message containing all pertinent details (the nature of the story, the person with whom you wish to speak, the deadline, information regarding your publication or outlet, etc.) via our Contact Us section.
am working on a school project. Can interview someone from or will you please send me materials that can use as part of a presentation?
We receive a large number of requests for information in connection with student projects; unfortunately, we are not able to respond to each one individually. This website, however, contains answers to many of the most commonly asked questions about Pixar, our employees, the work that is done at our studio, and information about the animation industry as a whole.
What is Pixar's policy or practice for donations, scholarships, or charities?
Pixar's charitable giving supports local charitable organizations and schools that directly focus on the under-represented in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, Mathematics (STEAM). 
We receive many requests for donations that meet these criteria and take a great deal of care in determining which initiatives to support. Regrettably, we are not able to accommodate all of the worthy requests we receive or requests that fall outside of our mission. 
Where do ask a general investor question about The Walt Disney Company?Back
Katherine Sarafian joined in 1994 as a production coordinator on Toy Story. Holding a variety of key leadership positions that have culminated in her role as producer and Vice President of Production, Strategic Talent Planning. She produced Disney•Pixar’s Academy Award®-winning feature film, Brave. Here she discusses creating Pixar's first period film and the research trips her team took to Scotland, which greatly informed the story and look of the film.
The Incredibles and Ratatouille Director Brad Bird discusses directing an animated feature.
Tia Kratter joined the studio in 1993 as a digital painter. She subsequently held the shading art director role on Bug's Life, Monsters, Inc., Cars and Brave. Here Tia discusses the process of finding the perfect pattern for one of Pixar's most beloved characters.
Jay Shuster joined in 2002 as a characters and environments designer for the movie Cars. He went on to work as a character designer for WALL•E, an art director for Cars 2 and a production designer for Cars 3. Here Jay discusses the unique challenge of designing a tractor for Cars and looking deep into the eyes of a cow.
Harley Jessup joined in 1996 as a production designer for Monsters, Inc. He continued his role for the films Ratatouille, Cars 2 and Coco. Here he discusses world-building for Monsters, Inc.
Bob Pauley joined in 1993 as a character designer and sketch artist.  Following Toy Story, Bob served as art director on Bug’s Life and production designer on Monster’s, Inc. and as co-production designer for Cars.  He continued the role of production designer on Toy Story 3. Here he discusses his love of simple, elegant solutions in the world of film design.
Jerome Ranft joined in 1997 and has sculpted numerous film characters. Here Jerome explains the collaborative process of character design and the role traditional media plays in creating a character believable in three dimensions.
Ralph Eggleston joined in 1992 during the development of Toy Story.  He was the art director for Toy Story, The Incredibles and production designer for WALL•and Inside Out. He also directed the Oscar®-winning short film “For the Birds.” Here Ralph discusses storytelling through illustration and the value of colorscripts at Pixar.