PluroGel® Products will be on exhibit and explained at Congresses around the world in 2017. Please click here for a list of all congresses where PluroGel will be presented.
PluroGel presentation from the 2017 Congress on the efficacy of PluroGel on infected leg ulcers has been uploaded to the What is PluroGel page .
The new 400-gram jar size of PluroGel Burn and Wound Dressing was officially released for sale in June 2017 in the and internationally, with 1st shipments made! For information about ordering PluroGel, in the visit our  page and outside the visit our International page .
Providing PluroGel Burn and Wound Dressing in the new 400-gram size will offer an effective size for clinicians treating large burns, for example in hospital burn units, emergency rooms and mobile medical services such as ambulances.  The new 400-gram jar size will also be a benefit to clinicians treating very large chronic wounds.
PluroGen’s core Technology Platform, PluroGel, was developed by University of Virginia burn surgeons and wound care specialists to overcome the complexities and frustrations with current burn and wound care products. PluroGel products have been used successfully in patients all over the world.
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice.  Always consult with a physician regarding any health related issues.Therapeutics, Inc. is a burn, wound, and skin care company providing clinically advanced and superior  products from its multiple patent-protected technology platforms.  The Company’s primary platform is its core PluroGel® surfactant technology which provides products with paradigm-shifting, superior and differentiated Core, Bio-Physical, and Performance Functions resulting in unique and advantaged Multi-Function products.
Products based on PluroGel are University developed and are in routine use, having shown superior results on more than 12,000 patients in two different patient populations – severe burns and non-healing wounds.  PluroGen’s three technology platforms are configured to deliver a variety of medicinal and beneficial compounds covering the six key areas of treatment in tissue management and healing:
1. Cleansing;  2. Anti-Infection;  3. Reduced Pain;  4. Anti-Inflammation;  5. Tissue salvage;  6. Tissue regeneration.
has a strong new product pipeline and its senior management, its operations team, boards and principal investigators are all recognized global commercial and clinical leaders in PluroGen’s target markets of burn and wound care.
… is to create novel, simple and advanced products  in each of the 6 Areas of Therapeutic Treatment to improve healing of complex wounds, benefiting patients and providing caregivers with new cost-effective wound care options
… is to be the premier developer and supplier of comprehensive therapeutic products for the optimum management and repair of injured tissue.
PluroGen‘s headquarters and operations facility is in Norristown, Pennsylvania, USA, with sales and marketing representation in Europe.php developer india
Nearly half of today’s top-selling healthcare products are the result of successful partnerships that leverage other firms’ discoveries, development and marketing capabilities in their quest for market share, blockbuster products and revenue.
If you are interested in partnering with on any of our patented technologies for burn, wound or skin care,
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice.  Always consult with a physician regarding any health related issues.
is committed to improving the health of patients worldwide.  We will  continue to discover and develop innovative wound, burn and skin care products that benefit patients, healthcare professionals and consumers alike.
has a shared commitment to industry innovation and establishing a better way to deliver health care. To that end we have assembled a team of dedicated professionals with specialized skill sets to advance that commitment in the and Abroad.
a seasoned industry leader who combines many years of comprehensive pharmaceutical and medical device experience to position for growth and success.
Dr. Warden’s distinguished career in burn surgery began with a research fellowship at the United States Army Institute of Surgical Research Burn Unit . He was appointed to the surgical faculty at the University of Utah and served as Director of the Intermountain Burn Center. He was a Professor and Vice Chairman of Surgery at the University of Cincinnati. He served as Chief of Staff of the Shriners Hospital for Children – Cincinnati Burns Hospital. Dr Warden received his from the University of Utah and a Masters of Business Administration from Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio.  Dr. Warden has authored over 600 manuscripts in burn care and serves as Emeritus Editor-in-Chief for the Journal of Burn Care & Rehabilitation. He has many accomplishments including President of the American Burn Association (ABA), recipient of the coveted Harvey Stuart Allen Distinguished Service Award and the American Burn Association Special Achievement Award.
Dr. Rodeheaver is the Richard Edlich Professor of Biomedical Research in the Department of Plastic Surgery at the University of Virginia where he founded and has directed the Wound Healing Research Lab for over 30 years. He has co-authored 3 books, 33 chapters, and 228 scientific articles on the  science of wound care. He has also co-invented two effective wound care products, which are patented. He was the first president of the National Pressure Ulcer Advisory Panel and was a founding member of the Wound Healing Society. He remains active in the Wound Healing Society, the American Burn Association, and the Association for the Advancement of Wound Care. He is recognized internationally as a wound care expert.
Lori brings 25 years of international experience in the pharmaceutical and biotech industry to offer a broad-reaching approach to partner, develop and commercialize new technologies and products. She provides expert guidance in the areas of global business strategies for expansion, revenue and growth of the company.  Lori’s skills encompass mobile and web-based strategies, clinical and data analytics as well as innovative sales and marketing programs.
Phil has a solid 30 year background in Business Development with major corporations and startups across diverse vertical markets, with high profile clients in Healthcare, Government, Banking and Finance.  Phil has an impeccable reputation for building and maintaining strong, solid relationships and has been an integral part of 3 startups going to successful exit.
Steve Coates has more than 35 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, fulfilling a range of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Compliance roles in a global corporation. Experienced in managing departments responsible for various quality functions including quality control laboratories, supplier auditing, validation and verification of manufacturing automation, and information systems compliance. Steve has lead and participated in numerous process improvement initiatives that provided significant cost savings and improved regulatory inspection preparedness. Steve is skilled in the implementation of quality management systems that support global pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and nutritional businesses.
Mr. Bistline brings to over 30 years’ experience in liquid and semi-liquid products manufacturing and R&including an expertise with sensitive and hazardous materials.  He has managed production, warehousing and distribution operations as well as having detailed R&experience in product formulating.  Mr. Bistline has significant training and experience in hazardous materials handling, blood borne pathogens and dangerous goods shipments.
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice.  Always consult with a physician regarding any health related issues.
Bloghas an experienced international corporate leadership and board of managers that includes key thought leaders, researchers and practitioners in burn,  wound and skin care.  We invite you to meet our team.
Mr. Neal Koller started his career in Searle Pharmaceuticals (now a part of Covidien) where he made notable contributions over his 18 years with the company. Mr. Koller served as General Manager for two start-up divisions, was Vice President Business Development and was a Vice President of the Operating Room /Critical Care Division where he doubled earnings and introduced a large portfolio of new products. Following Wyeth, Mr. Koller joined as President for WelCare Industries Spa, a European medical device company. Mr. Koller’s extensive responsibilities include of Sound Diagnostics, Inc., a spinout company of Siemens and and President of Dovetail Technologies, Inc. Mr. Koller comes to after completing a successful tenure at the prestigious Bio/Pharmaceutical industry organization – the Parental Drug Association. Mr. Koller’s knowledge of PluroGen, its operations and the evolving healthcare environment provides important value to the Board of Directors in evaluating and directing the Company’s future. Through his prior senior executive positions at global pharmaceutical and healthcare product companies, Mr. Koller brings extensive skills in operational leadership, risk oversight and management, as well as the pharmaceutical and device industries. He provides an important leadership asset to the management team.
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice.  Always consult with a physician regarding any health related issues.php developer india
is a privately held corporation with an experienced international corporate leadership and 
an advisory board that includes key thought leaders, researchers and practitioners in burn and wound care.
We provide technically advanced wound and skin care products and are well positioned to meaningfully advance patient care.  has a portfolio of 3 novel, patented and superior technology platforms that provide products already in the market and long-term product pipeline opportunities.
Polysaccharide Natural Gel Technology Platform
If you are interested in learning more about PluroGen, or for financial or investment inquiries, please contact:
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice.  Always consult with a physician regarding any health related issues.
Dr. Rodeheaver is the Richard Edlich Professor of Biomedical Research at the University of Virginia Health Sciences Center (UVA).  He founded and has directed the Burn Support and Wound Healing Research Laboratory in the Department of Plastic Surgery for over 30 years.  His primary research focus has been the biocompatible management of injured tissue.  Using standardized animal models, he evaluates wound management techniques such as hemostasis, debridement, wound cleaning, bacterial and fungal control, dressings, wound healing agents, and closure techniques.  He also conducts clinical trials on growth factors, topical antimicrobial agents, wound sealants and adhesives and other topical treatments for burns and chronic wounds.
Dr. Rodeheaver has co-authored 4 books (including “Chronic Wound Care: Clinical Source Book for Healthcare Professionals”), over 30 chapters, and 240 scientific articles on the science of wound care.  As a result of his research, significant advances have been made in the management of burns and wounds.  In an effort to ease the often painful process of wound cleaning, Dr. Rodeheaver developed a biocompatible wound cleaner that is now used as a standard of care around the world.  When burn wound infection at UVA’s hospital became problematic, Dr. Rodeheaver developed an advanced surfactant-based biomaterial for wounds which is biocompatible and has a number of important properties to help damaged skin (PluroGel®).  PluroGel® has been used on burns and chronic wounds at on an estimated 12,000 patients.  In 2008, the University of Virginia Patent Foundation recognized the impact of the PluroGel technology by naming Dr. Rodeheaver the Edlich-Henderson Inventor of the Year.
Dr. Rodeheaver is recognized internationally as a wound care expert and has been active in many national and international organizations.  He was a founding member of the Wound Healing Society and a charter member of the Society for Biomaterials and the Surgical Infection Society.  Dr. Rodeheaver was a founding member of the USA’s National Pressure Ulcer Advisory Panel (NPUAP), serving as President for 4 years.  He served on a government Guideline Development Panel of the Agency for Health Care Policy and Research (AHCPR) and helped to develop wound care guidelines for Prevention and Treatment of Pressure Ulcers.   In 2005 Dr. Rodeheaver received the NPUAP’s Kosiak Award for Significant Contributions in the Field of Pressure Ulcers.  Dr. Rodeheaver was a founder and long-time planning committee member of the Symposium on Advanced Wound Care and received its Founder’s Award for significant impact in 2003.  He  remains active in the American Burn Association and the Association for the Advancement of Wound Care.
In the mid 1970s, Dr. Rodeheaver’s research was focused on the management of traumatic wounds.  As Director of UVA’s Plastic Surgery Burn Support and Wound Healing Research Laboratory, he and his team were focused on finding better ways to clean and treat acute wounds and burns.  major finding was that it was often difficult and painful to remove dirt, debris and previous-treatment residues from wounds without doing more damage to tissues.  Many of the cleaning products tested, like hexachlorophene, betadine, iodine, polyhexanide or basic soaps and detergents, were toxic – they destroyed healthy cells along with the bacteria and fungus.  Dr. Rodeheaver was determined to find a biocompatible, water-soluble and effective material that could be used to clean wounds without doing more damage.  “The goal of our laboratory is to apply science to maximize the healing process,” he said.
With his background in organic chemistry, Dr. Rodeheaver was perfectly positioned to conduct the research that discovered a correlation between a surfactant’s chemical structure and its toxicity.  Using this information, Dr. Rodeheaver developed an effective and unique biocompatible, water-soluble surgical skin cleaner that was used at and was later marketed worldwide.
When burn doctors then asked his help to solve their problem with infection in UVA’s burn unit, Dr. Rodeheaver accepted.  It was this work that led to the development and use of PluroGel.  Dr Rodeheaver first started with investigations of the effectiveness and toxicity of existing products including the burn creams then in use.  He found that the polyethylene glycol (PEG)-based creams could cause glycol toxicity and renal failure.  Dr. Rodeheaver took the challenge to develop a safer topical treatment for patients.  He built on the knowledge gained from his wound cleaner research and learned how to make an effective, cell-friendly, surfactant (cleaner) water-soluble material in which he could place antimicrobials.  This new material solved several problems at once.  The topical products in use at that time (prior to PluroGel) and products used today worldwide were not water-soluble, and thus often formed a residue or crust in the wound.  This crust interfered with delivery of the next topical treatment and created a location where microbes could grow – the crust had to be removed, which was often painful and time-consuming.  The doctors and nurses found that Dr. Rodeheaver’s PluroGel was easy to remove, did not cause pain at dressing changes, and, with the antimicrobials included eradicated wound infection.
PluroGel with antibiotics quickly became the burn and chronic wound treatment of choice at  Clinicians at the Burn Center and Chronic Wound Clinic have used it on over 10,000 patients, dramatically reducing the incidence of infection among their patients, creating an ideal wound environment and augmenting the healing process.
In 2008, Dr. Rodeheaver was named Edlich-Henderson Inventor of the Year by the University of Virginia Patent Foundation for this work.  Dr. Rodeheaver and his team patented their discovery; however, only could make and use PluroGel.
While staff regularly experienced and expected PluroGel’s success, Dr. Rodeheaver often received phone calls of amazement from new staff members after they used PluroGel.  He also received phone calls of dismay from staff leaving who found they had to leave PluroGel behind and could no longer get it or use it.
When Adam Katz, MD, joined UVA’s Department of Plastic Surgery, as the Director of the Chronic Wound Clinic, he was so impressed by PluroGel’s results that he partnered with Dr. Rodeheaver to form Therapeutics, Inc., as a spin-out of UVA, to secure regulatory approvals for PluroGel products and make them widely available around the world for the benefit of patients everywhere.php developer india
The content of this website is provided for informational purposes only and should not be construed as medical advice.  Always consult with a physician regarding any health related issues.
