As New Mexicans who live and work here in the Land of Enchantment, we are committed to doing everything we can to preserve our beautiful environment. Together, we can move our state forward, powering progress that will make a difference for generations to come. 
As the state's largest electricity provider, serves more than 500,000 New Mexico residential and business customers in Greater Albuquerque, Rio Rancho, Los Lunas and Belen, Santa Fe, Las Vegas, Alamogordo, Ruidoso, Silver City, Deming, Bayard, Lordsburg and Clayton. We also serve the New Mexico tribal communities of the Tesuque, Cochiti, Santo Domingo, San Felipe, Santa Ana, Sandia, Isleta and Laguna Pueblos.
Shining a light on the many steps we've taken together: 
We've supported hundreds of clean energy jobs by building solar centers, harnessing the wind for power and supporting our customers' efforts to concern energy and save money by installing their own private solar energy systems. Jobs were also created to add environmental equipment to reduce emissions and help preserve bird habitats. 
Through our $270 million investment in one million solar panels (and counting), we've helped New Mexico land in the top ten, nationally, for solar installations. 
Our 18 (and counting) solar centers in New Mexico produce enough energy when the sun is shining to power approximately 60,000 homes. 
We're generating enough wind power to support the energy needs of 73,000 homes. 
By combining the solar, wind and geothermal generation has installed, we produce enough clean, green energy to power more than 174,000 homes. These sources together will save 400 million gallons of water per year and reduce air emissions by the same amount as produced by 201,000 cars on New Mexico's roads. 
By working through the Energy Efficiency program, we have reduced our power consumption equivalent to the energy consumed by 378,000 homes per year. Since 2007, our energy efficiency programs have reduced enough electricity to conserve more than 876 million gallons of water and prevent more than 1.6 metric tons of carbon emissions.  
Proud to Provide Power for Over 100 years
was originally founded in 1917 as the Albuquerque Gas and Electric Company, but its roots can be traced to 1882 when electric and gas operations began in Albuquerque, New Mexico.  Learn about Albuquerque's historic power plants . 
We have deep roots in New Mexico and are proud to have been able to serve our community with safe, reliable power for the last 100 years. As our industry grows and changes, we look forward to new possibilities to better serve our customers in the next 100 years. Read More >>
When you call at 1-888-DIAL-PNM, you are getting someone local.  Right here in New Mexico.  We enjoy many of the great things our state has to offer.  Check out our behind-the-scenes video and meet some of us.
Recently you may have received an email from asking for your input on a survey about time-of-use pricing. This email and survey links are legitimate, and your input will be valuable as we explore potential new programs. Your answers will remain confidential, and no changes will be made to your existing or future service as a result of taking this survey. 
.  For quicker service, Chat live with a representative. 
Please do not report an outage or electric emergency by email.
Before you email us, did you know you can do these things when you 
View and print copies of your current and previous bills
To send us feedback or ask a question, select a department to contact.
Customer Owned Solar and Interconnection
 Tues. - Thurs. 9:30 a.m. - 4 p.m.
