For almost 200 years, has envisioned the future of performance materials, chemicals and catalysts through collaborative innovation, making products that touch all of us, every day
Carbon-Free With inorganic and carbon-free products, we contribute to improving the sustainability of our planet
enables environmental improvements and enhances everyday consumer products through collaborative innovation with our customers. Our products reduce air pollution and make products you use every day more environmentally friendly.
At the forefront of safety and sustainability, we are a leading global provider of specialty catalysts, services, and performance materials and chemicals.
Our Products and Services
Performance Materials and Chemicals
The Performance Materials and Chemicals Group offers solutions ranging from personal care to transportation safety, using products made from environmentally friendly silicate, glass and engineered materials.
Our innovative products clean and whiten teeth and make aching muscles feel better. They make tires roll with less resistance. They also make highway and runway markings more visible to drivers and pilots.
Our Environmental Catalysts and Services Group is a leading global innovator and producer of catalysts for the refinery, emissions control, petrochemical, polyolefin and acrylics industries. We also are a leading provider of catalyst recycling services to the North American refining industry.
We help vehicles run cleaner, reducing the sulfur content in gasoline and improving air quality. Our catalysts reduce byproducts produced in the manufacture of plastics, making the world cleaner and safer each and every day.Markets
Consumer Products
Fuels and Emission Controls
Industrial and Process Chemicals and Materials
Global Quality Policy
Health, Environment & Safety
Modern Slavery Act 2015
Join Our Team
Co Ops and Internships
Materials Science
Proud 200-Year History of Innovation
About is a leading global provider of specialty catalysts, services, materials and chemicals that serve the following applications: fuels and emissions controls, consumer products, highway safety and construction, packaging and engineering plastics, industrial and process chemicals and natural resources. Our chemical products are complemented by the Potters® brand microspheres, a leading producer of engineered glass materials serving the highway safety, polymer additive, metal finishing, and conductive particle markets for more than 100 years.
We’re reliable. company with worldwide reach complemented by strong local presence, we can help you solve complex challenges. All with the same eye toward safety and leaving the planet cleaner and more sustainable for generations to follow. 
Our roots are deep, tracing back two centuries to Crosfield and Silicas. You can trust that our experience and rich heritage differentiate us.
Finally, the values of Corporation’s founders—integrity and fairness, diligence and service, learning and imagination—are still reflected in our company  culture. We believe this culture and the strong spirit of teamwork it fosters are of immense benefit to our customers, our employees, the communities where we operate and our suppliers alike.
Global Footprint of Strategically Located Facilities
Health, Environment & Safety
Find out what it’s like to be at the forefront of innovation
At Corporation, we strive to develop our people, not just disciplines. We are always looking for outstanding candidates who strive to grow their careers and never stop innovating. From engineering and operations positions to corporate associates and scientists, we seek professionals who can build on past successes and translate ideas into reality.
Improving Lives Globally
Our dedicated team members provide environmentally friendly solutions and services in support of some of the world’s most widely used applications, including fuels and emissions controls, consumer products, packaging and engineered plastics, highway safety and construction, industrial and process chemicals and natural resources. Our products can be found in virtually every corner of your home and are used across the globe. We encourage you to learn more about our markets .
In addition, offers highly competitive salaries, great benefits, work/life balance rewards and professional development and advancement opportunities. Read more about our benefits program here .
“For my entire career, I’ve called home.  started as a Co Op Program participant through Drexel University two decades ago and worked my way up to Plant Manager. Over the course of my time here, I’ve seen how much our leadership cultivates talent, rewards effort, supports each employee’s career aspirations and challenges people to be their best selves. I’m proof that is a company that stands behind its promise to develop its employees.  It’s my experience that the company will support you in your career aspirations when you commit to excellence and are willing to take on new challenges and growth opportunities.” - Deniece Dyall
We constantly strive to develop and sustain a talent pipeline of dedicated and imaginative people. We encourage you to browse our  current openings  and join our Talent Network .Humble Beginnings
Our first products were soap and candles, among the basic necessities in the early 19th century. From those humble beginnings, has grown into a global company with a presence on six continents. Yet we haven’t strayed far from our original vision to advance living standards to create a cleaner, safer world. We know that future generations are counting on us to stick to our vision. We intend to use our scientific talents and our innovative spirit to do our part to ensure that we are good citizens of the world.
We Take Pride in Our Scientists’ Achievements
Our scientists are part of a unique, diverse community where collaboration and complementary skill sets are found across the spectrum. Our developmental facilities are state-of-the-art and our scientists and engineers are arguably among the best in their craft. They can handle the most complex customer challenges, and, with dedication, achieve one of the best lab → pilot → commercial-scale timelines in the industry.
“One of the most rewarding aspects of my job is to see the catalytic materials we develop being deployed on vehicles to help provide clean air for people around the world.”
-Bjorn Moden, Research Manager, Environmental Catalysts and Services
“find satisfaction in my job knowing that the little things do here now are capable of becoming great things in the future.”
-Nick Fusco, Senior Technician, Environmental Catalysts and Services
Innovation meets Science
Our deep understanding of chemistry and use of state-of-the-art techniques allow us to continually develop new material structures and properties in response to the evolving needs of our customers. The chemistries we practice modify the most abundant materials in the Earth’s crust (i.e. silicon dioxide and aluminum oxide) at a nano-scale to create novel functional materials. We’d like to share some historical accomplishments along with planned future developments:
Developed catalysts that produce light weight polymers which reduce carbon emissions.
Developed catalysts that produce light weight polymers which reduce carbon emissions.
Commercialized catalysts that were integral to the success of processes that twice won the Kirkpatrick Chemical Engineering Achievement Award given by Chemical Engineering magazine.
Developed grade Epsom salt for personal care.
Created, scaled up and manufactured a range of Fe-zeolites and Cu-zeolites for vehicle emission control applications.
We are developing catalysts to make fuels and chemicals from alternative feedstocks (e.g., biomass) that can be used instead of more traditional sources.
Pioneered ®, ® and ® innovative technologies to apply retroreflective particles uniformly to horizontal and vertical traffic paint.
We are creating next-generation pavement marking systems that are brighter, more durable and easier to see, day or night.
We are also reaching into new applications by developing materials that are effective antibacterial agents to promote faster healing of wounds, odor control in fabrics, and safer packaging for food and medical equipment.
We are also developing creating concepts to see how pavement marking systems can someday be integrated with autonomous vehicles.
Developed catalyst that converts bio waste into valuable fuels or chemicals.
Invented a now patented process to make silica gel products used to produce high performance polymers.
We are developing enhanced filtration aids for removal of lead in drinking water for safer, cleaner water.
Created ECOCERT-certified colored inorganic granules which are used to replace polyethylene beads in many consumer products, reducing plastic contamination of water sources.
Provided high-purity sulfur derivatives that are critical to the production of nylons, automobile batteries and metals production
Developed environmentally-friendly water softening systems for laundry and automatic dishwashing detergents to replace phosphates.