We are a clinical stage drug development company advancing targeted for the treatment of patients with unmet medical needs in hematology and oncology.
Join us on Monday, December 3 at 4:30 pm for a presentation highlighting emerging clinical data on momelotinib’s anemia benefit.
Sierra Oncology to Present at the Damage Response Summit
Sierra Oncology Reports Robust Transfusion Independence Rates in Transfusion Dependent Myelofibrosis Patients Treated with Momelotinib
The Damage Response (DDR) Network
Damage Response (DDR) network is a system of cellular pathways that monitor, signal and repair damage. In cancer cells, replication stress induced by oncogenes (e.g., or RAS), genetic mutations in repair machinery (e.g., BRCA1 or FANCA), genetic mutations leading to a dysregulated cell cycle (e.g., TP53 or ATM) or other genetic alterations result in persistent damage and genomic instability. Targeted inhibition of the remaining components of the network, such as by SRA737 or SRA141, may be synthetically lethal to cancer cells and have utility as a monotherapy or in combination with other therapeutic modalities across a range of tumor indications. 
Sierra Oncology is a drug development company advancing targeted for the treatment of patients with unmet medical needs in hematology and oncology. We are led by a senior management team with a proven track record in research, clinical operations, product development, regulatory affairs and business development. Our corporate office is located in downtown Vancouver, BC, Canada.
There are no current vacancies. However, we know that some of the best employees are found when you’re not looking for them. If you have an interest in joining our team and don’t see a job posting related to your field, we’d still like to hear from you. Please submit your and cover letter in format to 
We respect your privacy and will not share your application with anyone not involved in the recruitment process. We thank all applicants for their interest in Sierra Oncology. We will contact you directly should we wish to arrange a meeting with you to discuss job opportunities at Sierra.
Dr. Glover is an accomplished life sciences professional, with extensive strategic, financial and operational experience in the biotechnology sector, evidenced by demonstrable value creation and successful outcomes. Previously, Dr. Glover served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at BioSciences Inc., a publically traded oncology drug development company acquired by Gilead Sciences Inc. in February 2013. YM’s lead drug candidate, momelotinib, was an orally administered inhibitor being developed for the treatment of myelofibrosis and other hematological disorders. Prior to that, Dr. Glover served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Viventia Bio Inc., a publically traded biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of monoclonal antibody technologies. Dr. Glover also previously served as an investment manager for Capital, a life sciences venture capital firm. He currently serves on the board of directors of Pharma Inc., a company developing novel therapies for hematology and oncology. Dr. Glover holds a BSc (Hons) in chemistry from the University of East Anglia, a MSc in chemistry from the University of British Columbia and a Phin chemistry from Simon Fraser University.
Dr. Klencke is an accomplished oncology drug developer with a demonstrable track record of success, having made substantial contributions to the development and approval of numerous significant oncology products. Previously, Dr. Klencke served as the Senior Vice President, Development at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Amgen Inc., from January 2011 to June 2015, and prior to that was the Group Medical Director in Product Development, Oncology at Genentech, Inc., having joined the company in July 2003. In this period, she led a variety of oncology programs including those for Kyprolis (carfilzomib), Kadcyla (ado-trastuzumab emtansine), Avastin (bevacizumab), and Tarceva (erlotinib). Prior to that, Dr. Klencke served as the Medical Director at Chiron Corporation, a biotechnology company later acquired by Novartis International AG, and as an Assistant Professor of Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco Medical Center. Dr. Klencke holds a from Indiana University and an from the University of California, Davis.
Dr. Mark Kowalski has extensive experience in Phase through Phase drug development and clinical trial execution in a wide variety of therapeutic areas, including oncology. Dr. Kowalski was most recently the Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President at Arbutus Biopharma, a biotechnology company devoted to discovering and developing a cure for chronic Hepatitis Prior to that, he held the same position at Tekmira, a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing based on interference utilizing lipid nanoparticle delivery technology in oncology, infectious disease, metabolic and other clinical indications. Prior to joining Tekmira, Dr. Kowalski worked in the oncology and inflammation therapeutic area at Gilead Sciences, Inc. following Gilead’s $510-million acquisition of BioSciences Inc., at which Dr. Kowalski had been and Vice President of Regulatory Affairs. Dr. Kowalski’s experience also encompasses being the and Vice President of Medical/Regulatory Affairs at Viventia Biotechnologies Inc. and the Senior Director of Medical Affairs at AAIPharma Inc. Dr. Kowalski holds a from Rutgers University and an and Ph.from the University of Kansas School of Medicine. He completed his postgraduate training in internal medicine and infectious diseases at Duke University and Harvard Medical School and is Board certified in both.
Sukhi Jagpal joined Sierra Oncology in February 2015 as our Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Previously, Sukhi was the of Inc., a dual-listed biotechnology company also based in Vancouver (Nasdaq:QLTI; TSX:QLT). During his tenure, he assisted in developing its finance capabilities to deal with several growth phases which included raising capital and completing several acquisitions. Prior to joining in 2003, Sukhi held senior finance positions with Pivotal Corporation, 360networks inc., and Sukhi is a Chartered Professional Accountant, a Chartered Business Valuator, and holds a from the Johnson Graduate School of Management, Cornell University and a from Queen’s University, Kingston.
Dr. Keith Anderson, Senior Vice President, Technical Operations, leads the development of the Company’s strategic manufacturing and supply chain strategy with a broad focus on building a full-fledged, commercial-scale operation. Dr. Anderson is a seasoned pharmaceutical development executive with a proven track-record of developing and commercializing successful products. His 20-year career in pharmaceutical research included positions at Ligand Pharmaceuticals and Ocera Therapeutics, where he was Chief Operating and Chief Scientific Officer. Prior to joining Sierra Oncology, Dr. Anderson held the role of Vice President, Manufacturing at Seragon Pharmaceuticals, where he led and supply chain activities until the company was acquired by Genentech/Roche. He holds a Phin Pharmaceutical Sciences from the University of Alberta.
Ms. Chapman, Senior Vice President, Clinical Operations, has corporate accountability for the overall operational deployment of clinical studies. Previously, Wendy was the Senior Portfolio Director at International where she was the senior point of contact for all issues related to the financial and operational execution of Phase II-global clinical trials for one of PAREXEL’s largest Strategic Alliance Partners. Previously, Ms. Chapman was the Vice President of Clinical Operations at Biosciences Inc., where she was responsible for the development and management of Clinical Operations which included Project Management, Clinical Monitoring, Clinical Supply Management and Data Management of Phase I-clinical trials in myelofibrosis and various solid tumor indications. Wendy has more than 25 years of experience in clinical drug development at several pharmaceutical and contract research organizations in Canada and the U.S., including Viventia Biotech, Pharma, Bayer Inc., AstraZeneca and Pharma Services.
Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration
Ms. Gardiner is responsible for Human Resources at Sierra Oncology. Previously, Diane served as Vice President of Human Resources for Tekmira Pharmaceuticals. Before joining Tekmira, she held the positions of Head of Human Resources for Aquinox Pharmaceuticals, Vice President of Human Resources for The Centre for Drug Research and Development, and Director of Human Resources for AnorInc. Earlier in her career Diane held various Human Resources leadership roles, including Director, Human Resources for Metro Laboratories. Diane holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from Simon Fraser University and is a member of the Human Resource Management Association as well as the Tech Group.
Dr. Christian Hassig, Chief Scientific Officer, leads the Company’s strategic research activities from discovery research through to early candidate development. Dr. Hassig has a strong record of accomplishments in both discovery research and preclinical development across multiple therapeutic areas and has pioneered lead discovery projects against innovative targets in oncology, from target discovery through to Dr. Hassig maintains an adjunct faculty appointment at The Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla. Prior to joining Sierra Oncology, he was formerly the Vice President of Drug Discovery at the Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute, having previously served as its Director of Drug Discovery from 2010 to 2015. Prior to this, Dr. Hassig served as the Department Head of Biology at Kalypsys, Inc., a privately owned biopharmaceutical company specializing in small molecule drug discovery and development, and held multiple roles within its Biology and Lead Discovery departments. Dr. Hassig holds a in Chemistry/Biochemistry from the University of California, San Diego, and a Ph.from Harvard University. He completed a Postdoctoral Fellowship at the University of California, Berkeley.
Ms. McCann is responsible for program management at Sierra Oncology. Emma was formerly Sr. Director, Program Management at BioSciences Inc., where she had a critical role within the organization focused on the progression of the company’s lead drug through a myelofibrosis clinical development program. Following the acquisition of by Gilead Sciences, Inc., her leadership of transitional activities led to a seamless transfer of key corporate assets allowing for execution of ongoing development plans with minimal overall timeline impact. Emma holds a BSc (Hons) in Bio-Medical Science from The University of Guelph, Ontario.
Dr. Gregg Smith leads nonclinical development activities, with a focus on supporting the Company’s ongoing clinical programs for SRA737 and SRA141 and expanding the Company’s pipeline of oncology drug candidates. Previously, Dr. Smith served as Vice President Drug Development at Cytopia, a public Australian company, continuing in that role at BioSciences Inc., following its merger with Cytopia. He also served as a Research and Development Executive at Gilead Sciences Inc., after its acquisition of He has also held senior drug development operations roles at several other Australian biotechnology companies. Dr. Smith holds Pharmacy (Honours) and Phdegrees from the University of Queensland (Brisbane, Australia) and an from Latrobe University in Melbourne.Company
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive an email response with relevant information from Sierra Oncology. You may also receive relevant information from us in the future. You will have the ability to opt out of receiving emails or mailings at any time. View our 
There was an error in processing this form. 
Thank you for your email. We will be in touch with you shortly.
Sierra Oncology is a clinical stage drug development company advancing targeted for the treatment of patients with unmet medical needs in hematology and oncology. We are oriented towards achieving the successful registration and commercialization of our product candidates. We have a highly experienced management team with a proven track record of success in drug development and we are advancing an emerging pipeline of targeted therapies in hematology and the Damage Response (DDR) Network.
Our lead drug candidate, momelotinib, is a potent, selective and orally-bioavailable JAK1, JAK2 & ACVR1 inhibitor with a differentiated therapeutic profile in myelofibrosis encompassing a range of meaningful anemia benefits, including eliminating or reducing the need for frequent blood transfusions, as well as achieving substantive spleen and constitutional symptom control. Momelotinib has been investigated in two completed Phase 3 trials for the treatment of myelofibrosis demonstrating robust clinical activity. More than 1,200 subjects have received momelotinib since clinical studies began in 2009.
The combination of SRA737 with other modalities, such as other agents that target the network and certain chemotherapeutics, may also provide synergistic anti-tumor activity via a variety of potential biological mechanisms. Importantly, the oral bioavailability of SRA737 may afford greater dosing flexibility for both monotherapy and combination therapy settings than is possible with intravenously administered agents.
SRA141, a potent, selective, orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of cell division cycle 7 kinase (Cdc7). Cdc7 is a key regulator of replication and is involved in the network, making it a compelling emerging target for potential treatment across a broad range of tumor types. An Investigational New Drug Application (IND) submission to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is being prepared in order to commence clinical trials with this drug candidate.
Donald Parfet has served as the chairman of our board of directors since our inception in 2003. Since 2001, Mr. Parfet has served as the managing director of the Apjohn Group, LLC, a business development group. Additionally, since 2003, he has served as a general partner of Apjohn Ventures Fund, a venture capital firm. Prior to founding the Apjohn Group, Mr. Parfet served as the Senior Vice President at Pharmacia & Upjohn. Mr. Parfet serves on the boards of directors of Kelly Services, Inc., Rockwell Automation, Inc. and Masco Corporation, and serves as a director or trustee of a number of business, civic and charitable organizations. Mr. Parfet holds a from the University of Arizona and an from the University of Michigan.
Dr. Allen is a co-founder of Gritstone Oncology and serves as its President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of its Board of Directors. He was a Co-Founder of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ: CLVS) where he served as Executive Vice President of Clinical and Preclinical Development and Chief Medical Officer, leading the in-licensing and global development of RubracaTM, a inhibitor approved for treatment of ovarian cancer. Prior to that, he was Chief Medical Officer at Pharmion Corporation, which was sold to Celgene Corporation for $2.9 billion following the global development of Vidaza™ for the treatment of myelodysplastic syndromes and Thalomid™ for the front-line treatment of multiple myeloma in Europe. Previously, Dr. Allen served in clinical development leadership roles at Chiron Corporation and Abbott Laboratories, and worked at McKinsey & Company, where he advised life science companies on strategic issues. He currently serves on the Board of Directors of the epigenetic cancer therapy company, Epizyme (NASDAQ: EPZM), and Cell Design Labs, a privately held CAR-company. Dr. Allen received a medical degree from Oxford University and a Phin immunology from Imperial College London.
Jeffrey Cooper has served as an independent consultant for life science companies since January 2014. Previously, Mr. Cooper served at KaloBios Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotechnology company, as a senior advisor from November 2013 until December 2013, and as the Chief Financial Officer from July 2012 until October 2013. Prior to joining KaloBios, Mr. Cooper served in positions of increasing responsibility at BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, beginning as Vice President, Controller, to his most recent position as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2007 to May 2012. He has also served as Vice President of Finance at Matrix Pharmaceutical, Inc. and held numerous finance-related positions within the heath care and pharmaceutical industries, including Corporate Controller at Foundation Health Systems and Director of Business Analysis at Syntex Corporation. He previously served on the board of directors of Tobira Therapeutics, Inc. until it was acquired by Allergan plc in November 2016. Mr. Cooper received a from the University of California, Los Angeles and an from Santa Clara University. He is a Certified Public Accountant, under inactive status, in the State of California.
Dr. Daniel Estes has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2017. Dr. Estes is a Partner at Frazier Healthcare Partners and serves on the boards of Semnur Pharmaceuticals, Outpost Medicine, Cirius Therapeutics, and Arcutis. Prior to joining Frazier, Dr. Estes was a management consultant with McKinsey & Company’s healthcare practice, where he led teams that advised global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies on R&strategy and business development strategy. Dr. Estes received his Ph.in Biomedical Engineering from the University of Michigan, where his doctoral research focused on studying the roles of potassium ion channels on human cells in human autoimmune diseases. He also holds a in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University.
Dr. Nick Glover is an accomplished life sciences professional, with extensive strategic, financial and operational experience in the biotechnology sector, evidenced by demonstrable value creation and successful outcomes. Previously, Dr. Glover served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at BioSciences Inc., a publically traded oncology drug development company acquired by Gilead Sciences Inc. in February 2013. YM’s lead drug candidate, momelotinib, was an orally administered inhibitor being developed for the treatment of myelofibrosis and other hematological disorders. Prior to that, Dr. Glover served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Viventia Bio Inc., a publically traded biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of monoclonal antibody technologies. Dr. Glover also previously served as an investment manager for Capital, a life sciences venture capital firm. He currently serves on the board of directors of Pharma Inc., a company developing novel therapies for hematology and oncology. Dr. Glover holds a BSc (Hons) in chemistry from the University of East Anglia, a MSc in chemistry from the University of British Columbia and a Phin chemistry from Simon Fraser University.
Mr. Tran Nguyen has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Prothena Corporation plc, a biotechnology company, since March 2013. Previously, Mr. Nguyen served at Somaxon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2010 to 2011 and Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from 2011 until its sale in 2013. He has also served as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer at Metabasis Therapeutics, Inc., as a Vice President in the Healthcare Investment Banking group at Citi Global Markets, Inc. and in various capacities as a health care investment banker at Lehman Brothers, Inc. Mr. Nguyen received a from Claremont McKenna College and an from the Anderson School of Management at the University of California, Los Angeles.
Dr. Nicole Onetto has served as a member of our Board of Directors since May 2015. Dr. Onetto has served as an independent consultant in oncology drug development and translational research since June 2016. Dr. Onetto previously served as the Deputy Director and Chief Scientific Officer at the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research from November 2009 to June 2016. Dr. Onetto also previously served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer at ZymoGenetics, Inc., a biotechnology company, from September 2005 until November 2009. Dr. Onetto also served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Pharmaceuticals, Inc., the Senior Vice President, Medical Affairs of Gilead Sciences, Inc. and as the Vice President, Medical Affairs of NeXstar. Dr. Onetto has also held positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Immunex and Hoechst Canada, Inc. Dr. Onetto previously served on the Board of Directors of ImmunoGen and BioSciences Inc. and she currently is on the boardof Basilea and therapeutics.  Dr. Onetto received a B.Sc. from the University of Paris, an M.Sc. in Pharmacology from the University of Montreal and an as well as an Oncology-Hematology certification from the University of Paris.
Robert Pelzer has served as a member of our board of directors since May 2015. From September 2008 to March 2013, Mr. Pelzer served as the President of Novartis Corporation, a pharmaceutical company. From 2002 to 2008, Mr. Pelzer served as General Counsel at Novartis Pharma Prior to 2002, Mr. Pelzer held various positions at DuPont, including serving as General Counsel and Senior Vice President at DuPont Pharmaceuticals from 1998 to 2001. Mr. Pelzer currently serves on the board of directors of Aquinox Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and previously served on the board of directors of Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Mr. Pelzer holds a and an from the University of Alberta.
Copyright © 2005-2018 Sierra Oncology, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Dr. Brown is the Associate Professor of Cancer Biology at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. Dr. Brown’s laboratory examines how signaling maintains genome stability during synthesis and how this function is essential to cancer cells. His laboratory was the first to report that oncogenic stress is sufficient to cause selective sensitivity to inhibition, and is currently identifying predictive biomarkers of therapeutic benefit and the mechanisms of action of these drugs through a combination of genome-wide breakpoint mapping and replication fork proteomics. In collaboration with clinical researchers, these biomarkers of response will be exploited in current and future clinical trials. Collectively, the Brown laboratory seeks both to define the mechanisms of action of Atr/Chk1 inhibitors and to identify their optimal uses in cancer therapies.
Dr. Brown received his (Genetics) from the University of California at Berkeley (1989) and his Ph(Immunology) from Harvard University (1996). He performed his doctoral research with Dr. Stuart Schreiber at Harvard University, where he purified and cloned the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR). In his postdoctoral research in Dr. David Baltimore’s laboratory at the California Institute of Technology, Dr. Brown investigated the impact of suppression on genome stability and checkpoint signaling in response to replication stress.
Dr. Cimprich is the Vice Chair and Professor, Department of Chemical and Systems Biology at the Stanford University School of Medicine. Dr. Cimprich’s lab is focused on understanding how cells maintain genomic stability, with an emphasis on the damage response. These include effects on repair, transcription, and replication, as well as cell cycle arrest, apoptosis, and senescence. Her lab is particularly interested in understanding how damage is identified and resolved during replication, when the genome is particularly vulnerable due to stalling of the replication fork at naturally arising and induced lesions, structures or protein-complexes. Dr. Cimprich’s research has evaluated the role of proteins, including Chk1 and Cdc7, in replication fork collapse.
Dr. Cimprich received her BS, from the University of Notre Dame, Chemistry (1989) and her Phfrom Harvard University, Chemistry (1994). She was a Postdoctoral Fellow in the Department of Chemistry and Chemical Biology, Harvard University in the laboratory of Dr. Stuart Schreiber. Dr. Cimprich is a fellow and a recipient of the Kimmel Scholar Award, Burroughs Wellcome New Investigator Award, and the Ellison Senior Scholar Award.
Dr. D’Andrea is the Fuller-American Cancer Society Professor of Radiation Oncology at Harvard Medical School and the Director of the Center for Damage and Repair at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Dr. D’Andrea is internationally known for his research in the area of damage and repair. Through his work on repair biomarkers, Dr. D’Andrea participates in a wide range of clinical trials, largely focused on ovarian, breast, prostate, and bladder cancers. His research has focused on the molecular cause of leukemia for many years and he also investigates the pathogenesis of Fanconi anemia repair pathway, a human genetic disease characterized by bone marrow failure and in children. Dr. D’Andrea has previously published on the correlation between repair deficient pathways and Chk1 inhibition.
Dr. D’Andrea received his from Harvard Medical School in 1983. He completed his residency in Pediatrics at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, and a fellowship in hematology-oncology at and Children's Hospital, Boston. Dr. D’Andrea also completed a research fellowship at the Whitehead Institute of Biomedical Research at where he cloned the receptor for erythropoietin while working in the laboratory of Harvey Lodish. Dr. D’Andrea joined the staff at in 1990 and in 2017 he became the Director of the Susan Smith Center for Women’s Cancer at the recipient of numerous academic awards, Dr. D’Andrea is a former Stohlman Scholar of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, and serves on their Medical and Scientific Advisory Board.
Dr. Eastman is the Professor at the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth and the founding Director of the Molecular Research Program of the Norris Cotton Cancer Center at Dartmouth. Dr. Eastman’s research has concentrated in the area of preclinical cancer chemotherapy through early phase clinical trials. His initial research focused primarily on the mechanism of action of cisplatin which led to analysis of the resulting cell cycle perturbation and the identification of apoptosis as an end point. These two areas, apoptosis and cell cycle checkpoint regulation, continue today with the overall goal of bringing new drugs and new strategies to clinical trials. Dr. Eastman has published extensively on Chk1 inhibition as well as Cdc7 inhibition and their respective mechanisms of action. Further, Dr. Eastman has participated in Chk1 inhibitor clinical trials.
Dr. Eastman received his Tech. from Brunel University, London (1972) and his Phfrom the Chester Beatty Research Institute, University of London (1975). In 1989, he joined the faculty at the Geisel School of Medicine at Dartmouth where he has been a professor since 1992. In 1993, he was the founding Director of the Molecular Research Program of the Norris Cotton Cancer Center at Dartmouth, an NCI-designated comprehensive cancer center, and he continues in this role today. Prior to this, he took a position in 1983 as associate professor at the Eppley Institute for Research in Cancer, University of Nebraska Medical Center.
Dr. Garrett is the Professor of Cancer in the School of Biosciences at the University of Kent and Visiting Professor of Cancer at the Institute of Cancer Research, London, Dr. Garrett’s current research is focused on understanding the molecular and cellular effects of drugs that target cell signaling pathways and the cell division cycle. This research includes Chk1 inhibitors such as SRA737 and other functionally related drugs. One of the long-term aims of this work is to identify biomarkers for both patient stratification and drug-target engagement for these drugs in the clinic. Dr. Garrett is a co-inventor of SRA737 and related compounds.
Dr. Garrett received her undergraduate degree from the University of Leeds, (1987) and her Phfrom The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR), London, (1991). She undertook post-doctoral research at Yale Medical School, and then in 1994 joined Onyx Pharmaceuticals, California, USA, where she was involved in the discovery of small molecule drugs targeting the cell cycle. This included the CDK4 inhibitor project, which went on to deliver Ibrance® (Palbociclib) now a registered treatment for breast cancer. In 1999 Dr. Garrett returned to the where she went on to become a Reader in Cancer and Head of Biology for the Cancer Unit. In September 2014, she joined the School of Biosciences at the University of Kent and currently has three cancer drugs in the clinic.
Professor Helleday received a degree in molecular biology (1995) and in Business Administration and Economics (1996) from the Stockholm University. He received a Phfrom Stockholm University in 1999 for his studies on homologous recombination in mammalian cells. Professor Helleday has been awarded numerous eminent international grants and awards in recognition of his research accomplishments including the Eppendorf-Nature Young European Investigator Award (2005) for outstanding contribution within the field of biomedical science by the journal Nature and two prestigious advanced grants (2010 and 2016).
Dr. Post is the Chief Scientific Officer of Vivace and also serves as an advisor to numerous biotechnology companies and to venture investors. Until July 2016, he was Chief Scientific Officer of BioMarin Pharmaceuticals, and before that was and co-founder of which was acquired by BioMarin in 2010. His work in repair involved the discovery of the inhibitor talazoparib at and its development into Phase 3 at BioMarin. Talazoparib is currently being tested in EMBRACA, a Phase clinical study in gBRCA+ locally advanced and/or metastatic breast cancer. From 2000-2006, he was Senior Vice President of Research and Development at Onyx Pharmaceuticals, during the clinical development of Nexavar from through approval. Prior to Onyx, he was at Parke-Davis Pharmaceutical where he was of Discovery Research; and before that at The Upjohn Company in several positions. Dr. Post is currently a member of the board of directors of Viralytics, an ASX-listed company; and of private companies Orphagen Pharmaceuticals, Fedora Pharmaceuticals and Oxyrane Ltd.
Dr. Post received a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from the University of Michigan and a Phin Biochemistry from the University of Wisconsin, Madison after which he performed a Postdoctoral Fellowship in Virology at the University of Chicago. From 1993 to June 2000, he served as Adjunct Professor in the Department of Microbiology and Immunology at the University of Michigan.