(PRA) is a small company with a highly motivated and innovative staff consisting of physicists, mathematicians, and electrical engineers.  The company was established to develop solutions to today's problems in the defense and commercial sectors and has been successful due to its highly capable and flexible staff.  At PRA, we focus on research, design, and development of algorithms and devices for improving signal performance and capabilities for RF, infrared, and optical sensors.
develops cutting edge technologies for the Government and private industry.  This is conducted primarily through the Small Business Innovation (SBIR) program.
Dr. Holder's book on radar interferometry is available at amazon.com
Atmospheric Measurements, Modeling, and Applications
is developing a system that measures distortions on signals of opportunity and      inverts these measurements to determine the state of the atmosphere that caused     the distortions.  This technology is being developed for the mitigation of radar     errors that occur at low elevation operations.  This system will     enable radars to detect and track targets at longer range.  The system involves     solving the stochastic wave equation using real-time estimates of the atmospheric     media.
Precision Positioning and Orientation Technology
is developing technologies for the generation of coded fields that enable compatible     receivers to determine their own location and orientation and that of their targets.     This technology is being developed for guiding smart munitions, significantly reducing the     cost of achieving intercept for low-cost proliferated threats.  In addition, this technology     is being used to track participants in immersive training simulators.
Adaptive Interference Cancellation
is developing an innovative approach to adaptively cancel strong interference. This unique process can be used to mitigate various interference sources including noise jamming, interference, and discrete and distributed clutter.About Us
Associates, Inc., (PRA) is an innovative small          business that is developing technology for commercial and defense          applications.  The company was founded by Dr. Holder and Ms. Dugas in          2001 with the mission to bring products and services of demonstrable          value to its customers in the research, commercial, and defense          communities.  accomplishes this goal through a focused program of          exploiting its capabilities in propagation, state estimation,          radar systems design, and signal processing to develop and manufacture          products that bring new capabilities to its customers.
Jeff Holder, Ph.— President
Dr. Holder is a Co-Founder and President of and is a serial        entrepreneur. He has over 20 years of serving a military and defense     industry customer base, with extensive contacts at the Army, Aviation      and Missile and Development Center (AMRDEC), and Space and      Missile Defense Command (SMDC), as well as at Boeing, Lockheed Martin,     Northrop Grumman, and Raytheon.
Ms. Dugas is a Co-Founder and Vice President of  She has over 10 years       experience in radar modeling and 7 years of experience managing the operations       of small companies.  Susan has extensive experience with executing and managing       contracts and customer engagements.  At PRA, she manages the day-to-day operations       of the company.
PRA's technical team has a wide range of experiences and areas of expertise.  Some of these areas include:
