Over 30 years of our mobile invention has led to the Invention Age. The foundational technology and intelligence we put into 3and 4is bringing us 5G, connected cars, and a true Internet of Things. But more than that, our history of invention is kick-starting a new age of possibility.
With 5G, your device offers ultra-fast data rates, ultra-low latency, and nearly-anywhere connectivity so you can share, watch, create, collaborate, communicate, and play like never before.
First is the new premium.
Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 8 Series Mobile Platform provides premium mobile experiences built on 5G, AI, and extended reality (XR)—providing breakthrough connectivity, unimaginable performance, and immersive entertainment.
Explore Snapdragon mobile platforms
Snapdragon is a product of Technologies, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries.
How 5changes the way you watch and collaborate [video]
Technologies-powered device from Skylights is transforming the way you travel [video]
5challenge 2019: Calling on the wireless industry to make the most of next generation connectivity
References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the corporate structure, as applicable. 
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. 
includes Qualcomm's licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of its patent portfolio. Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of Qualcomm's engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of its products and services businesses. products referenced on this page are products of Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.Our Company
started as an idea. An agreement. pact. In 1985, seven individuals met in a den in San Diego for the purpose of creating “quality communications.” Today that den spans across more than 170 offices in more than 40 countries. The idea, however, remains the same.
Inventors at heart.
The many divisions within our business produce a vast array of technologies, but there is one thing that unites them all. They are driven to invent new ways to improve communication around the globe.
career at gives you the opportunity to join in the creation of technologies that change the world.
In July 1985, seven industry veterans came together in the den of Dr. Irwin Jacobs’ home to discuss an idea, outlining a plan for “Quality Communications.”
Seeking to enhance shareholder value not only through exceptional business performance, but also through responsible and effective communication with its shareholders.
team of visionaries, business veterans and technologists. Their understanding of the mobile industry is a key driver of the company.
Progress is powerful. Progress is our passion. And at Qualcomm, we take our role as an engine for progress to heart.
The Qualcomm® Wireless Reach™ initiative is making catalytic investments in places where technology can be used to create opportunities in emerging populations around the world.
Qualcomm® Cyber Security Solutions (QCSS)
is a trusted partner to the government, providing mobile and wireless technology solutions and services.
Find any of the 175+ office locations where our global workforce is driving and the industry forward.
534-seat venue focused on programs that promote education, health and human services, culture and the arts.
What if? has been asking–and answering–that question for more than 25 years. 
Stadium is a sports and event facility located in Mission Valley, San Diego.
References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the corporate structure, as applicable.
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures.Products
Inventors. Dreamers. Doers.
Billions, maybe trillions of times a day…
We often do what many thought was impossible.
That’s how often people around the world touch something made better by Qualcomm. It could be the smartphone in your pocket, the tablet on your coffee table, that wireless modem in your briefcase… it could even be that navigation system in your car or that action camera strapped to your chest.
Who is Qualcomm, and what do we do? We are engineers, scientists and business strategists. We are from many different countries and speak many different languages. We come from diverse cultures and have unique perspectives. Together, we focus on a single goal—invent mobile technology breakthroughs.
Invention at Invention is at the heart of human progress, at the heart of the mobile industry, and both are at the heart of our business.
Stories of Invention
Stories of inventions accelerating human potential, improving the way we live, work, learn, and play.
Research has been making history for nearly three decades. The secret? Unrelenting focus on the future.
"We’re fascinated by technology and always working to push it forward. Our job is to be impatient. That’s our role in the mobile industry, and our future.”
Steve Mollenkopf, CEO
Pioneers, risk takers.
While many of our inventions and breakthroughs reside “under the hood” of consumer electronics, they have transformed the world in a big way. They have helped propel mobile to the forefront of the technology world and to the top of consumers’ wish lists. They have created new opportunities for mobile ecosystem players—the wireless device makers, the operators, the developers and the content creators of the world. And more recently, our inventions and breakthroughs have inspired fresh, new ideas from those companies—large and small—new to the wireless space.
We’ve been called dreamers, inventors, rebels, risk takers, pioneers and geeks. We embrace those labels because in many ways, they’re true. We dream big. We invent bigger. And most importantly, we often do what many thought was impossible.
Our executive team comprises the top thought leaders and visionaries in the industry.
has earned a distinguished reputation that goes beyond CDMA.
Statement on Trial’s Closing Arguments
Appoints Kwon as Vice President and President of Korea
How 5changes the way you watch and collaborate [video]
Technologies-powered device from Skylights is transforming the way you travel [video]
Top five projects on - a retrospective
5challenge 2019: Calling on the wireless industry to make the most of next generation connectivity
Inside Technologies' Vulnerability Rewards Program
Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend
Three radios, three boards and a music festival – new developer projects and demos
Is a more accurate and affordable automobile position-location technology? [video]
How automakers can meet the growing demand for differentiated in-vehicle experiences
Audi, Ducati and Ford Host Live Interactive Demos in Las Vegas Using C-V2Solutions Provided by Jan 7, 2019
Announces Multi-Tiered 3rd Generation Snapdragon Automotive Cockpit Platforms
Chipsets and Front End Power More than 30 Commercial 5Mobile Devices Scheduled to Launch in 2019
demonstrates continued leadership as industry transitions to Wi-Fi 6 technology
References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the corporate structure, as applicable. 
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. 
includes Qualcomm's licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of its patent portfolio. Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of Qualcomm's engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of its products and services businesses. products referenced on this page are products of Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.Yes, “change the world” is part of the job description.
career at gives you the opportunity to join in the creation of technologies that change the world. Thousands of dedicated people working diligently to make a mark in the evolution of our planet. Sounds like a pretty big deal to just start with a simple job application. But it does.
When it comes to our values, you’re at the top of the list.
In order to foster an environment where invention thrives, we must foster one where our people do too. Our employees have a strong voice in creating the work environment that suits their needs. From clubs where employees make their own electric vehicles, to programs that inspire the next generation of inventors, we focus on creating a culture that breeds success.
Whatever stage you are in, we want to be your next.
Time to build for the future. Your own. Explore what we have to offer.
Ready for career liftoff? We’ll help you reach new heights.
Please be aware that we are currently receiving numerous reports of con artists posing as Staffing Managers, seeking to engage with job seekers through fraudulent online advertisements, job search sites, and direct email solicitations.
References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the corporate structure, as applicable.
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures.Products
Buenos Aires - ARGEN.D
2nd Floor #117
Sydney - AUSTR.F
Deutschlandsberg - AUSRI.B
Siemenstr. 43
Avenue des Arts 56
Scn Qd 02 Bl Edif. Corporate
Tower Bridge - 6th Floor
105 Commerce Valley Drive West
Suite 100, 200 and 501
55 Commerce Valley Drive West
Guyancourt - FRANC.I
Guyancourt  78280
1300 Route des Cretes - 255
Sophia Antipolis - SOPHI.A
Batiment 6, Porte R
Berlin - GERMA.J
Gelsenkirchen - GERMA.G
Ingolstadt - GERMA.L
Ingolstadt  85055
Munich - GERMA.H
Business Park Campus M
Rosenheimer Strasse 145i
Anzinger Strasse 1
References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the corporate structure, as applicable. 
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures. 
includes Qualcomm's licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of its patent portfolio. Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, substantially all of Qualcomm's engineering, research and development functions, and substantially all of its products and services businesses. products referenced on this page are products of Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.Nov 15, 2018
products mentioned within this post are offered by Technologies, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries.
Wearables represent an excellent opportunity for developers to bring always-on, always-connected experiences to mobile and Iousers. According to , wearable sales are projected to experience double digit growth in 2019, and a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 11.6% over the next five years. So this space is definitely worth a look!
Wearables already have a large and diverse user base, especially in the consumer fitness and health monitoring vertical. Now, the wearables opportunity is evolving into an era of advanced devices and next generation smart watches made possible by tiny ultra-low power processors, 4G/connectivity, smart sensors, Android and Wear by Google. These elements are facilitating a plethora of new devices, form factors, and bringing in high-quality experiences to a new user base
The wearable platforms from Technologies, Inc. (QTI) have been into more than 200 device types since 2014. And recently, launched the Snapdragon Wear  2500 and 3100 platforms, which support rich interactivity, advanced personalization, and optimized battery life. Let’s look at some of the potential use cases for these platforms that both hardware and app developers can embrace.
Wearables for the Next Generation
With over one billion kids worldwide aged four through ten, this next generation of connected users represents a huge opportunity. The Snapdragon Wear 2500 is well positioned with key features like built in 4connectivity, support for 5cameras, voice assistance support, Adreno GPU, low-power sensors, and support for extended battery life. These features expand kids wearables from simple phones and location tracking devices, to now add new experiences for fitness, fun, learning as well as more dynamic functions for keeping in touch.
For example, consider a Snapdragon Wear 2500-based watch designed for kids fitness. The platform’s pre-integrated sensor algorithms is designed to detect when the child wants to wake the watch. The integrated voice assistant is designed to detect the child’s voice instructing the watch to start a fitness routine, and then the voice recognition identifies the child by their voice and displays a customized jogging circuit. The app utilizes the platform’s built-in step counter and heart rate algorithms to track fitness metrics, while the built-in tracks where they travel. Device manufacturers can also implement additional sensors and sensor fusion to measure other biometrics using the platform’s built-in sensor hub. As the child reaches certain milestones, the Adreno 304 is designed to display rich animations on a rich screen to further encourage their fitness efforts.
Similarly, games and educational apps also come to life on the watch. In addition to rich multimedia, developers can also create new and fun ways to interact using the platform’s built-in gestures. For example, after the child has tapped the screen to take a picture using the 5camera, they can perform two half twists of the wrist for a “shake” which might scroll through their pictures. An “arm up” gesture might send a picture to the cloud for sharing using the X5 4modem.
4connectivity also brings a slew of benefits. Not only can kids acquire and share content with friends, but they can also stay connected with parents and caregivers. For example, using a Wireless Edge architecture, developers could create a cloud edge service that tracks a class of students within a large school yard where each watch is an edge device. The cloud edge service could facilitate real-time tracking and communications with the watches and establish a geo-fence for the students. cloud service could then be used to display geo-fence alerts and provide two-way video chats between the watch and a remote caregiver’s phone.
Enhancing wearable experiences
The Snapdragon Wear 3100 is a suitable platform for smartwatches based on Wear by Google and targeting a wide demographic ranging from road warriors to fashionistas and sports fanatics. Like the Snapdragon Wear 2500, it is designed to allow developers to create rich interactivity and personalized experiences like those described above, but also adds support for advanced sports, personalization, and ambient functionality with an extended battery life.
This is supported with the Snapdragon Wear 3100’s ultra-low power co-processor that sports an event driven to handle functionality while the main application processor sleeps or is completely shut down. Since wearables are often dormant 95% of the time, this design is engineered for advanced ambient functionality while supporting reduced power consumption. This means device manufacturers and app developers can utilize the always-on display experience to extend their ambient functionality with features like a smooth second hand, live complications, adaptive brightness, and rich custom watch faces. The low-power co-processor also supports a new “Traditional Watch Mode” where Wear is put to sleep and the device acts like an analog watch with the time and date for up to 30 days on a full charge.
From a functional standpoint, sensors can be added through the Snapdragon Wear 3100’s open sensor execution environment framework to measure a wide range of phenomena. For example, a busy parent can authenticate themselves using the smartwatch, and then measure real world factors such as steps and calories using the sensors in the device. This information can then be sent to the cloud using 4connectivity. The new low-power functionality supports up to 15 hours of tracking and real-time heart rate monitoring, a huge leap forward from the previous generation Snapdragon Wear 2100 that supported three to four hours of battery life. Here applications for extreme sports fanatics like ultramarathoners can benefit from the extended battery time.
The Snapdragon Wear 3100’s near field communication (NFC) chips can also be used in new ways. For example, a wrist watch can be used for making a payment or to digitally sign in to an event by holding the watch close to a sensor.
Finally, since the Snapdragon Wear 3100 runs Wear by Google , developers can utilize the latest features including its improved Google Assistant, Google Fit, and simplified user interface. Application vendors can take advantage of the Wear by Google to develop a myriad of applications for the smartwatch use cases.
Where will you take your wearable development?
References to "Qualcomm"; may mean Incorporated, or subsidiaries or business units within the corporate structure, as applicable.
Materials that are as of a specific date, including but not limited to press releases, presentations, blog posts and webcasts, may have been superseded by subsequent events or disclosures.