Transponder
Transponder/DME
Quality and Delivery
When the stakes are high, dependability and performance are everything.
Loud and Clear
Up here, it’s not just your visibility that needs to be loud and clear.
Performance for the ahead
When the is long, our technology goes the distance.
is a world class supplier of advanced antenna systems and accessories to military, aviation, and transportation customers worldwide.  (Industries) has been engineering and manufacturing antenna systems for the United States military since 1956.
Today, offers the industry’s most reliable and highest performance antenna systems tailored to each customer’s specific requirements.
Robert founded 1956 
begins manufacturing military antennas
Robert Lynas purchases 1992 
acquires general aviation product line
introduces heavy truck antenna solutions
to Exhibit at AirVenture Oshkosh 2018
Senator Stabenow Announces Legislation to Toughen Buy American and Create More Jobs at Home
General Aviation
   Transponder
   Transponder/DME
Enter a part number for quick information.
To be indispensable to our customers by delivering mission critical quality, reliability, service and performance.
began engineering and manufacturing antenna systems in 1956 for the Unites States military. We set a precedent for the way we would conduct every aspect of our business, with a focus on accuracy, innovation, cost control, and customer service. This means hiring the best people, running an impeccable facility, and investing in the latest technologies. When our products reach the field, we know that they are going to perform. Today we apply those standards to the aviation, transportation, and military industries.
Message from Our Chairwoman
We take our responsibility of making mission critical products seriously.  As a company, everyone is focused on delivering the highest performing products with an attention to quality, knowing that people’s lives depend on our technologies working when it matters most.  As a family owned business, we are committed to our mission with the long term perspective of investing in our employees’ capabilities and the innovative technologies our customers need.
Message from Our Chairwoman
We take our responsibility of making mission critical products seriously.  As a company, everyone is focused on delivering the highest performing products with an attention to quality, knowing that people’s lives depend on our technologies working when it matters most.  As a family owned business, we are committed to our mission with the long term perspective of investing in our employees’ capabilities and the innovative technologies our customers need.
We are one of an elite few that have received multiple gold awards from the United States government. Our commitment to quality and customer service is what defines us as a company.
