brings the insight and analytics required in the pursuit of large-scale investment opportunities.
Meeting the highest standards in efficiency and safety in our ENGINEERING, & process.
Our & plans ensure that you are maximizing the performance of your investment for the long-term.
With over 200 completed projects and multiple repeat customers, is an established power provider of commercial and utility systems across all business segments.
We take a rigorous approach to providing value-driven solutions that meet our clients’ objectives and have on-going commitment to innovative design, strategic procurement practices, and process efficiencies.
Our team of accredited, professional engineers, electrical engineers, architects and installers bring extensive experience and capabilities that enable us to deliver solutions for the most complex projects.
There’s Never Been a Better Time to Invest in “The financial benefits of installing are undeniable and the notion that we will be able to supply almost all of our power brings a significant advantage to our business for the long term.”
“As a mature, reliable technology, energy helps us meet three objectives: update our infrastructure to maintain our competitiveness in the global economy; protect the health and beauty of the environments where we do business; and save on our energy costs for the next 20 to 30 years.”
Tim O'Brien, President and CEO, Wilsonart
“Investing in technology is not only in line with our corporate promise of sustainable practices, but it also makes economic sense by lowering our energy costs.”
Founded in 2007 and based in Atlanta, Georgia, specializes in turnkey power installations for commercial, institutional and utility customers. The company also provides customized solutions for Electric Municipal Cooperatives (EMC’s) in addition to Operations & Maintenance services. The company also offers distinct services in system design and engineering, construction, energy consulting, and large-scale project development.
Ranked among the nation’s top companies, has installed over over 100 of clean, renewable power throughout more than 300 sites across the Southeastern and Mexico. The company has a proven track record of delivering high performing systems of every scale, budget and degree of complexity. We pride ourselves in building long-term assets that promise to deliver a meaningful return on investment for our clients.
We have a vertically-integrated construction process, from design through final QA/QC, that ensures the assets we build will stand the test of time. We consistently met our clients’ interconnection deadlines and have a 100% safety record.
We lead the industry in driving technical excellence and follow a “built to last” philosophy where we source only Tier 1 warrantied components, upsize key components for real world conditions, torque every bolt to manufacturers specifications, and protect key conductors and components from harsh effects of sunlight and thermal cycling.
has been named among the nation’s ‘Top 100 Contractors’ for the last five years, and has received multiple awards in the areas of innovation and renewable energy. Twice, has been recognized by Magazine as one of the 5000 fastest growing companies in America.
With a relentless focus on performance, reliability and safety, we design, engineer and construct the highest-value systems in the marketplace today.
