eRapa™ inhibits the progression and recurrence of cancer. Research has shown rejuvenates the immune system exhausted by age and cancer exposure and helps attack early stage bladder and prostate cancer cells.
eRapa™ was developed at the Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, and is the only pharmaceutical agent tested thus far to demonstrate significantly increased health span and lifespan in rodent models.
Early evidence shows a potential for eRapa™ to prevent the progression and recurrence of prostate and bladder cancer, meeting a significant unmet need in the marketplace.
Scientists at the Barshop Institute have demonstrated that orally administered eRapa™ can prevent the development of Alzheimer’s pathologies in mice.
Over the past decade, (Rapamycin) has shown promise as a drug that not only can extend life by delaying the onset of aging-related diseases such as cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer’s disease, but also postpone the effects of normal aging.
eRapa™ inhibits the progression and recurrence of cancer. Research has shown eRapa rejuvenates the immune system exhausted by age and cancer exposure. Click here to read more.
eRapa™ was developed at the Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, and is the only pharmaceutical agent tested thus far to demonstrate significantly increased health span and lifespan in rodent models. Click here to read more.
Early evidence shows a potential for eRapa™ to prevent the progression of prostate cancer and Familial Adenomatous Polyposis, a precursor to colon cancer, meeting a significant unmet need in the marketplace. Click here to read more.
Scientists at the Barshop Institute have demonstrated that orally administered eRapa™ can prevent the development of Alzheimer’s pathologies in mice. Click here to read more.
Over the past decade, has shown promise as a drug that not only can extend life by delaying the onset of aging-related diseases such as cancer, heart disease, and Alzheimer’s disease, but also postpone the effects of normal aging. Click here to read more.San Antonio, Texas based Holdings, Inc. (RHI) is developing and commercializing eRapa™, a novel formulation of rapamycin, that suppresses a variety of cancers and other age-related diseases.
The patented oral formulation offers improved pharmacodynamics over generic rapamycin, including better shelf life stability, increased bioavailability, and more predictable blood levels. This formulation, eRapa™, was originally developed for use in aging studies at the Barshop Institute for Longevity and Aging Studies at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio (UTHSCSA), and it is the only pharmaceutical agent tested thus far to demonstrate significantly increased health span and lifespan in rodent models.
Science, Nature, and Time magazine proclaimed the discovery of a special formulation of to extend one’s life and health span among the most significant and exciting scientific breakthroughs of 2009. In addition, Dr. Randy Strong, Dr. Dave Sharp and a supporting cast of researchers with the Barshop Institute have discovered applications to treat diseases in the fields of oncology, immunology, neurology and trauma.
began operations in late 2012 and has a portfolio covering 5 issued patents, 6 patents pending, and 5 patents pending for the use of our patented formulation of to address large market opportunities in cancer, dementia, autoimmune disease and post-surgical adhesions. These patents cover the novel formulation as a composition of matter, the manufacturing process for the formulation, and a variety of method of use patents covering our unique dosing and treatment regimens in multiple target disease indications.Dan Hargrove, JD, – OFFICER
Mr. Hargrove, a lawyer by training, is a recognized expert and author on healthcare law and has extensive experience in operating oncology clinical trials.  He has practiced and taught healthcare law for over 23 years with an expertise in the monetization and commercialization of intellectual property.  He is the co-founder and Chief Development Officer for Cancer Insight, LLC, a drug development and clinical contract research organization.  He is a former Air Force reserve judge advocate, holding the rank of Lieutenant Colonel, and a former professor of law at the Army School.
Mr. Horsey has more than 20 years of broad international and domestic experience building financial and operational infrastructure for multi-national corporations in the biotech, information technology, and retail fields. He was formerly the Finance Director for Genzyme’s Multiple Sclerosis and Oncology Business Units and Controller for Dell Computer Company’s $14North American Consumer Business Unit.  Mr. Horsey has extensive knowledge of start-up finance and operational strategy.
Dr. George Peoples is the founder and director of the Cancer Vaccine Development Program (CVDP), associated with the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences (USUHS) in Bethesda,  He is the current of Cancer Insight, LLC, Professor of Surgery at USUHS, and Professor (adjunct) of Surgical Oncology at Anderson Cancer Center (MDACC).  He served as the past Chair of the Cancer Program, San Antonio Military Medical Center and the past Deputy Director of the United States Military Cancer Institute.  He was the salutatorian graduate of the United States Military Academy and is a retired Army Colonel. Dr. Peoples is a graduate of Johns Hopkins Medical School, completed his surgical training at Harvard’s Brigham & Women’s Hospital, completed a postdoctoral fellowship at the Laboratory of Biological Cancer Therapy at Harvard Medical School, and completed a surgical oncology fellowship at Anderson.  Dr. Peoples has published over 300 peer-reviewed articles and manuscripts and 12 book chapters on cancer, immune therapy, and similar subjects.  He holds 7 INDs, 4 of his immunotherapies are in active commercial development, and he is the named inventor on dozens of patents in the field of immunotherapy.
Dr. Carole Spangler Vaughn holds a Ph.in Biophysics from The Johns Hopkins University and an from the University of Washington. She has held a variety of positions in the biopharma/healthcare industry, working for large and small companies, both in the laboratory and in business development. She spent several years as a laboratory manager at Bristol-Myers Squibb in their biologics discovery unit, mainly working on novel cancer biotherapeutics.  She worked at the University of Washington’s Office of Technology Transfer, where she evaluated and out-licensed technologies. She was Director of Business Development at Dendreon Corporation, of Business Development for Clario Medical Imaging, and has consulted and advised several healthcare-related emerging companies, acting mainly in Business Development or roles, focusing on strategy, fund-raising, sales, and marketing.  She owned and operated the Hawaii State franchise for MediVet-America, the world’s largest veterinarian stem cell therapy company, where she trained clinics on four islands to isolate stromal vascular fraction from adipose, mainly to treat arthritis.  Dr. Spangler Vaughn was an adjunct faculty member at Seattle Pacific University, teaching courses in their program.
Ms. Kingman has over 10 years of experience in strategy, analytics, and business development in the healthcare field.  Formerly the Director of Strategy for Texas Health Resources hospital system and management consultant within Accenture’s healthcare division, where she served clients in the pharmaceutical, hospital, and payer industries.
Dr. LeVan has over 25 years of pharmaceutical development experience in chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (“CMC”) and in drug metabolism. He was the former Director of Process Development at Genzyme Corporation supporting Genzyme’s oncology products. He held previous positions at Bone Care International, Inc. (acquired by Genzyme) and Hazleton Laboratories (now Covance).  Dr. LeVan participated in the preparation of two successful NDAs and several sNDAs and INDs.
President of Christus Santa Rosa Hospital and former Director of the Health San Antonio Cancer Therapy & Research Center.  Dr. Thompson is a urologic oncologist who specializes in prevention, early detection, and treatment of prostate and other urologic cancers, including cancers of the kidney, bladder and testis. trustee of the American Board of Urology, chairman of the Early Detection Research Network of the National Cancer Institute, and chair of the Genitourinary Cancer Committee of the Southwest Oncology Group, one of the largest cancer treatment trials organizations in the world.
Dr. Liss is a practicing physician at Health San Antonio where he specializes in cancer of the genitourinary system including kidney cancer and prostate cancer.  He is the site principal investigator for SWOG, formerly the Southwest Oncology Group, one of the largest cooperative clinical trial groups in the world.  He also serves as the medical director of clinical research at University Hospital.  Dr. Liss is an active member of the cancer center’s genetics and high risk cancer screening clinic focusing on patients at high risk for kidney and prostate cancer.  Dr. Liss graduated with honors from the Medical School of Wisconsin and completed training at the University of California, Irvine and a fellowship in urologic oncology at the University of California, San Diego.  He holds a Masters of Applied Science in Clinical Trials (MAS).
Will is a partner and the head of the Intellectual Property Group at Rosenthal Pauerstein Sandoloski Agather LLP, Attorneys at Law. Prior to joining Rosenthal Pauerstein, Mr. Quirk worked at Kinetic Concepts where he served as Associate General Counsel, Chief Counsel and Director, Regulatory Affairs.
Randy is a serial entrepreneur and former President and Chief Executive Officer of The Texas Technology Development Center. Fund-manager of the McDermott Pre-Seed Fund; the Oklahoma Technology Business Finance Program, Emerging Ventures of Oklahoma Fund, and Mississippi Technology Alliance Seed Fund. Randy is an internationally recognized leader in business incubation and emerging technology venture development.