To improve patients’ lives through the discovery, development and delivery of therapeutics that leverage polymer science and other novel approaches.
First commercialized medicine resulting from Relypsa’s polymer technology platform.  Important Safety Information
As of September 1, 2016, became a Vifor Pharma company.  Learn more about Vifor Pharma .
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of late-stage medicines in the iron deficiency, nephrology and cardio-renal therapeutic areas. We are committed to delivering innovative therapies that will change treatment paradigms and improve patients’ lives.
has a rich legacy in polymer technology and is headquartered in Redwood City, Calif. was founded in 2007 and, in September 2016, became a Vifor Pharma Group company. Today, we have nearly 400 employees united by a passion for improving patients’ lives.
Learn more about Vifor Pharma here .
Part of our work at involves supporting the communities who benefit from our medicines. We support a variety of organizations including the American Association of Kidney Patients (AAKP), the American Kidney Fund (AKF) and the National Kidney Foundation (NKF).
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .President
Patrick joined in May 2015 as Vice President of Sales, where he assisted with the successful launch of Relypsa’s first commercial product. In April 2017 he was appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer of and in 2018, he was promoted to President. He has more than 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry in sales, marketing, managed markets and training and development, and over 10 years of senior leadership experience. Prior to Relypsa, Patrick served as Vice President of Sales and Managed Markets at Insulet Corporation, a medical device company. Before Insulet, he served as Vice President of Sales at Pharmaceuticals, where he assisted in the buildout of its first commercial team and successful launch of its first brand. Earlier in his career, Patrick held positions of increasing responsibility at Johnson and Johnson, Abbott Laboratories and Oscient Pharmaceuticals including roles as District Sales Manager, Brand Manager, Director of Sales Training and National Sales Director. Patrick earned a in management from Bryant University and an from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Vice President of Quality and Analytical Development
Estela joined in September 2013 with more than 25 years of experience in quality and analytical development in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry. Prior to Relypsa, she was a Senior Specialist at Genentech. Before that, she was Executive Director of and Analytical Development at Affymax. Earlier in her career, Estela worked at Vaxgen as a Director, where she built a team and a laboratory that supported the manufacture of vaccines. Prior to Vaxgen, she worked at Sugen and Scios. She began her career at Sterling Winthrop (currently Sanofi-Aventis). Estela has a from the Iberoamerican University in Mexico City, an from American University in Washington D.C., and a Ph.in organic chemistry from the University of Maryland.
Vice President of Human Resources
Laurie joined in 2016 with more than 25 years of experience in human resources, talent development, facilitation/coaching and improving organizational effectiveness. Prior to Relypsa, she was responsible for the evolution and development of change leadership practices, standards, tools and guidelines as a senior manager in talent development at Intuit, Inc. She partnered with executives across the legal, corporate affairs, big data engineering and analytics and information security organizations to drive key strategic outcomes and decisions on talent, organizational effectiveness, strategic capability and leadership. Prior to Intuit she served as Director, Business Partner for Altera Corporation. While there, she also served as the Director of Learning and Organizational Effectiveness and established a leadership framework and development program. Earlier in her career, Laurie was a senior training consultant providing instructional design, leadership development training and worldwide sales training to Cisco Systems. She was also a technical trainer for Quantum Corporation and Unisys Corporation. Laurie received a in organizational communication with a concentration in marketing from Arizona State University.
Rolf joined in 2016 with 28 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry. Prior to Relypsa, Rolf worked at several companies, including Medicines360, Johnson & Johnson and Corporation. While at Medicines360, he led the design and manufacturing development of Liletta®, an intrauterine device (IUD) that was approved in 2015. Rolf also designed the second generation Duragesic® fentanyl patch for Johnson & Johnson and was awarded a patent for the design of a novel multilayer patch design and method of manufacture. Rolf held many leadership roles at Corporation, including managing the transdermal and oral product pilot plants; designing, developing and manufacturing iontophoretic drug delivery systems; and developing controlled release patches and capsules resulting in several other successful and currently marketed products. Rolf received a in chemical engineering from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.
Martha joined in 2013 with more than 20 years of experience in clinical drug development and is responsible for oversight of all Veltassa clinical trials. Prior to Relypsa, Martha served as Executive Director of Clinical Development at Affymax, Inc. Martha received a in pharmacy from the University of North Carolina and a Pharmfrom the University of Texas at San Antonio.
Vice President of Medical and Scientific Affairs
Alain joined in August 2015 with 25 years of experience in clinical research and development, medical affairs and business development. He has led clinical programs across a wide range of therapeutic areas, including drug delivery, anti-infectives, neuroscience, cardiovascular and respiratory medicine, resulting in the successful filing and launch of several new pharmacological treatments. Before joining Relypsa, Alain was Vice President of Medical Affairs at Actelion, where he launched Opsumit® for pulmonary arterial hypertension. Previously, Alain spent 18 years at Pfizer, where he worked in early clinical research on licensing assets to late-stage development, domestically and internationally, before becoming responsible for Medical Affairs. Prior to joining the biotechnology/pharma industry, Alain practiced at the Rennes University Hospital, was a Research Fellow at Ciba-Geigy, and served as a consultant for several companies and on FDA-mandated audits. He was an Adjunct Professor of Medicine at the University of Rennes and the Miller Medical School in Miami. Alain has a Pharm.from the University of Rennes School of Medicine and Pharmacy and a Ph.in biomedical and pharmaceutical sciences from the University of Rhode Island.
James joined in March 2014 and has had increasing responsibility during his tenure with the Company. He has more than 15 years of experience in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry in the areas of corporate finance, financial planning and analysis, accounting operations and collaborations. Prior to joining Relypsa, James served as Director, Financial Planning and Analysis, at Exelixis. Before that, he held management roles at Titan Pharmaceuticals and Affymax. He received a in business administration from the University of San Francisco and an with a concentration in finance from Golden Gate University.
Vice President and General Counsel
Deborah joined in September 2014 and now serves as Vice President and General Counsel. Prior to Relypsa, Deborah was Vice President of Legal Services at Exelixis, where she helped the company prepare for the approval and commercial launch of Cometriq® for the treatment of progressive, metastatic medullary thyroid cancer. During her 10 years at Exelixis, she built the company’s legal transactions team and worked on a variety of transactions to support the research, development, partnering and commercialization of drug products. She also initiated the company’s healthcare compliance program. Before Exelixis, Deborah served as in-house counsel at Peninsula Pharmaceuticals. Earlier in her career, she was an Associate in the Life Sciences Transactions Practice Group at Cooley Deborah received a in biological sciences from the University of California, Davis, and a from Santa Clara University Law School.
Philippe joined in 2016 with more than 20 years of pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry experience in clinical development and operations. Prior to Relypsa, Philippe served as Director of Clinical Research at Pfizer, Inc., where he was responsible for the formation of a clinical research team in South San Francisco. Philippe also held positions of increasing responsibility in clinical operations at Genentech, Inc.; Quintiles Holdings, Inc. (now IQVIA); and International, located in Canada and the United States. He is also an industry advisor for the Clinical Research and Management Program at Berkeley Extension. Philippe received a B.Sc. in biology at Université du Québec á Montréal and a M.Sc. in microbiology at Université Laval.
Executive Director of New Product Strategy and Planning
Sarah joined in 2017 with more than 15 years of experience in healthcare. Prior to Relypsa, Sarah held leadership roles in strategy consulting, market planning, commercial development and marketing at companies including McKesson Specialty Health; the World Bank Group; Genentech, Inc.; and Cytokinetics, Inc. While at McKesson, Sarah served as the Head of Product Marketing, leading a team that marketed nearly 20 healthcare information technology (IT) products. Prior to McKesson, Sarah held strategic and analytic roles at the World Bank, where she analyzed vaccine economics for the developing world; Genentech, where she led the market planning team for Herceptin; and Cytokinetics, where she managed market and commercial planning activities for the company’s four development programs. Sarah received an in history and literature from Harvard University and an from Stanford University.
Satish joined in 2018 with more than 25 years of business and information technology (IT) experience in various industries, including medical device manufacturing where he led global cross-functional programs. He is responsible for leading Relypsa’s organization. Prior to Relypsa, Satish worked at General Electric (GE) where he held several leadership roles. Most recently, he worked as the Senior Director at Digital, where he was responsible for growing a global center of excellence team. Satish holds a in Mechanical Engineering from Bangalore University.
Albert joined in February 2017 with more than 10 years of experience in healthcare communications spanning corporate, product and R&communications. Most recently, he was Director, R&Communications, at Baxalta (now part of Shire), where he oversaw communications for R&including the newly created Global Innovation Center. Prior to Baxalta, he was Director, Global External Communications, at Novartis Vaccines, where he led public relations for the global launch of Bexsero®, the first vaccine available to prevent meningococcal serogroup Albert started his career in Europe, working for the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations (IFPMA) and Sanofi Pasteur He received a in business economics and international relations from Brown University and an in international studies from the Graduate Institute of International Studies, Switzerland.
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .1994
Symyx Technologies was founded to discover new materials for the chemical, electronics and life science industries
Symyx put its screening technology to use for pharmaceutical research. With its proprietary technology, Symyx was able to generate hundreds to thousands of unique materials at a time and screen them rapidly and automatically for desired properties. In addition to producing catalysts for the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, chemicals and plastics, it created polymers that could be used as medicines.
Symyx Technologies spun out its proprietary polymer drug discovery and development platform into a separate privately-held company called Ilypsa
Ilypsa was focused on developing non-absorbed polymer medicines for kidney disease. Its lead investigational medicine was for hyperphosphatemia, or abnormally high levels of phosphate in the blood, which is common in people receiving kidney dialysis for chronic kidney disease (CKD). 
Amgen focused on developing the lead investigational polymer medicine for hyperphosphatemia. Astellas, which had licensed rights to the medicine, currently markets it in Japan.
became a Vifor Pharma company 
Today, is focused on the development and commercialization of late-stage medicines in the iron deficiency, nephrology and cardio-renal therapeutic areas. We are committed to delivering innovative therapies that will change treatment paradigms and improve patients’ lives.
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .Supporting Corporate Giving and Grants
is committed to supporting patients, caregivers, healthcare professionals, our employees and communities. We currently support grants that are aligned with our therapeutic areas of interest, currently diseases and conditions associated with hyperkalemia, including kidney and cardiovascular disease.
We provide support for the following:
If your organization is interested in applying for one of the above, please review our guidelines for 
. You may also contact us with questions by sending an email to 
 (Contributions and Sponsorships, Medical Education) or 
 (Investigator Initiated Studies). complies with applicable transparency reporting and disclosure obligations, including those relating to state and federal regulations and as stipulated by the National Physician Payment Transparency Program. Accordingly, payments provided to healthcare professionals, including physicians and teaching hospitals, will be reported as required.
Nephrology and Cardiology Fellowship Grant Program 2019-2020
We strive to help patients around the world with severe and chronic diseases lead better, healthier lives.
We are agile, resourceful and open to new ideas to do things better.
We are focused on our customer’s needs and act decisively - even if we do not have all the answers - to take advantage of the opportunities in front of us.
We accept that by being fast we can fail along the way, but we learn the right lessons from these experiences and apply them in the future.
We deliver on our promises and take accountability for our actions.
We delegate appropriately and empower our people to make sound and timely decisions.
We are humble and create a collaborative environment where all voices can be heard.
We communicate in an open and direct way and we ask for and listen to feedback without slowing down decision making.
We share best practices, resources and information and remove unnecessary complexities.
We have fun at work and want a safe and positive atmosphere in all our locations.
We recognize people for doing what is best for Vifor Pharma and our patients.
We create an atmosphere of trust and assume positive intent.
We always respect other people and opinions.
We value diversity in people and the strength a diverse team creates.
We put the patient is in the center of our mind. We aim to change patients’ lives.
We demonstrate a commitment to integrity and ethics.
By clicking "OK" below, you will be redirected away from this website to a third party website.       Relypsa, Inc. cannot attest to the accuracy of any information on any third party site.       The privacy protection provided on this website may not be available at these other sites.       We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every Web site you visit.       Our Privacy Policy is located at http://www.relypsa.com/privacy-policy/ .