Those of us at the Growers, Inc. (RGVSG) are proud of our South Texas roots, our rich history, and our significant contributions to the local, state and national economy.
We're one of the top 10 producers of raw in the United States.
is a member-owned cooperative comprised of over 126 in a three-county area. Together, we process more than 1.5 million tons of cane annually, producing nearly 160,000 tons of raw and 60,000 tons of molasses.
We're creating jobs and growing our economy.
The national sweetener industry creates $21.1 billion in economic activity. In Texas alone, more than 8,000 jobs rely on a strong domestic sweetener industry.
We never forget our roots and the contributions of our and staff that make an industry leader. employs 190 full-time employees and another 300 seasonal workers. We typically contribute more than 10 percent of the total gross revenues the generates from agriculture each year.
We invite you to learn more about RGVSG, our industry and issues.
Texas Sugar. Texas Grown.Our Company
(RGVSG), Inc. is a member-owned cooperative comprised of over 126 in a three-county area. Together, members produce more than 1.5 million tons of cane each year, yielding nearly 160,000 tons of raw and 60,000 tons of molasses. is one of the top 10 producers of raw in the United States.
employs up to 500 workers in a normal producing year, which culminates with a harvesting period from October to April. Annual payroll of the cooperative exceeds $12 million, with an annual operating budget of more than $32 million.
In Texas, where more than 8,000 jobs rely on a strong sweetener industry, alone accounts for up to 11 percent of the total gross revenues produced by agriculture every year. Member utilize over 40,000 acres of rich South Texas farmland in the cultivation of cane crops.Our History
cane has been part of the agricultural landscape for more than 200 years. First introduced to South Texas' subtropical climate in the early 1800s, five major mills were in operation in the by 1913. However, in a short span of eight years, economic and political hardships
brought on by World War forced the last of the mills to close in 1921.
In the 1960s - almost 40 years after the last mill in the was shuttered -- agricultural leaders in South Texas, in cooperation with the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station in Weslaco and the Department of Agriculture, launched feasibility studies to determine whether cane production could once again be cost-efficient in South Texas. When those studies returned solid data showing that the time was indeed right to re-enter the market, the four-decade hiatus was over - and the cane industry in the was reborn.
The Valley's re-entry into the cane market was a grassroots effort aimed at keeping costs as low as possible and returning maximum profit to the growers. In 1970, a
cooperative of 100 South Texas farmers pledged both money and cropland to help build a new mill and establish sustainable crops. By 1973, the cooperative completed construction of a $28 million mill in time for its first harvest in December of that same year.