Cloud and On-premises Management
The digital performance platform that improves every aspect of your business
In our cloud-mobile world, digital performance defines business success. Discover how to push your digital boundaries and improve your business with Riverbed.
Simplify network management and deliver instant, secure cloud connectivity with our industry-leading SD-solution.
Unify user experience, application, and network visibility to proactively improve and optimize the digital experience for all your users.
Centralize edge infrastructure to secure 100% of your company’s data and dramatically reduce operating costs.
Discover how digital performance can make all the difference.
Measure & Transform the Customer Experience
How to Ensure the Performance of Your Cloud-Native Apps
Putting Big Data and Automation at the Core of Your Cloud-Native Strategy
An Paper on the Importance of a Digital Performance Platform
Trusted by 30,000 of the World’s Leading Companies
Trusted by 30,000 of the World’s Leading Companies
                                 “Anything that we can do to differentiate ourselves is going to benefit the company. I’m happy that can play a role in that and that I’ve helped to improve the performance of our mobile and web apps so that we get a better customer experience. And did that using the products.” 
Trusted by 30,000 of the World’s Leading Companies
                                 “We’ve shown colleagues that the strategy of globalization and digitization is working. The improvements are clear: an 80% improvement in application response times and 4.5x more data through the same bandwidth.”
Trusted by 30,000 of the World’s Leading Companies
                                 “Five years ago, 20% of our revenue was digital, and today it's over 90%. As we continue on our digital journey, having a scalable and stable digital platform infrastructure and end-to-end visibility across our digital services and into the cloud is critical.”
Trusted by 30,000 of the World’s Leading Companies
Trusted by 30,000 of the World’s Leading Companies
                                 “When we can do things from an perspective behind the scenes [with Riverbed], and it results in things being better and faster for the users, transformation can happen real quickly.”
Named a Leader in Gartner's 2018 Magic Quadrant for NPMD
Find out why has been named a leader for the fifth consecutive year.
Cloud Security Integrated with SD-WAN
explores how SD-and cloud security have emerged to help unlock the cloud’s full potential
Measuring the of SD-WAN
reviews the benefits of moving from legacy networks to SteelConnect
How to Reduce Network Downtime in the Era of Digital Business
the latest from Digital business insights from our customers, employees, and partners
Benchmarking First Contact Resolution – Five Ways Aternity Helps You Improve
Connecting people, businesses, and experiences in the digital world
Cloud and On-premises Management
At Riverbed, We're Behind The Scenes Of The Companies You Use Every Day.
Even if you’ve never heard of us, you know us. We’re at the center of the software industry. Our clients trust us to keep their world – and yours — running smoothly.
We bring together the teams that are developing technologies for better cars, airplanes, and even cities. Our solutions include end-user experience management, software-defined networking, SD-WAN, cloud and mobile, big data, and network visibility. 
As a billion-dollar company with consistent profitability, we’re poised to meet the software age head on and move upward with momentum as a leading digital transformation innovator.
We make a difference. So can you.
Leadership really trusts you and pushes you to be successful.
Lots of opportunity and avenues for career growth.
Anyone who wants to learn more about the future application performance definitely wants to works here.
You get to take on challenging work and new projects.
has never been more relevant with regards to what’s happening in now.
I’m excited to work for a company which has the cutting edge of technology.
Cutting edge technologies for business, you name it we are working on it.
We Turn Radical Ideas Into Real-World Results
We Invest In Our Employees
Continuing education is critical for growth. We offer robust online and in-person learning and development programs for all our employees.
We believe a healthy work/life balance keeps our employees passionate about their work and their lives, so we offer generous time-off allowances. We also hold picnics, parties, and team events, as well as 
We Offer Competitive Pay And Benefits
Our compensation package goes beyond salary to include stock incentives and numerous other benefits. 
Our comprehensive health plan includes medical, dental, vision, flexible spending accounts, and life and disability insurance.
We Encourage Curiousity And Collaboration
From our flat management structure to our open seating policy, we make collaboration a seamless part of everyday life. Our best solutions come from out-of-the-box thinking, so we encourage everyone to share their unique ideas.
We Have Local Roots And Global Presence
As a tech company based in San Francisco, we're an integral part of the local community. But our reach is always expanding: we have more than 65 locations around the globe, and we're continuing to grow.
Transform your career and make an impact on some of the world’s biggest companies.
Develop cutting-edge solutions in a creative, collaborative environment.
Turn your passion for business into a career that changes lives.
In today’s world, digital performance defines business success. But performance in the digital age is about more than speed. That’s why provides a fully unified and integrated platform that eliminates tradeoffs and helps customers rethink possible. We help enhance digital performance across every aspect of a customer’s business—whether that’s gaining insight into new customers and industries, improving time to market, increasing productivity, or simply delivering fast, secure digital experiences today’s users demand.
The Digital Performance Platform helps transform the way customers run the powerful network- and cloud-based apps that connect people, businesses, and experiences in our digital world.
Rubber meets the road with end-to-end application visibility
gives Michelin end-to-end application and network visibility. With SteelCentral solutions, Michelin can now quickly resolve all types of faults to reduce risk of disruption to the business. As a result, the company has reduced application rollout time by 30% and better targets spending for improved return on investment.
Accelerating contract process for better customer experience
Hilton Grand Vacations Club owns and operates over 3,700 timeshare vacation ownership resorts for more than 100,000 members globally. With branch offices around the world sending large amounts of data to headquarters in Orlando, the company turned to to improve application performance, and efficiently manage and troubleshoot network and application performance from a central location.
Reducing time spent on application performance troubleshooting by 90%
National Instruments’ public-facing website, ni.com, gets three-quarters of a million page requests daily. The web systems team used to spend thousands of hours annually troubleshooting issues caused by newly released apps. National Instruments now relies on for end-to-end application visibility, which has reduced application troubleshooting time by 90%. helped make this business-critical website more stable for a better customer experience.
is a global leader in power and automation technologies, with about 30,000 people in North America alone. When key applications don’t work it can cost the company as much as $1 million per day. uses to track key web-application performance metrics, analyze web-application behavior, and detect problems early.
Crayola was founded in 1885 when cousins Edwin Binney and Harold Smith took over Edwin’s father’s pigment business. Today, Crayola employs 1,200 people and sells crayons and related products in 80+ countries. The company’s networks are critical for running its global operations.  “Network (and application) performance directly affects employee productivity,” says Oren Woodruff, LAN/Integrator for Crayola. “When someone complains that the network is slow, we need answers right away. There are too many network components involved to manually diagnose problems, and too often the problems went away before we could figure out what was happening, and couldn’t be re-created.”
Schneider Electric is a global specialist in energy management, with networks connecting 110,000 people and 1,000 remote sites in 100 countries with four data centers.
Tecan, a leader in advanced automation and detection solutions for life science laboratories, has 1,200 employees at its Swiss HQ, R&and production sites in North America and Europe, and a 52-country sales-and-service network. sprawl of remote servers, storage, and apps has expanded across these sites with little standardization and data security.  “We wanted a single point solution rather than the cumbersome and complex multi-point situation we had been using,” says Marc Ehinger, Tecan’s Head of Global Infrastructure. “We were looking for much more flexibility and to centralize as much as possible in our data center in Zurich. Our goal is for to be a fluid resource that we can flex and assign as we need.”
Fast apps for the world’s leading commercial real estate company
has more than 230 corporate offices and a global workforce of 58,000 providing services in 80 countries for a property portfolio of 3.4 billion square feet.  JLL’s network is going hybrid as the company moves apps and services to the cloud and replaces its network with dual high-speed Internet links at each office for more bandwidth at a better price. “Even with 100 mbps connections, without SteelHead, people would be screaming about poor application performance,” says Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, for  “Delivering business-critical apps over the Internet saves us millions without sacrificing performance. makes it possible,” says Edward Wagoner, Chief Information Officer, Americas, for JLL.
Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, JLL
Resolving app performance issues 50% faster
Allianz, with more than 148,000 employees in 70+ countries, is the 31st largest company in the world, offering insurance and other services to 83 million clients.  “Long page load times and slow application speeds affected our productivity,” says Neval Bircaner, Governance Supervisor for Allianz Turkey. “Whenever an application performance issue occurred, it was often difficult to pinpoint the root cause. It was hard to determine whether the application performance issues were due to the applications, the network, or our database. We were also interested in ensuring that our external partners were satisfied with our systems.”
Carilion Clinic is a non-profit providing health care to nearly one million patients in southwest Virginia. Core apps centralized in Roanoke support radiological services, electronic medical records, etc. To ensure the needed performance for patient care, Carilion had originally purchased OC3 network circuits. “An OC3 to one hospital was costing us $12,000 per month,” says Ed Eades, a Network Engineer. “When we put it down to a DS3, it costs about $4,000 per month and that’s just one site."  Carilion did a proof-of-concept with SteelHead, and are now seeing in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 times the throughput. replication that took nearly 24 hours now took less than four.
Maximize Digital Performance To Drive Growth And The Human Experience
Maximize Digital Performance To Drive Growth And The Human Experience
Maximize Digital Performance To Drive Growth And The Human Experience
Join the fun and help us shape the future of how the New Net Works .
Undergoing An Infrastructure Makeover? Three Solutions To Anchor Your Refresh Strategy
recognized as leader in Network Performance Monitoring and Diagnostics (NPMD) Magic Quadrant
has been named the 2017 Fierce Telecom Innovation Award Winner for software-defined networking/network virtualization function (SDN/NFV).  was selected as a winner for its innovative, industry leading, software-defined (SD-WAN) and cloud networking product, SteelConnect.
TELEPHONY’s SD-Excellence Awards have been bestowed upon companies that demonstrate the innovation, vision, and execution to deliver software-based networking tools to support different and unique communities of interest.
Riverbed's SD-(software-defined wide area network) solution, SteelConnect, received a “Best in Show Award” - Grand Prize in the SDN/(software defined infrastructure/network function infrastructure) category - at Interop Tokyo 2017, highlighting the company's ground-breaking innovation in the rapidly emerging SD-market.
Enterprise-level businesses are turning to Riverbed’s Application Performance Platform to boost network efficiencies, increase productivity, and keep applications running. The company allows remote teams to stay reliably and securely connected through hybrid networks, which is why is our choice for optimization.
The award recognizes technologies that have built solutions that allow organizations to remain active and productive even under the most challenging conditions (data loss, natural or man-made disaster, service interruptions), minimizing lost business opportunities.
Like F5, is the king of its particular hill – in this case, optimization. And although continues to try and branch (get it) out, in the wake of a 2014 go-private deal, the company’s core business remains optimization, for which it’s been recognized as a Gartner Magic Quadrant leader for eight straight years. The company “rebooted, reorganized and refocused,” Paul O’Farrell (and General Manager of the SteelHead and SteelFusion business unit) told Network World recently, and its diversification saw it showing off solutions – provided in part by its 2012 acquisition of Opnet Technologies – at this year’s VMworld conference.
Global Services, a global business process outsourcing company and customer, won the “Special Awards” category at the CIO100 Awards. These awards honor the significant contributions of Indian CIOs in particular domains.
Aternity Inc. is a Gold Winner in the 10th Annual 2015 Network Products Guide World Awards as the Customer Service Team of the Year. These industry and peer awards from Network Products Guide are the world’s premier information awards honoring achievements in every facet of the industry.
wins for Network Traffic Monitoring & Management in the NetworkWorld Asia Information Management Awards that recognizes Asia's leaders in Information Security, Storage and Data Management for the huge advances made in these fields over the last few years.
honors 440 women whose channel expertise and vision are deserving of recognition. Executives at top the list for CRN's 2015 Women of the Channel.
is proud to be recognized a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Optimization for seven consecutive years.
Channel Chiefs, the really good ones, are crucial to the success of the tech industry, and often don't get the credit they deserve. Executives at top the list as CRN's 2015 Channel Chiefs.
Aternity has been named to Top 20 Most Promising Citrix Solution Providers by Review for its End User monitoring tools that fulfill the needs of the Citrix landscape — both from a provider and consumer perspective. Aternity was selected from over a thousand entries by a distinguished panel comprising of CEOs, CIOs, CMOs, VCs, analysts and the Review editorial board.
Aternity mfor App Developers is the Bronze Winner in the New Products or Services category of the Golden Bridge Awards. This is an annual industry and peer recognition program honoring the best companies in every major industry across the world. More than 40 judges from a broad spectrum of industry voices participated and voted to determine the award winners.
was awarded the 2014 Network Management Vendor of the year.
Servers and storage in remote and branch offices can be a challenge to back up and administer. Granite brings these resources back to the corporate data center while still providing 'like local' accessibility.
Granite has been selected as a finalist in the Storage magazine/SearchStorage.com 2013 Product of the Year
has been honored for a Glassdoor Employees' Choice Award, recognizing the 50 Best Places to Work in 2014.
named one of the 10 most powerful firms in the world of network management.
For a third consecutive year, has achieved certification under the Power Certified Service and Support Program
The 2013 American Business Awards, also known as The Stevies, has ranked Aternity for Mobile as a Finalist in the Best New Product or Service – Business-to-Business Products category.
Frost & Sullivan hosted the 11th edition of its India Information & Communications (ICT) Awards banquet, held at the Le Meridien in New Delhi on May 16th, 2013.
Aternity has been recognized by Everything Channel in CRN’s new Virtualization 100 list. Featuring the top 100 vendors in the virtualization space as identified by the editorial staff of CRN, the list serves as the de facto resource by which VARs can begin to evaluate the best virtualization products for their business. Aternity was named to the Virtualization 100 list for its unique ability to pinpoint the contributing components of poor application performance from the Desktop Vantage Point for any transaction within any Windows application in physical and virtual desktop (VDI) environments.
Cloud and On-premises Management
DevOps: Disruptor – and a Boon – for the Channel
Learn What DevOps Means for the Channel
New SteelCentral Advanced Security Module Offers Customers Better Protection – a message from Mike Sargent
Thanks to our partners!
What’s New with SteelHead SD? Upgraded Routing, Subscription Pricing, and More
SteelFusion Helps You Get the Most From the Intersect Between Ioand the Intelligent Edge
Microsoft 365 Monitoring — Five Tips for Ensuring Excellent Communication and Collaboration
Five Reasons why Rise has been recognized in CRN’s Network Connectivity Partner Program Guide
How Riverbed’s Unified Application Performance and End-User Experience Monitoring Helps You Grow Your Business
DevOps: Disruptor – and a Boon – for the Channel
                For decades, systems were built in silos by engineers, systems administrators, security experts and others who were each focused on their specific roles within...                
                Riverbed’s channel leader, Bridget Bisnette, offers her predictions for 2019 including what will keep channel professionals up at night and the keys to being successful...                
New SteelCentral Advanced Security Module Offers Customers Better Protection – a message from Mike Sargent
                am pleased to announce the release of the new SteelCentral Advanced Security Module.  This is a very exciting new capability for SteelCentral. It significantly extends NetProfiler’s...                
                We’ve been seeing a lot of great results from our new partner program and we have another accolade to add. Rise was honored as...                
What’s New with SteelHead SD? Upgraded Routing, Subscription Pricing, and More
                Launches Most Powerful SD-Solution with Significant Enterprise-Class Routing Enhancements and Flexible Subscription Pricing is delivering the most powerful and complete Edge...                
                Today, more business than ever takes place in remote office / branch office locations (ROBOs), so it’s crucial for to deliver the application performance...                
                Create profitable new revenue streams by providing your customers with a comprehensive, performance management solution for managing network and application performance in SaaS, Iaaand Paaenvironments....                
SteelFusion Helps You Get the Most From the Intersect Between Ioand the Intelligent Edge
                What is the network edge? In the telecommunications field, it might be a phone or a cell tower. In an automotive scenario, the edge of...                
Cloud and On-premises Management
The Partner Center is currently not available due to scheduled maintenance. Please check back after Saturday, January 6, 2018 at 2:00 to check out the new site. Our apologies for any inconvenience this may cause you.
Leading companies worldwide are partnering with to provide innovative solutions that solve complex business problems, open new markets, and create new revenue opportunities.
Riverbed’s worldwide ecosystem of partners enables our customers to purchase, deploy, and extend products and technologies. Please view our partner categories below to find the best match for your business or technical requirements.
Value-add resale partners, distributors, service providers, and system integrators that help customers get more out of their current infrastructure with products and services.
Leading vendors that integrate with and extend the value of Riverbed’s products.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Dan Smoot is Chief Customer Officer for Technology. He is responsible for focusing on customer success, and oversees all of global support and renewals, professional services, education, customer success management and Riverbed’s vertical solutions. He focuses on the customer lifecycle strategy in order to drive long-term partnerships with both customers and channel to deliver exceptional experiences and services.
He joins from Salesforce where he was most recently Executive Vice President of Global Partner Sales and managed the worldwide partner sales organization. Before Salesforce, he was Senior Vice President of Global Customer Operations at VMware, and has spent more than 10 years in a variety of senior leadership roles at Cisco.
Smoot holds a in Environmental Science from the University of California, Irvine.
Paul Mountford was appointed Chief Executive Officer of in April 2018. Mountford joined in 2014 as and Chief Sales Officer, leading the transformation of the global sales organization and partner program as evolved into a multi-product platform company that delivers a modern architecture for today’s digital enterprise. He brings to 30 years of leadership experience in the sector, including data center and virtualization, network and application infrastructure, collaboration and mobile devices.
Prior to Riverbed, Mountford was of Sentillian, a New York-based web intelligence startup focused on monitoring publicly shared content. Mountford also spent 16 years at Cisco in senior leadership roles, including running Cisco’s $34 billion Enterprise line of business, initiating and leading the company’s Emerging Markets division, and rebuilding and running Cisco’s market leading channel partner program from 2001 to 2006. Prior to joining Cisco, Mountford owned a channel development consultancy where he helped US-based companies develop successful channel strategies for successfully entering international markets.
Mike Sargent is Senior Vice President and General Manager at Technology. Sargent is an experienced global executive with a history of transforming and optimizing business innovation, performance and growth.
In his current role, Sargent leads the SteelCentral business unit which offers solutions that bring together end-user monitoring, network performance management, and application performance management to provide end-to-end application performance visibility for today’s hybrid architectures. Sargent has held leadership positions with Technologies, Oliver Wyman and Bain & Company.
Hansang Bae is Chief Officer at Technology. He is responsible for guiding the company’s vision and strategy in the digital performance industry, as well as SteelScript (open APIs) and Wireshark open source development.
In his tenure with the company, Bae has held several executive positions including Chief Scientist leading the Strategic Group of the office and the Global Consulting Engineering team. Prior to joining Riverbed, Bae was a member of the Citi (Citigroup) Architecture and Engineering leadership team. As one of the six global engineering leads, he was responsible for performance engineering, network management (NMS) tools, and capacity planning groups for all of Citi.
He joins from EMC, where he was Senior Vice President of Global Product Marketing and focused on storage, converged infrastructure, big data and hybrid cloud solutions. Previously, Iyer spent five years at Software in a variety of roles, including as a leader in HP’s Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) Business where he oversaw products, go-to-market and operations for a $1software business.  Before HP, he was at OpenClovis (open source high availability and system management), and also held management positions at Oracle, Software, and several startups in the software industry.
Iyer holds an from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
John Theler is Chief Financial Officer at Technology. He is responsible for all aspects of accounting, financial reporting, tax and treasury.
Prior to joining in 2013, Theler held several senior-level positions at Lam Research, most recently, Vice President, Corporate Controller and Regional Finance. Prior to that, he held a variety of management and executive roles in finance at several companies.  He began his career with Ernst & Young where he obtained his CPA.
Theler has a from Brigham Young University in Accounting and Information Systems.
Lori Spence is Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Technology. Spence’s responsibilities include all worldwide and operations for employees in 37 countries, including recruiting, human resources business partner activities, benefits and compensation, immigration, systems/shared services, and learning development.
Prior to joining in 2010, she was of Human Resources at BenefitStreet, a privately held Saa(Software as a Service) company that provided 401(k) recordkeeping and administration services. Spence has more than 25 years of experience in human resources, recruiting, training, organizational development, employee relations, change management and executive development. She has also held various senior human resources positions with Commerce One, Williams-Sonoma, and Macy’s.
Spence has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from Central Michigan University.
Rebecca Hazard is General Counsel of and Corporate Secretary to the Board of Directors. Hazard is responsible for all legal matters as well as trade compliance.
Previously, she served as Riverbed’s Vice President and Associate General Counsel, managing a global team of lawyers and legal professionals, responsible for commercial and transactions worldwide, including inbound and outbound licensing, channel sales agreements, privacy, outsourcing, OEM, and intellectual property matters. In private practice, Hazard was an attorney at Kirkland & Ellis in the & Transactions practice group where she focused on the acquisition, financing and sale of intellectual property and technology-focused businesses, including public and private acquisition and sale and licensing transactions.
Hazard holds a from Dartmouth College (cum laude) and a from Harvard Law School.
Andy Elder was appointed Chief Sales Officer of in April 2018 and is responsible for Riverbed’s global sales and partner strategy as well as go-to-market execution, leading the team to drive and accelerate the next wave of growth worldwide. Elder joined as Senior Vice President of Sales in in March 2017.
Prior to joining Riverbed, Elder was President at Intel Security, and was responsible for go-to-market and operations for 100 countries, and led Intel Security to become the #1 security vendor in  Before that, Elder spent three years at Intellectual Ventures as Executive Vice President of Global Licensing of intellectual property and invention rights. He has more than 25 years of industry experience, including 13 years at Cisco in many roles, such as the Vice President of Global Sales for the Sports and Entertainment division.
Dan Smoot is Chief Customer Officer for Technology. He is responsible for focusing on customer success, and oversees all of global support and renewals, professional services, education, customer success management and Riverbed’s vertical solutions. He focuses on the customer lifecycle strategy in order to drive long-term partnerships with both customers and channel to deliver exceptional experiences and services.
He joins from Salesforce where he was most recently Executive Vice President of Global Partner Sales and managed the worldwide partner sales organization. Before Salesforce, he was Senior Vice President of Global Customer Operations at VMware, and has spent more than 10 years in a variety of senior leadership roles at Cisco.
Smoot holds a in Environmental Science from the University of California, Irvine.
Paul Mountford was appointed Chief Executive Officer of in April 2018. Mountford joined in 2014 as and Chief Sales Officer, leading the transformation of the global sales organization and partner program as evolved into a multi-product platform company that delivers a modern architecture for today’s digital enterprise. He brings to 30 years of leadership experience in the sector, including data center and virtualization, network and application infrastructure, collaboration and mobile devices.
Prior to Riverbed, Mountford was of Sentillian, a New York-based web intelligence startup focused on monitoring publicly shared content. Mountford also spent 16 years at Cisco in senior leadership roles, including running Cisco’s $34 billion Enterprise line of business, initiating and leading the company’s Emerging Markets division, and rebuilding and running Cisco’s market leading channel partner program from 2001 to 2006. Prior to joining Cisco, Mountford owned a channel development consultancy where he helped US-based companies develop successful channel strategies for successfully entering international markets.
Mike Sargent is Senior Vice President and General Manager at Technology. Sargent is an experienced global executive with a history of transforming and optimizing business innovation, performance and growth.
In his current role, Sargent leads the SteelCentral business unit which offers solutions that bring together end-user monitoring, network performance management, and application performance management to provide end-to-end application performance visibility for today’s hybrid architectures. Sargent has held leadership positions with Technologies, Oliver Wyman and Bain & Company.
Hansang Bae is Chief Officer at Technology. He is responsible for guiding the company’s vision and strategy in the digital performance industry, as well as SteelScript (open APIs) and Wireshark open source development.
In his tenure with the company, Bae has held several executive positions including Chief Scientist leading the Strategic Group of the office and the Global Consulting Engineering team. Prior to joining Riverbed, Bae was a member of the Citi (Citigroup) Architecture and Engineering leadership team. As one of the six global engineering leads, he was responsible for performance engineering, network management (NMS) tools, and capacity planning groups for all of Citi.
He joins from EMC, where he was Senior Vice President of Global Product Marketing and focused on storage, converged infrastructure, big data and hybrid cloud solutions. Previously, Iyer spent five years at Software in a variety of roles, including as a leader in HP’s Application Lifecycle Management (ALM) Business where he oversaw products, go-to-market and operations for a $1software business.  Before HP, he was at OpenClovis (open source high availability and system management), and also held management positions at Oracle, Software, and several startups in the software industry.
Iyer holds an from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
John Theler is Chief Financial Officer at Technology. He is responsible for all aspects of accounting, financial reporting, tax and treasury.
Prior to joining in 2013, Theler held several senior-level positions at Lam Research, most recently, Vice President, Corporate Controller and Regional Finance. Prior to that, he held a variety of management and executive roles in finance at several companies.  He began his career with Ernst & Young where he obtained his CPA.
Theler has a from Brigham Young University in Accounting and Information Systems.
Lori Spence is Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Technology. Spence’s responsibilities include all worldwide and operations for employees in 37 countries, including recruiting, human resources business partner activities, benefits and compensation, immigration, systems/shared services, and learning development.
Prior to joining in 2010, she was of Human Resources at BenefitStreet, a privately held Saa(Software as a Service) company that provided 401(k) recordkeeping and administration services. Spence has more than 25 years of experience in human resources, recruiting, training, organizational development, employee relations, change management and executive development. She has also held various senior human resources positions with Commerce One, Williams-Sonoma, and Macy’s.
Spence has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Business Administration from Central Michigan University.
Rebecca Hazard is General Counsel of and Corporate Secretary to the Board of Directors. Hazard is responsible for all legal matters as well as trade compliance.
Previously, she served as Riverbed’s Vice President and Associate General Counsel, managing a global team of lawyers and legal professionals, responsible for commercial and transactions worldwide, including inbound and outbound licensing, channel sales agreements, privacy, outsourcing, OEM, and intellectual property matters. In private practice, Hazard was an attorney at Kirkland & Ellis in the & Transactions practice group where she focused on the acquisition, financing and sale of intellectual property and technology-focused businesses, including public and private acquisition and sale and licensing transactions.
Hazard holds a from Dartmouth College (cum laude) and a from Harvard Law School.
Andy Elder was appointed Chief Sales Officer of in April 2018 and is responsible for Riverbed’s global sales and partner strategy as well as go-to-market execution, leading the team to drive and accelerate the next wave of growth worldwide. Elder joined as Senior Vice President of Sales in in March 2017.
Prior to joining Riverbed, Elder was President at Intel Security, and was responsible for go-to-market and operations for 100 countries, and led Intel Security to become the #1 security vendor in  Before that, Elder spent three years at Intellectual Ventures as Executive Vice President of Global Licensing of intellectual property and invention rights. He has more than 25 years of industry experience, including 13 years at Cisco in many roles, such as the Vice President of Global Sales for the Sports and Entertainment division.
Dan Smoot is Chief Customer Officer for Technology. He is responsible for focusing on customer success, and oversees all of global support and renewals, professional services, education, customer success management and Riverbed’s vertical solutions. He focuses on the customer lifecycle strategy in order to drive long-term partnerships with both customers and channel to deliver exceptional experiences and services.
He joins from Salesforce where he was most recently Executive Vice President of Global Partner Sales and managed the worldwide partner sales organization. Before Salesforce, he was Senior Vice President of Global Customer Operations at VMware, and has spent more than 10 years in a variety of senior leadership roles at Cisco.
Smoot holds a in Environmental Science from the University of California, Irvine.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Find documents, videos and webinars here. Find the resource you're interested in by filtering by language, resource type, product, solution and application. 
Cloud and On-premises Management
5 Cloud Trends: How They Will Impact Network Monitoring
Shape your cloud monitoring goals and organizational strategies in 2019.
How to Ensure Cloud-Native App Performance
Prepare for the Future of in 2019
The Dynamic Duo of Cloud Network Performance Management
Join and industry analyst Edwin Yuen of for a lively discussion about, packet and flow-based cloud monitoring, network performance best practices for hybrid cloud environments, including a detailed demo of the new capabilities in SteelCentral.
Successful Network Transformation with SteelHead SD
SteelHead delivers advanced and integrated SD-functionality with market-leading optimization, critical for network transformation as companies evolve and grow their physical and digital presences.
delivers an in-depth technical discussion and demo on how we are applying analytics to a vast, treasure trove of big data to revolutionize APM
Join Riverbed, Aetna and guest speaker for a discussion and demonstration on how we are revolutionizing application performance management (APM) for the digital era with a focus on the end-user experience.
Four Factors for Evaluating SD-Vendors
With so many vendors, each offering different SD-features and functions, how do find the solutions that's right for your organization? Evaluate the right solution for your enterprise based on four key criteria.
Fast-track your DevOps monitoring strategy by exploring best practices. Gain tips for monitoring, collecting, and analyzing the right metrics.
Meet Service Desk KPI's and continuously improve customer satisfaction and efficiency with real-time visibility into end-user experience.
Managing Wi-Fi from the Cloud: The Pros and Cons
Build networks that can keep up with the rapid pace of change, and maintain performance under stress
What's the True of SD-vs MPLS?
Measure SD-of SteelConnect and SD-vs traditional Learn results from study.
                                    is involved in various events around the globe. See all webinars here.
Michelin rolls out apps 30% faster. Hilton Grand Vacations processes contracts in a minute that used to take 30. Northwest Pipe slashed $1 million off upgrade costs. Over 30,000 customers like these use solutions to improve business performance.
SteelConnect SD-lets OpenEye quickly expand its network while connecting team members to its cloud-based pharmaceutical design platform in minutes, compared to months required previously. SteelConnect also provides the scalability needed to expand Saaofferings.
OpenEye Scientific is a privately held company headquartered in Santa Fe, NM, with offices in Boston, Cologne, and Tokyo. It was founded in 1997 to develop large-scale molecular modeling applications and toolkits that are primarily used for pharmaceutical discovery and design, reducing time to market for new pharmaceuticals.
Rubber meets the road with end-to-end application visibility
gives Michelin end-to-end application and network visibility. With SteelCentral solutions, Michelin can now quickly resolve all types of faults to reduce risk of disruption to the business. As a result, the company has reduced application rollout time by 30% and better targets spending for improved return on investment.
Accelerating contract process for better customer experience
Hilton Grand Vacations Club owns and operates over 3,700 timeshare vacation ownership resorts for more than 100,000 members globally. With branch offices around the world sending large amounts of data to headquarters in Orlando, the company turned to to improve application performance, and efficiently manage and troubleshoot network and application performance from a central location.
is a global leader in power and automation technologies, with about 30,000 people in North America alone. When key applications don’t work it can cost the company as much as $1 million per day. uses to track key web-application performance metrics, analyze web-application behavior, and detect problems early.
Fast apps for the world’s leading commercial real estate company
has more than 230 corporate offices and a global workforce of 58,000 providing services in 80 countries for a property portfolio of 3.4 billion square feet.  JLL’s network is going hybrid as the company moves apps and services to the cloud and replaces its network with dual high-speed Internet links at each office for more bandwidth at a better price. “Even with 100 mbps connections, without SteelHead, people would be screaming about poor application performance,” says Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, for  “Delivering business-critical apps over the Internet saves us millions without sacrificing performance. makes it possible,” says Edward Wagoner, Chief Information Officer, Americas, for JLL.
Joe Ryan, Chief Officer, Americas, JLL
Schneider Electric is a global specialist in energy management, with networks connecting 110,000 people and 1,000 remote sites in 100 countries with four data centers.
Tecan, a leader in advanced automation and detection solutions for life science laboratories, has 1,200 employees at its Swiss HQ, R&and production sites in North America and Europe, and a 52-country sales-and-service network. sprawl of remote servers, storage, and apps has expanded across these sites with little standardization and data security.  “We wanted a single point solution rather than the cumbersome and complex multi-point situation we had been using,” says Marc Ehinger, Tecan’s Head of Global Infrastructure. “We were looking for much more flexibility and to centralize as much as possible in our data center in Zurich. Our goal is for to be a fluid resource that we can flex and assign as we need.”
Carilion Clinic is a non-profit providing health care to nearly one million patients in southwest Virginia. Core apps centralized in Roanoke support radiological services, electronic medical records, etc. To ensure the needed performance for patient care, Carilion had originally purchased OC3 network circuits. “An OC3 to one hospital was costing us $12,000 per month,” says Ed Eades, a Network Engineer. “When we put it down to a DS3, it costs about $4,000 per month and that’s just one site."  Carilion did a proof-of-concept with SteelHead, and are now seeing in the neighborhood of 10 to 15 times the throughput. replication that took nearly 24 hours now took less than four.
CenterPoint Properties acquires, develops, and manages industrial property and transportation infrastructure, with a portfolio of 50.5 million sq.ft. and 5,500 acres. The company decided to transition its environment to the public cloud, starting with Microsoft Office 365 for email and office apps, Microsoft OneDrive for Business, and Microsoft Azure.  CenterPoint deployed SteelHead Saato accelerate the delivery of its cloud and Saaapplications and deliver superior application performance for customers.
Beverly Maestas, of Operations, CenterPoint Properties
Application Performance Platform accelerates Office 365 and other application performance and delivers network visibility for a successful consolidation at Sub-Zero
Sub-Zero Group, Inc. is the leading manufacturer of luxury appliances, including the Sub-Zero line of refrigerators and freezers and the Wolf line of cooking products. The third-generation, family-owned company recently celebrated its 70th anniversary. It is based in Madison, Wis. where it was originally founded.
Eric Niebuhr, supervisor and network engineer, Sub-Zero Group, Inc.
needed a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of 50 new sites.
When global professional services company merged with North American engineering consultancy Conestoga-Rovers and Associates (CRA), it added more than 3,000 employees in 100 offices, including 50 small sites. They needed a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of those new sites onto the company’s network. SteelConnect has helped achieve this, fueling stronger collaboration amongst its project teams spread across the globe, business agility and cost savings of an anticipated 1 million a year.
Application, network and end user performance monitoring sets a solid foundation for Maersk Line’s digitalization strategy
Maersk Line, part of the Maersk Group and the world’s largest container shipping operator, is using SteelCentral to monitor business-critical applications and services and provide the ability to troubleshoot performance bottlenecks across the company. The five-year contract with will support Maersk Line’s strategy to become the digital leader within the shipping sector.
“We simply don’t have as close of a relationship with other vendors as we do with Riverbed,” says Gerry Holmes, Director of Information Technology, Canadian Cancer Society. “The Customer Network is a big part of the reason why we’ve been able to maintain that connection.”
The forum for users
Get connected with user communities for advice, ideas, tips, special information on upcoming products, and answers to your toughest technical questions.
Beta test the latest before it’s released
Be the first to try the hottest new technologies, and evaluate them in your environment.
Cloud and On-premises Management
3.02(East Wing) Menara BRDB, 285 Jalan Maarof Bukit
Cloud and On-premises Management
The Authorized Support Partner (RASP) Program
The Authorized Support Partner (RASP) Program
The Authorized Support Partner program enables our valued partners to deliver partner-branded support on products to meet their customer’s critical business needs. The program is designed to expand Riverbed’s support coverage while delivering the following benefits to our support partners and customers:
Be recognized and differentiated
Access to for Level 3 and 4 support services
Continuous measurement and management of partner service quality by Want to Learn More?
Contact us to inquire about the program or to obtain a list of authorized support providers.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Community Has Always Been One of Riverbed's Core Values
We believe in doing everything we can to change people's lives, both through our innovative solutions and our volunteer work outside the office. 
(Employees Assisting Communities and Helping Out) connects employees across departments through the power of giving back. employees take turns volunteering at nonprofit organizations focused on everything from anti-poverty efforts to natural disaster relief to community development. 
The program originated in our San Francisco headquarters. Since then, it has expanded to include our offices around the globe. It's part of Riverbed's to invest in the community. We strive to be a positive force through volunteer programs and financial contributions, with a focus on supporting charitable organizations that help those underserved in our communities. 
Learn more about OUT'impact on the community in this video.
                            Events like not only make a world of difference to charities like ours when it comes to serving neighbors in need, but also help to inspire other companies to become good role models in their communities. 
California Native Garden Foundation | Cambridge Women's Center | Food Bank for New York City |
Food Share - Ventura County | Golden Gate National Parks Consrevancy |
Habitat for Humanity - Bangalore | Habitat for Humanity - Cluj | Habitat for Humanity Restore - Nashua | 
Manna Food Center | On The Rise, Inc. | Our City Forest | Red Cross | Resource Area for Teaching | 
Sacred Heart | Salvation Army | SF-Marin Food Bank | Second Harvest Food Bank |
Shop and Stock with Families in West Harlem | St. Michael's School | Toys for Tots - Singapore |
Explore a Partnership with Become a Rise Partner
works closely with industry-leading resellers, distributors, service providers, and integrators to develop partnerships that create new revenue opportunities.
Northwest Territories / Territoires du Nord-Ouest
Cloud and On-premises Management
enables organizations to modernize their networks and applications with industry-leading SD-WAN, application acceleration, and visibility solutions. Riverbed’s platform allows enterprises to transform application and cloud performance into a competitive advantage by maximizing employee productivity and leveraging to create new forms of operational agility. At more than $1 billion in annual revenue, Riverbed’s 28,000+ customers include 97% of the Fortune 100 and 98% of the Forbes Global 100.
leverages a channel ecosystem of nearly 3,000 channel partners, including service providers, systems integrators, resale, and distributors. Rise is our unique partner program, with a focus on partner performance and capability.
Rise is built around a simple premise: you know best what your business and your customers need—and therefore you need a simple and flexible program that enables you to adapt as quickly as possible to a rapidly changing marketplace, all the while maintaining or increasing your profitability.
Rise is built around three simple elements:
 are strategic priorities identified by that are tied to the accumulation of specific Rise Dividends. As Rise Partners achieve results in these areas, they accumulate Dividends.
 are Riverbed-awarded value tied to results in Achievement Areas, and worth a specific monetary value. Dividends earned in a quarter will be allocated as rewards after each quarter ends.
 are the two areas in which partners can spend the Dividends they have earned: Cash Rebates to improve profitability, and Business Investment Fund to build their business via Business Development and/or Training.
In addition to these specific elements, Partners have access to the full range of additional benefits to drive sales, including Marketing Development Funds, Not For Resale equipment and software, an Embedded Services and Solutions track, Training, Marketing Support—and much more.
Rise: New Partner Program for a New World
Rise includes value propositions for Riverbed’s value-added resellers and Distributors. Together we work to meet our joint customers’ needs by leveraging value-add services and solutions.
Value-added distribution partners offer a wide range of services to their partners. These can include product delivery, training & enablement, support and marketing tools that drive resale partner success with their customers. 
service providers’ are highly skilled and serve as the trusted advisor for some of the world’s leading multinational corporations. They provide regional and global expertise for organizations of all shapes and sizes helping their customers to save time, money, and resources resulting in quicker and lower TCO.
Systems Integrators partner with to offer customers best-of-breed solutions that provide rapid on increased application acceleration, consolidation, and network and application visibility. Services built on range from network assessments, health checks, and installation and configuration to ongoing management of customers’ environments. 
Cloud and On-premises Management
Cloud and On-premises Management
is involved in various events around the globe. Find the event you're interested in by filtering for event type, location, associated product and language.  
Join us @ re:Invent Booth #2729 as we showcase our unified and integrated digital performance platform.
Experience the retail digital transformation! Visit us @ Booth 4359 to learn more about Riverbed's retail solutions for an improved customer shopping experience.
Read the latest news articles about Technology. Refine the page by filtering by year and language.
At last week’s Disrupt customer event, laid out a software-defined strategy that combines the network and application worlds into a seamless, powerful reinvention of how networking meets the increasingly dynamic needs of the business.
has extended the reach of its application performance management (APM) platform into the realm of containers by adding support for Kubernetes and the Red Hat OpenShift platform that is based on Kubernetes. The latest release of SteelCentral also adds support for the Cloud Foundry platform-as-a-service (PaaS) environment.
Enterprises and digital service providers in India urgently need an agile and flexible network to support the country’s new digital economy which is gravitating towards Cloud- and the Internet of Things (IoT)-based technologies, says a top executive of San Francisco-headquartered company Technology.
has introduced an version of SteelCentral AppResponse, providing companies with the ability to troubleshoot performance problems in applications running on the infrastructure-as-a-service provider.
Application performance management (APM) is evolving beyond monitoring just the health and performance of an application and expanding to include the network.
Learn why has become the first network services provider to offer Riverbed’s SteelCentral Visibility solution ‘as a service’ to enterprises globally.
this week announced that its SteelFusion edge now supports Microsoft’s Hyper-virtualization. Additionally, announced that its SD-SteelConnect now integrates with Microsoft’s Azure Virtual WAN.
Performance optimisation vendor has partnered with Microsoft on a new range of SD-and cloud edge infrastructure offerings. The company revealed integrations between its SteelConnect SD-solution and Microsoft’s Azure Virtual WAN, as well as making its SteelFusion offering available to Microsoft Hyper-customers.
adds support for Microsoft’s Hyper-hypervisor, and their newly announced Microsoft Azure Virtual WAN.
Let’s face it. We live in a world where today’s consumers are more fickle than ever and instant gratification is the norm. Whether it’s an online shopping website that recommends a new product that can easily be purchased with a simple click, a banking application that notifies you of fraud in real-time, or a video streaming service that allows you to binge watch your favorite programs, having an optimal digital experience — no matter the industry — is a critical competitive differentiator and is now a requirement for sustained success.
Digital and the delivery of digital services has become business critical. We see this across every industry, and in a new survey conducted with 1,000 global business leaders, almost all were in agreement that implementing a digital strategy, maximizing its performance and doing it sooner, rather than later, is critical to their future success.
As companies bet their futures on their digital transformation initiatives, the stakes have gone way up.  Delivering a great end user experience is imperative, and ensuring security has become more critical than ever  - and increasingly become a ‘team sport’.  Security is top of mind for every network manager today.
With all of the talk these days about machine learning, artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things, one might forget that humans are still the most important piece of the future puzzle.
This morning, like so many, began my work day by leaving the house, opening Waze, a real-traffic app, planning my commute to the office. As was walking in, checked my calendar on my phone.
In my industry, we talk a lot about digital transformations. Companies of all sizes and across all industries are beginning to recognize that a new approach to – a complete shift, really – is creating new opportunities to reset competitive advantage, stimulate sales growth, improve customer retention and increase employee productivity.
Digital transformation is happening, and it’s happening in a big way. By 2021, expects that at least 50% of global will be digitized1 . To propel these digital initiatives forward, enterprises will invest an estimated $2.1 trillion in cloud, mobile, IoT, and other next-generation technologies over the next few years alone2.
Networks within an enterprise tend to start off their lives as fairly simple structures, but over time they grow in size, scope and overall complexity. In fact, today, most large network and application infrastructures are incredibly complex and sprawl across the globe, making it ever harder for overworked information (IT) teams to pinpoint and troubleshoot issues when they arise with traditional approaches.
The frontline of digital transformation is the edge—remote sites where the majority of employees work. These locations come in all shapes and sizes, including retail stores, regional sales offices, customer service centers, banks, manufacturing plants, warehouses—even government buildings and military installations.
Today, we are all on a digital journey, and a strong foundation is essential in maximizing digital performance that transforms businesses, industries and the user experience.
It’s March Madness time again! The NCAA.com recently announced that it would expand March Madness Live, offering fans multiple ways to engage with live coverage for all 67 games with availability across 16 platforms - the most in the tournament's history -, while also introducing continuous live streaming coverage throughout the first round.
It’s March Madness time again! The NCAA.com recently announced that it would expand March Madness Live, offering fans multiple ways to engage with live coverage for all 67 games with availability across 16 platforms - the most in the tournament's history -, while also introducing continuous live streaming coverage throughout the first round.
Today is strengthening their SteelConnect SD-and cloud networking solution. They are announcing support for the direct connectivity offerings of the and Azure clouds – Direct Connect and Azure ExpressRoute.
SD-now includes support for private connections to Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure. Other enhancements include support for the Xirrus WLAN.
Updates SD-to Serve Businesses From Cloud to Network Edge
released updates to its software-defined wide area networking (SD-WAN) product, SteelConnect, to create a networking product that spans from the cloud to the edge. The updates include integrations with Xirrus WiFi, wireless uplinks to add connectivity options, and added support for Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure.
Riverbed's Milind Bhise shares tips for how businesses should build a strong cloud foundation, embrace software-defined networking and have a clear strategy in place.
big transformation like moving to SD-WAN, needs maximum visibility into your SD-networks to ensure things are unfolding as they should. Sushil Suvarna, Product Manager, discusses how to validate policies, troubleshoot and plan for changes with SteelCentral Insights.
Frank Lyonnet, Deputy CTO, discusses the cloud-first tipping point and how to overcome your technological and organizational challenges.
at Technology, Hansang Bae, shares the company’s vision and strategy in the cloud networking space.
integrated its software-defined wide-area networking (SD-WAN) product, SteelConnect, with Zscaler’s cloud security platform. The joint product identifies and steers traffic to the Zscaler Security Cloud. Zscaler has more than 100 data centers worldwide. The joint SD-and security product chooses the optimal Zscaler data center to use for each site in the SteelConnect network to provide businesses with cloud-based security across remote business locations.
The new version of SteelCentral provides an end-to-end view of the user experience, monitoring applications, network traffic, devices and infrastructure from one console.
releases upgrades to SteelCentral to enable customers to apply network performance metrics to their SD-connections. Also, adds Zscaler security.
Riverbed’s Bangalore R&facility is driving global innovation efforts and advancing the development of SteelHead, in the areas of mobile, Saas and cloud.
Legacy infrastructures are holding back cloud and digital strategies of organisations in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region, according to Riverbed's Future of Networking Global Survey 2017.
The SteelFusion Azure-Ready edge is Riverbed’s first virtualization offering outside the VMware architecture.
Riverbed’s latest addition to its software-defined edge platform stretches Microsoft Azure cloud storage to the edge of the network.
The vast majority of decision makers will have begun to eliminate their legacy networking infrastructure in favour of adopting a software-defined networking (SDN) model by 2021, suggesting that the is fast approaching a tipping point, according to a study conducted for software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN) specialist Riverbed.
new global survey by Technology, which includes responses from 1,000 decision makers across nine countries, revealed an incredible level of agreement that legacy infrastructures are holding back their cloud and digital strategies.
There is a bit of black magic -- or fuzziness -- to Wi-Fi technology. For example, few people know how fast their Wi-Fi connection is at any given moment.
The greater capacity that 5-Ghz offers may soon be a necessity in our world of ubiquitous Wi-Fi connectivity.
touted that the acquisition, which it expects to close by the end of the month, will expand its software-defined solution, and integrate Xirrus’ robust Wi-Fi products into the broader ecosystem.
The networking market continues to consolidate as said it will acquire wireless specialist Xirrus in a move to boost Riverbed's software-defined and cloud capabilities.
Recently Commissioned to Conduct a Survey to Assess the Maturity of Organizations with Respect to Performance Management and Create a Data-driven Segmentation Model to Correlate Maturity to Other Organizational Behaviors and outcomes.
Partnership will see SD-paired with a Hybrid approach to enable an agile and secure networking experience.
Orange Business Services has been using Technologies to help manage cloud applications for its enterprise customers and for optimization. Now, Orange is also working with for its software-defined wide area networking (SD-WAN) service.
The March Network Madness Survey Finds 81% of Companies Plan to More Closely Monitor Network During Tournament to Maximize Performance of Business Critical Apps (Fast Facts)
The March Network Madness Survey Finds 81% of Companies Plan to More Closely Monitor Network During Tournament to Maximize Performance of Business Critical Apps (Infographic)
adds support to SteelFusion to broaden the reach of the remote office storage appliance, which already supports and object storage.
fills in what they state was the only void in their SteelFusion edge product, and expect this will open up new opportunities and continue the product line’s momentum.
jumps into Network-as-a-Service market with new platform that melds the DevOps approach of agile development with and SDN.
Xirrus, the provider of next generation, cloud-enabled Wi-Fi networks, has announced that Metropolis has installed a Xirrus Wi-Fi network throughout St. Pancras International Station.
Performance monitoring company today launched its Service Provider Delivery platform as its first product within its newly-created service provider business unit.
SD-install fuels stronger global collaboration, business agility and reduces global telecom costs by 75 per cent
Riverbed, a company known for its optimization technology, intends to distinguish itself in the hot SD-market by combining those two capabilities into a single product, which it is announcing today.
Xirrus, the leading provider of next generation, cloud-enabled Wi-Fi networks, today introduced an cloud-managed Wi-Fi solution and enhancements to Xirrus CommandCenter.
As federal networks have grown more complicated, certain apps, such as collaboration tools, have seen their operations suffer, according to a survey conducted by Technology.
Application performance optimizer has joined with Verizon Enterprise Solutions to produce a new Amazon Web Services Direct Connect Bundle networking package for hybrid cloud deployments.
Milind Bhise, Sr. Director of Product Marketing at Riverbed, explores the shift in networking to a software-defined approach.
We recognize today that the 2.4-GHz spectrum is reaching its limits for Wi-Fi networking, and as such many organizations are beginning to move toward the 5-GHz band.
Jerry Kennelly strode into the SF-Marin Food Bank Monday afternoon with dozens of employees from Technology, a San Francisco software company, in tow.
Milind Bhise, Sr. Director of Product Marketing at Riverbed, explores how SD-is gaining traction, as networking shifts to the cloud era.
This tool will repair common computer errors, protect you from file loss, malware, hardware failure and optimize your for maximum performance.
One vendor that has been extremely aggressive in getting to the Holy Grail has been Riverbed. It has acquired several companies over the years, including Mazu, Opnet and most recently Aternity.
At the company's Disrupt event, officials unveiled new and enhanced products that make branch networks easier to deploy and manage.
The SD-refresh means companies can swap out existing routers
has been aggressively rebuilding its portfolio to better align with SD-WAN, and its recent announcements show it has come roaring back.
upgrades set sights on the SD-edge, cloud integration
At Riverbed’s Disrupt event in New York’s upscale Conrad Hotel today, the company announced new products designed to help customers move their enterprise network more fully into the cloud arena.
Xirrus, provider of next generation, cloud-enabled Wi-Fi networks, has launched the new Xirrus Positioning System (XPS) service, integrated within the Xirrus Management System (XMS).
Technologies today said it will ramp up its R&function in India and add over 140 engineers in the next 2-3 years, as it looks to cash in on the rich talent pool in the country.
Companies are struggling to support remote office and branch office (ROBO) IT, with specific challenges around delays in provisioning and outage recovery, and backup management. That’s according to a survey of attendees at the World event in Las Vegas.
In a landscape dotted with multiple point solutions and suites offering a single dashboard views of organization’s infrastructure, is updating its SteelCentral platform.
upgrades SteelCentral with support for public cloud, containers and Skype for Business.
baked several new features into the latest version of its SteelCentral application performance and network management suite, designed to help manage networking components and applications that live in the cloud and unified communications systems – as well as making the whole thing a little more intuitive.
introduced a new SD-that the company is aiming at enterprises that are interested in integrating both the and into a single management point.
New technologies aim to offer more personalized and easy-to-use access
SteelConnect solution helps organizations manage the network as a single entity—from the to the cloud.
The company wants to push beyond other SD-products by enabling the orchestration of application delivery across WANs, remote LANs and the cloud.
Today, Technology, one of the leading optimization vendors, is throwing its hat into the SD-ring with SteelConnect. Leveraging the acquired by purchasing Ocedo earlier this year, SteelConnect orchestrates application delivery across hybrid WANs, remote Local Area Networks (LANs), and cloud networks.
Students and teachers can now use their Google credentials to log on to a school’s wireless network, thanks to a new offering from WiFi provider Xirrus.
Few executives get a better inside look at a company than the Technology’s John Theler uses what he sees from the finance department to encourage his counterparts across the entire organization
Few executives get a better inside look at a company than the Technology’s John Theler uses what he sees from the finance department to encourage his counterparts across the entire organization
In this video, Africa's Tumisho Grater spoke to Jerry Kennelly, Co-Founder of Technology, about the current trends of global companies going private as well as some of their challenges.
This week released version 4.3 of SteelFusion that extends the hyper-converged solution to the cloud with support for Amazon Web Services through Azure through Microsoft StorSimple and through Storage Gateway.
this week announced its hyper-converged SteelFusion solution now supports both Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure so customers can leverage the cloud as a secondary storage tier.
has added support for Amazon Web Services (AWS) and Microsoft Azure to SteelFusion, the company’s hyper-converged edge solution.
Today announced that its hyper-converged edge solution, SteelFusion, now supports Amazon Web Services (AWS) support through Storage Gateway and Azure support through Microsoft StorSimple.
Making SteelFusion a hybrid cloud solution should significantly expand partner opportunities, including the ability to sell it as a managed service.
Xirrus has announced Xirrus Positioning System (XPS), integrated within the Xirrus Management System (XMS), which provides organisations with real-time visibility into the location of Wi-Fi clients both associated and unassociated to the network.
In addition to CommandCenter, which greatly simplifies the provisioning of new customers, Xirrus is also announcing enhancements to their program to improve benefits.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Simplify cloud networking, optimize app performance and improve visibility end-to-end with solutions.
Unified management and performance across cloud networks
Leveraging the Cloud can increase agility and reduce operational expenditures. But, your ability to get the most out of these benefits is often dependent on your networking capabilities. Riverbed, a proven leader in the market, provides a software-defined (SD-WAN) solution that extends agility and performance to your network and helps securely and efficiently connect users to the resources they need.
SteelConnect comes with an intuitive, centralized management console, which accelerates the pace of network management and shifts organizational focus to innovation.
: Simple workflows with intelligent automation reduce turnaround time. Setting up a cloud instance takes minutes in and establishing a secure, high-performance mesh network takes another few minutes with Riverbed.
: The ability to seamlessly leverage hybrid WANs to connect the user to the cloud improves network efficiency. Simple management increases overall efficiency.
Unlock cloud agility in just a few clicks with and AWS:
SteelHead accelerates and optimizes Iaaworkloads and Saaapplications
Built for public cloud environments, SteelHead for Cloud extends Riverbed’s #1 optimization solution for hybrid enterprises to Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) clouds. SteelHead speeds migration to the public cloud and accelerates access for users from virtually any location. SteelHead for Cloud delivers the best end user experience across hybrid networks by optimizing application performance for cloud and Software-as-aService (SaaS) applications. The solution helps ensure you can meet application performance SLAs for users no matter where they are located, regardless of network latency and enterprise bandwidth limitations.
Adopting the cloud can mean a loss of control and uncertainty. Building new apps of migrating existing ones can have unpredictable outcomes. With AppInternals bundled in, gets the end-to-end visibility that they need, into their cloud servers to improve performance and user experience. The cloud is no longer a black hole.
provides full-stack application, network and infrastructure visibility and diagnosis across the hybrid cloud, along with insights on the resulting end-user experience. With this capability, DevOps teams can see the effect of code, SQL, network or system changes within minutes, and isolate root cause for quick troubleshooting and resolution.
Protect and Consolidate Remote Data in AWS
By integrating with AWS, SteelFusion provides customers the flexibility to store their data in an on premise datacenter and in the cloud.
SteelFusion, when used in conjunction with an Storage Gateway and Amazon cloud storage, delivers unparalleled data availability, flexibility and protection for branch infrastructure, while simultaneously reducing data center storage requirements and improving data availability and recoverability by leveraging cheap, elastic cloud storage delivered via Amazon cloud storage services .By using an Storage Gateway with SteelFusion, businesses can begin the transition to a storage-less data center, where all storage is served by the cloud on demand, through SteelFusion, to applications and users.
Solution Guide: SteelFusion with Amazon Storage Gateway
"SteelConnect enables us to be far more agile, which is really good for our growing business." 
"With SteelConnect, we now have the ability to very quickly build and deploy a global network in a matter of hours." 
Plan, build and optimize with more speed and fewer risks
Cloud Networks Made Simple with on AWS
Seamless cloud connectivity with SD-WAN.
SimplePay Group selects as its software-defined networking partner to scale its business globally
Intelligent and simplified SD-approach to designing, deploying and managing distributed networks for today’s cloud-centric world. 
Learn about solutions that help you simplify cloud networking and optimize application performance.
Solve Cloud Network and Branch LAN/Challenges with SD-WAN.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Collaborating to Drive Innovation and Integration 
For Our Customers
partners with the world’s leading companies to provide our joint customers integrated and validated solutions that drive application and business performance. We work with our trusted partners to create joint solutions that deploy quickly, work together seamlessly, and accelerate your critical applications and business services.
For Our Alliance Partners
Partnering with and joining the Riverbed-Ready Alliance program gives our partners access to a vibrant ecosystem of over 28,000 customers and thousands of resellers. By working together, we can innovate and integrate our products to provide bigger and better solutions for our joint customers while driving our business deeper into existing markets and creating entirely new market opportunities.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Read what our customers say about Riverbed. Find what you're interested in by filtering by industry, product, solution and more. 
Cloud and On-premises Management
Cloud and On-premises Management
The briefing experience designed around meeting your expectations
For over 15 years, the Executive Briefing Program has enabled companies around the world to embrace their digital transformation strategies and push the boundaries on what is possible.  We invite you to join over 30,000 of the world’s trusted brands to explore, connect, and help your business reach new heights.
with our executives and subject matter experts and see live demos tailored for your unique business challenges
your organization for the digital era and prepare to reach new levels of performance and gain a competitive edge
Come to us or we’ll come to you!
If you are ready to get a taste of San Francisco, our state-of-the-art conference rooms are the perfect setting for your executive briefing experience. 
Can’t make it out to visit us? We’ll take the show on the road and bring our subject matter experts and executives to you!
The briefing experience is designed around meeting your expectations
Here's what our customers are saying after the experience
Our customers feel an executive briefing strengthened their relationship with 80%
Many discovered new solutions that are valuable to their company during the EBC
The majority of customers feel more confident about investing in the Digital Performance Platform after attending
Contact us for more info or find out how to buy. We’re here to help you get ahead.
Cloud and On-premises Management
is an Azure-Certified and Gold Cloud Platform Competency partner who, together with Microsoft, are meeting customer's business needs and driving their success.
Riverbed’s complete Application Performance offering for the Microsoft Cloud – SteelConnect, SteelHead, SteelCentral AppInternals, and SteelFusion – help drive Azure and Office 365 connectivity, visibility, optimization, & control. They represent the perfect combination of cloud deployed optimization, automated orchestration of secure connectivity, single pane-of-glass visibility into business-critical apps, and the streamlining of remote branches.
Networking for the Cloud Era
Optimizing Office 365 with Learn more with the Office 365 Chalk Talk
Application Performance for the Microsoft Cloud
better app performance for Office 365
Extend the same application acceleration and user and business benefits to cloud services.
Results of a study conducted by Microsoft on the effectiveness of using SteelHead optimization with Azure Site Recovery.
Business-critical applications are at the heart of your organization. Enterprises are migrating to the cloud every day and need their apps to perform optimally regardless of their deployment. The industry’s #1 optimization solution, SteelHead, available on Microsoft Azure, ensures that your apps perform at their best no matter where they sit. When integrated into your hybrid environment, SteelHead keeps the ideas flowing, assembly lines moving and revenue growing 24/7.
Saaapplications, like Microsoft Office 365, can also be constrained by network latency and limited bandwidth when services and applications are delivered to users around the world, typically over the public Internet. Riverbed’s capabilities and benefits span across both the private and the Internet. SteelHead Saaoffers secure optimization of Saaapplications for a global workforce – accommodating user, client and application mobility.
Get SteelHead in the Azure Marketplace
Adopting the cloud can mean a loss of control and uncertainty. Building new apps of migrating existing ones can have unpredictable outcomes. With AppInternals bundled in, gets the end-to-end visibility that they need, into their cloud servers to improve performance and user experience. The cloud is no longer a black hole.
AppInternals monitors applications in the cloud, on-premise or in a combination of both, and presents performance insights and analytics on a single interactive view. It helps existing, on-premises Microsoft customers retain the control and visibility they enjoy on-premises, within Azure. Users can inspect user experience, trace transactions, measure system resources and perform analytics to expose, diagnose and fix bottlenecks.
Get SteelCentral AppInternals in the Azure Marketplace
In a hybrid enterprise environment, flexibility is the name of the game. SteelFusion by provides unparalleled flexibility by integrating with StorSimple through Microsoft Azure, giving you the agility to store (and share) your data wherever it makes the most business sense. Whether you want to augment your on-prem data center with cloud, seamlessly move data from to cloud, or project public cloud storage from to branches, you have the redundancy, availability and security to truly virtualize your operations, data and apps in remote locations. 
SteelFusion seamlessly weaves together computing, storage, virtualization and optimization in one simple appliance. Consolidate remote IT, project VMs and data to any satellite branch, deploy (and recover) branches in a flash and eliminate the need for branch backups and multiple datacenters. SteelFusion truly represents “Zero Branch IT.” 
Ensuring Network and Application Performance for Microsoft Azure
Cloud and On-premises Management
Deliver Superior Digital Experiences to All Your Users, Across All Your Applications and Devices
Eliminate blind spots with end-to-end visibility
End users, apps, networks, and infrastructure are more distributed than ever before. And that means it is harder than ever before to manage the performance of applications and the user experience. Point monitoring tools are of limited use as they provide insight into only one area.
Riverbed’s digital experience management solution unifies user experience, application, infrastructure, and network visibility to monitor and proactively improve performance. Whether you are a cloud architect, operations expert, or application owner, provides the data and the insights to help you do your job more effectively than ever before.
  Gain a complete view of the digital experience
You need a clear understanding of how digital services are performing and impacting the business. This includes capturing the perspective that matters most: your end users’. Riverbed’s solution collects detailed performance analytics across all devices, apps, networks, and infrastructure for a holistic view of the digital experience of your customers, employees, partners, and suppliers.
These metrics are then blended and correlated to provide role-specific insights for all your stakeholders, revealing adoption patterns and impacts on revenue, productivity, and user satisfaction.
Performance problems can pop up anywhere across the software development lifecycle and complex application delivery chains. But with powerful analytics spanning all domains, you can proactively identify and resolve problems before they negatively impact end users and the business.
Unified views of performance enhance cross-team collaboration when troubleshooting issues, leading to faster mean time to repair and freeing your teams to focus on optimizing digital service delivery.
Pinpointing opportunities for developing new or improved features is critical for customer satisfaction and retention. provides business-relevant insights to help you prioritize development efforts and ensure new releases continue to meet user and business requirements.
And by integrating performance monitoring into your DevOps tool chain, teams can move faster without sacrificing quality by detecting and resolving code-level bugs, predicting service behavior in various environments, and ensuring new releases are optimized for production.
We have insights into the performance of our applications that we never had before. This is incredibly valuable, because it can improve our users’ productivity, and remove problems for customers in branches that can directly impact revenue.
Terence Thomas, Monitoring Specialist, Travis Perkins plc
needed a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of 50 new sites. 
When global professional services company merged with North American engineering consultancy Conestoga-Rovers and Associates (CRA), it added more than 3,000 employees in 100 offices, including 50 small sites. They needed a simple, cost-effective solution to enable the rapid deployment of those new sites onto the company’s network. SteelConnect has helped achieve this, fueling stronger collaboration amongst its project teams spread across the globe, business agility and cost savings of an anticipated 1 million a year. 
We did a really thorough assessment of the space, and SteelConnect just ticked all the boxes - a very low, almost zero-touch deployment, easy to stand up, low levels of ongoing maintenance and support and cost savings.
Baker Donelson gets insight into actual end user experience for every app, every device, and every user
SteelCentral Aternity helps Baker Donelson proactively identify and resolve issues on apps and devices to ensure an excellent end user experience for the firms lawyers.
SteelCentral Aternity is the only product on the market that will give you that insight, that deep dive into the actual experience the user is having every day across your organization.
Application, network and end user performance monitoring sets a solid foundation for Maersk Line’s digitalization strategy
Maersk Line, part of the Maersk Group and the world’s largest container shipping operator, is using SteelCentral to monitor business-critical applications and services and provide the ability to troubleshoot performance bottlenecks across the company. The five-year contract with will support Maersk Line’s strategy to become the digital leader within the shipping sector.
SteelCentral gives us a circle of development that helps us to be responsive, pushes us to be proactive, positions us to be predictive, which then allows us to be pre-emptive. This is a result of having one solution that provides us with a complete view across networks, applications and end users. This will also be a strong backbone for the digital initiatives of other brands in Maersk Group whom we in support.
Southeastern Grocers supports over 750 grocery stores throughout 7 southeastern states
Southeastern Grocers LLC, parent company and home of BI-LO, Harveys and Winn-Dixie grocery stores, is the fifth-largest conventional supermarket chain in the and the second-largest conventional supermarket in the southeast based on store count.
The company employs nearly 66,000 associates who serve customers in 739​ grocery stores, 148 liquor stores and 372 in-store pharmacies throughout the seven southeastern states of Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, and South Carolina.
AppInternals & AppResponse helped us get the visibility we needed to tackle all our performance issues with our mobile application.
Drive Transformation with Digital Experience Management
Monitor the actual end-user experience of any app running on any device.
Single source of truth for digital service management, with integrated views to monitor, report, and resolve issues.
Contact us for more info or find out how to buy. We’re here to help you get ahead.
Cloud and On-premises Management
Riverbed-Ready Alliance program creates and nurtures a vibrant ecosystem of partner solutions
is the leader in Application Performance Infrastructure. We deliver the most complete platform for the hybrid enterprise to ensure applications perform as expected, data is always available when needed, and performance issues can be proactively detected and resolved before impacting business performance. Joining the Riverbed-Ready Alliance program will give you the ability to integrate with and innovate on top of Riverbed’s Application Performance Platform to drive value-added solutions for Riverbed’s 28,000+ customers. Additionally, our joint solutions will be promoted to Riverbed’s direct sales organization and channel partners, creating new market opportunities. Our partners will also gain access to Riverbed's global install base, including API's and more.
The Riverbed-Ready program offers three levels of membership with increasing benefits and expectations associated with each level.
The Silver level membership is for companies that desire to co-market their products with solutions.  Silver Members gain access to marketing and technical resources and enjoy visibility and awareness to speed opportunity creation.
The Gold level of membership targets providers offering solutions in markets strategic to Riverbed. Members approved to join at this level work with to identify synergies and target specific use cases and market segments for an integrated solution. We may work with Gold Members to complete product integration and testing and the execution of marketing and go-to-market programs. These Members may have access to APIs and scripts.
This strategic membership level seeks to build long-term product synergies and implement joint marketing and go-to-market programs aimed at achieving significant revenue growth. Platinum Members may work closely with to complete extensive integrated solution testing and share designated alliance and technical resources. These Members may have access to APIs and scripts.
See how partnering with can help get your products to new customers.
Riverbed-Ready™ is our alliance program that creates and nurtures a vibrant ecosystem of partner solutions.
Hybrid cloud environments are the new normal, yet teams are struggling to get the same level of network visibility in the cloud as they have on prem. Without the ability to see network traffic between the enterprise and the cloud, and across cloud instances, network teams are blind to key parts of their application delivery infrastructure and can’t validate performance or plan strategically.
Enter the dynamic duo of packet and flow-based cloud monitoring.
Join and industry analyst Edwin Yuen of for a lively discussion about network performance best practices for hybrid cloud environments, including a detailed demo of the new capabilities in SteelCentral. 
Combine packet and flow approaches for more effective troubleshooting
Improve cloud network visibility and vendor management 
would like to receive communications from Riverbed. understand that can unsubscribe at any time.
will use any personal data you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
