Transforming What does transforming mean? It means helping to resolve some of the controversial issues related to the use of as we advance our commercial objectives. We can meet society’s expectations for how a should operate while growing our businesses. Company, like each of American Inc.’s other operating companies, will play a leadership role in the industry in transforming tobacco.
At we emphasize finding innovative ways to operate within the framework of a principled approach to product development, manufacturing, marketing and selling. We offer a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.
Smoking kills, on average, 1,200 Americans. Every day.
More people die every year from smoking than from murder, AIDS, suicide, drugs, car crashes, and alcohol, combined.
Smoking also causes reduced fertility, low birth weight in newborns, and cancer of the cervix.
Addictiveness of Smoking and Nicotine
Smoking is highly addictive. Nicotine is the addictive drug in tobacco.
Cigarette companies intentionally designed cigarettes with enough nicotine to create and sustain addiction.
It's not easy to quit.
When you smoke, the nicotine actually changes the brain – that's why quitting is so hard.
Lack of Significant Health Benefit from Smoking "Low Tar," "Light," "Ultra Light," Mild," and "Natural" Cigarettes
Many smokers switch to low tar and light cigarettes rather than quitting because they think low tar and light cigarettes are less harmful. They are not.
"Low tar" and "light" cigarette smokers inhale essentially the same amount of tar and nicotine as they would from regular cigarettes.
All cigarettes cause cancer, lung disease, heart attacks, and premature death – lights, low tar, ultra lights, and naturals. There is no safe cigarette.
Manipulation of Cigarette Design and Composition to Ensure Optimum Nicotine Delivery
Cigarette companies control the impact and delivery of nicotine in many ways, including designing filters and selecting cigarette paper to maximize the ingestion of nicotine, adding ammonia to make the cigarette taste less harsh, and controlling the physical and chemical make-up of the blend.
When you smoke, the nicotine actually changes the brain – that's why quitting is so hard.
Adverse Health Effects of Exposure to Secondhand Smoke
Secondhand smoke causes lung cancer and coronary heart disease in adults who do not smoke.
Children exposed to secondhand smoke are at an increased risk for sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), acute respiratory infections, ear problems, severe asthma, and reduced lung function.
There is no safe level of exposure to secondhand smoke.
