Built Up Roofing (BUR)
Built Up Roofing (BUR)
GlasGrid system extends pavement life by up to 300%!
manufactures products using a varity of technology platforms to create innovative...
insect screen is now Gold certified and ortho-phthalate free for a safer...
Focused on the construction and industrial markets, offers solutions based on a complete range of textile and coating technologies using fiberglass yarns and synthetic...
The new FibaTape Dustless Wall Repair Kit includes everything you need for a completely dustless repair for a safer environment. The kit includes: dustless sanding sponge, dustless joint compound, compound spreader, 4...
FibaFuse on Display at Live New England Booth
recently exhibited at the Live New England show in Providence, RI.  The booth highlighted the FibaFuse line of paperless drywall tape and wall repair fabric which is a fan favorite year after...
Subscribe to our Newsletters
Built Up Roofing (BUR)
Built Up Roofing (BUR)
Focused on the construction and industrial markets, offers solutions based on a complete range of textile and coating technologies using fiberglass yarns and synthetic fibers.  is the 
, offering the most adapted solutions to meet your needs.  
We are the recognized and respected leader in 
 thanks to the knowledge and expertise built over the past 50 years, which we're harnessing to propel us into new markets.  aims to be the global leader offering a 
 of technical textiles across a variety of markets.  
benefits from a unique position; strong expertise in 
 with our Vetrotex business coupled with our extended knowledge in 
 allows us to offer a wide range of technical textiles to meet customer requirements. 
 Learn more about all of our Technical Capabilities in our section. 
is a global company doing business in 65 countries with 
is our common culture for manufacturing.  It aims at continuous improvement through the identification and eradication of losses, attacking root causes, and implementing conditions to prevent losses by involving all employees.  
We're focused on building the brand in the minds of our customers and potential customers by holding true to our 
.  is the reference for 
means that ADFORS' products are easy to deal with, comply with customer expectations, and improve the quality of their solutions.
means delivers on time and in full, according to customer's demands, with fast and efficient communication to them.
 means understands customer's processes, and helps them solve their problems.  aims at delivering more value and making customers more profitable. 
 means is fast in developing new solutions, and strives to be the first one bringing them to market. 
  group, the world's largest building materials company.  has been creating and delivering innovative and high performance solutions to enhance habitat and daily life for over 350 years.  
The group has developed the MULTI
 program to support its mission: creating new solutions to help us all live more sustainably, and more comfortably. Visit 
Subscribe to our Newsletters
