Ceramic Materials Division regroups Saint-Gobain’s businesses specialized in ceramic-based solutions for industrial clients.  Our product range spans from advanced ceramic grains and powders, to specialty refractories and ceramic systems.  We offer “Material Solutions That Make a Difference”, in the sense that our ceramic products and services are mission-critical to our customers’ own applications.  At the heart of industry, we pride ourselves in serving segment-leading customers across the world, through long-term, trust-based relationships. 
it’s a matter of Trust
Our ceramic experience is derived from a centuries-old industrial tradition inherited from and from acquired entities such as Norton, Carbordundum, SEPR, Bicron, Harshaw, Desmarquest, Corhart, Stettner.  
Our customers typically value our support over time through the experience our committed professionals strive to offer.
Innovation in conjunction with our customers (
for each customer
One of our characteristics is to be vertically integrated from grains and powders synthesis to ceramic shaping and finishing, which allows us to develop from end-to-end our unique solutions customized to satisfy our customers’ most stringent requirements.  Browse below for more information.
Thermal Spray powders
Silicon Carbide sinterable powders
Boron Nitride powders
Catalytic carriers and process Crystals
Scintillating crystals and sensors for radiation detection
Lumilog Gasubstrates
Ceramic components and systems
Structural Boron nitride components
Sapphire components and transparent armor
Solid oxide fuel cells
Quartz components, fibers and textile solutions
Specialty Refractories
Refractory solutions for the glass-making industry
Refractories for metallurgy
Refractories for energy and other applications
Recycling solutions
Abrasive grains and grinding media
Specialty abrasive grits
Slurries and coolants
Thermal spray powders
Flame and plasma spray equipment
Sputtering targets 
In addition to our product families above, view the six related departments which make up Ceramic Materials.  Click below to visit our departments and websites.
Silicon Carbide grains and powders are used in all types of applications and a broad spectrum of markets.  Additionally, the Quartz offer provides Quartz fibers and crucibles with emphasis on Aerospace, Railroads, Solar and Air Purification.
Specialty Grains and Powders
Specialty Grains and Powders
Materials and solutions in the form of ceramic beads, coatings, grains and powders  (non-SiC), slurries and chemicals
NorPro's offer in ceramic proppants, ceramic catalytic carriers and support media are tailed to solutions for Oil and Gas and Petrochemical applications
Sefpro is a trusted refractory solutions provider for the glass-making industry and with the Valoref business and commitment to the and sustainability delivers a refractory waste management system valued by many glass industry.  
Performance Refractories
Performance Refractories
Performance Refractories deliver refractory solutions for metallurgy and other non-glass applications, and structural ceramic systems for various industrial applications.
Crystals focus on radiation detection, x-ray monochromators,  garnet substraits and synthetic sapphire optimize the unique properties of materials — purity, optical, thermal, scintillation, crystallographic — through advanced industrial processing.
Our 700 marketing, sales and supply chain professionals travel the world to understand your needs, propose the right solution and serve as an interface with the rest of our organization, with the goal to provide you the best possible experience.
Our 4000 production people in our 63 manufacturing sites are taking care of all aspects of manufacturing, including safety environment, on-time delivery, cost and quality, in a customer-centric mindset. Global excellence standards are deployed across all sites so that every customer in the world gets the best of what we can offer globally.
Our scientists and R&technicians are experts in ceramic engineering, leveraging our material platforms and core technologies to develop innovative solutions addressing the clients evolving needs.
Our global administrative staff ensure that stakeholders, including customers, employees, shareholders, and local communities are properly served. From financial controlling to human resources, and from communications to general management, our administrators build something larger than just a collection of plants.
Sales and Marketing
 Marketing and Sales Director
“My commitment is to ensure that customer needs are understood and their expectations met. passionately serve as an Ambassador, bringing the best solutions of to my global clients.”
“Global competition has forced us to continuously improve and adapt. We have to stay on the top. I’m proud to be in a world-class manufacturing network.”
“Developing new ceramic materials is an exciting challenge, as we need to understand the complexities of how they are made and used. key part of our R&work is to meet with customers to better understand their needs, which then allows us to quickly develop products that deliver better performance. I’m proud to say what work on helps our customers to do their jobs better and more easily.”
Suresh,
“Our operations are growing rapidly in India. have to make sure that nothing falls through the cracks and that our local entity becomes a world-class export base with nothing to envy from more mature sites in Europe.”
About designs, manufactures and distributes materials and solutions which are key ingredients in the wellbeing of each of us and the future of all. They can be found everywhere in our living places and our daily life: in buildings, transportation, infrastructure and in so many industrial applications.
63 manufacturing locations in 15 countries
Over 1200 m€ in sales
Over 7000 employees globally
Over 7000 employees globally
No, give me more info
