Is Big Data the Key to Tailor-Made Health Solutions?
Thriving Women, Thriving Communities
Calling All Start-ups Working to Improve Women’s Health with Technology
Smart Machines Driving the Fourth Industrial Revolution
The Fourth Industrial Revolution
at Usine Extraordinaire
Best of Women’s Forum 2018
Women's Forum 2018: Promoting the Voice of Women, a Challenge for Tomorrow!
Dengvaxia® vaccine approved for prevention of dengue in Europe
The European Commission has granted marketing authorization for Dengvaxia®, Sanofi’s dengue vaccine
Behind our Instagram stories
Developing a New Treatment for Sleeping Sickness
We, at Sanofi, are there beside people in need, as a health journey partner
Healthcare solutions
Life is a health journey with its ups and downs, and its challenges. These can be big or small, lifelong or momentary.
Everyone, from children to elder people can be facing health challenges and needs, wherever they are.
Every day, Sanofi’s 100,000 employees are committed to improve the lives of people around the world, with sustainable and responsible solutions and initiatives.
is the number of countries in which our healthcare solutions are available
is the number of countries in which we are located
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.In addition, the Company’s corporate governance principles refer to the AFEP-Code, which lays out recommendations concerning notably effective governance and rules regarding compensation of executive directors, control and transparency.
Since January 1, 2007, has separated the functions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer and considers that this governance structure is appropriate to our current configuration.
The Board of Directors
The Company is managed by a Board of Directors comprising 16 members, two of whom represent employees.
The Chairman of the Board represents the Board of Directors. He organizes and directs the Board’s work and is accountable for this to the shareholders’ general meeting. He is also responsible for ensuring that the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ general meeting chaired by him operate properly.
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Since 2009, Serge Weinberg has been a Director of and was appointed Chairman of the Board in May 2010. He was interim between October 29, 2014 and April 1, 2015.
The Board of Directors set up advisory committees tasked with providing specialist input to assist the Board in its decision-making process. Their members are chosen by the Board among its members, based on their experience.
There are five specialized committees:
The Executive Committee meets twice a month and is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer.
The Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the management of the Company, and represents it in dealing with third-parties within the limits of its corporate purpose. He enjoys the broadest powers to act on behalf of the company in all circumstances, subject to the authority attributed by law to the Board of Directors and to the Shareholders’ General Meeting and within the limits set by the Board of Directors.
Olivier Brandicourt
Chief Executive Officer
Olivier Brandicourt has 28 years of global experience in the pharmaceutical industry. He joined  as Chief Executive Officer in April 2015 after serving as Chief Executive Officer of Bayer Healthcare AG.
Celebrating our Scientists, the Inventors of Tomorrow’s Healthcare Solutions
Revolutionizing How We Make Medicine Since 1908
Biologic Medicines Target Disease Solutions
Are You Joining the Movember Conversation?
Smart Machines Driving the Fourth Industrial Revolution 
The Fourth Industrial Revolution
Women@- Sandra Silvestri
Discover the Winners of This Year’s - Institut Pasteur Awards
2018-11-19
An Ironman’s Fight against Parkinson’s
World Diabetes Day - My Daily Life With Diabetes
Women's Forum 2018: Promoting the Voice of Women, a Challenge for Tomorrow!
Finding Inner Beauty After Breast Cancer
Women@– Kathleen Tregoning
Rebuilding Your Life After Breast Cancer - Stéphanie
With a Polio-Free World in Sight, New Challenges Begin
at the Heart of the Women’s Forum, Singapore
Reducing the Unpredictable Risks of the Predictable Flu Season
Understanding: the Key to Mental Health
How Women in Science Contribute to a More Inclusive World
Standing Up to Cancer
Breast Cancer in Men
Breakthroughs in Breast Cancer Research
Take My Hand in Ukraine
"Living is aging, nothing more" - Simone de Beauvoir
World Heart Day, Is Committed!
“My Heart, Your Heart”, Who’s Looking After Yours?
and Regeneron Mark First Ever Atopic Dermatitis Day
“The Journey Has Only Begun”
Takes its Place at the Women’s Forum in Singapore
Living a Normal Life Thanks to Diabetes Management
Where are we Today with Cancer?
Innovation Awards: the Power of Collaboration to Move Medicines Forward
Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare, Created by Humans to do no Harm
Stress and Sleep Issues Impact Workers Worldwide
Minor Ailments Have a Major Impact on Our Personal Lives
Falsified Medicines: a Criminal Activity that Endangers the Life of Patients
Factory of the Future
Showcasing the Expertise and Talent of Sanofi’s Scientists
How Technology is Changing how we Manage Chronic Conditions
Fighting the Rise of Non-Communicable Diseases in Africa
The Rise and Rise of Chronic Diseases in Africa
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes
Rare Disease, Real Threat: Tackling Cold Agglutinin Disease
Is Technology the Answer to a Good Night’s Sleep?
Flu Vaccine: a Race against the Clock
Multiple Sclerosis: #Bringing us Closer
Breaking the Constipation Taboo
Joins Africa’s Digital Healthcare Revolution
Data Privacy and Healthcare – it’s Everyone’s Concern
“Technology enables us to democratize healthcare”
Malaria: Children at the Heart of Prevention Strategy
#Protected Together
What is Meningitis?
Students Take a Stand against Meningitis 
Responding to Meningococcal Outbreaks across the World
Taking Control of Your Allergies
Climate Change and Human Health: Everyone’s Concern
Our Passion for Science – Women in R&Share Their Stories
World Health Day: Everyone, Everywhere Has a Right to Healthcare
Cholesterol, a Daily Struggle against an Invisible Disease
Blockchain Technology: The Next Digital Platform in Healthcare
World Tuberculosis Day: Tuberculosis, a Disease of the Past?
Switch Off for a Better Night’s Sleep
Lives Saved for the Sake of a Few Degrees
International Women’s Day: Women’s Health Worldwide, Could Do Better
Rare Disease Day: When Patients Become Part of the Solution
Diabetes Continues to Grow as a Serious Global Health Care Challenge
Apps and Action in the Fight against Antimicrobial Resistance
International Childhood Cancer Day: Give Them All the Same Chance for Recovery
OKSanofi, Synthélabo, Hoechst, Rhône-Poulenc Rorer led to the creation of Sanofi. These companies have accumulated over a century of experience in health, with a core concern of innovation to meet the evolution of society and the needs of patients.
Today, the Company and its 100,000 employees are dedicated to make a difference on patients’ daily life, wherever they live and enable them to enjoy a healthier life.
with its ups and downs, and its challenges. These can be big or small, lifelong or temporary. Everyone, from children to elderly people, face health challenges and needs, wherever they are.
We at Sanofi, are there beside people in need, as a health journey partner. Many patients are depending on us. We aim to protect, enable and support people facing health challenges, so they can live life to its full potential.
“Life is a health journey, with big and small moments. Fighting pain, and diseases, whether lifelong or temporary. That's the fight against which we, the thousands of women and men of Sanofi, gather all our forces.”
Olivier Brandicourt, Chief Executive Officer, Preventing malaria
Does not include Emerging Markets Sales
Including established Rx products & generics
Including Emerging Markets Sales for & Speciality Care
Rest of the World : Japan, South Korea, Canada, Australia & New Zealand
As of February 2018
We believe that empowering individuals, the community and healthcare professionals to promote and practice self-care, will lead to people all over the world being healthier. Our self-care solutions cover cough and cold, allergies, digestive health, nutritionals and pain care.
With the development of more sedentary lifestyles, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases have become global public health issues. As a journey partner, our purpose is to help people with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases improve their quality of life.
We have a strong heritage in oncology and are committed to finding new pathways to treat people affected by the disease and improve their quality of life. We, at Sanofi, believe that open innovation will help develop new approaches and expertise to discover targeted treatments against cancer.
At Sanofi, we are exploring new ways to support people affected by immune diseases and make a difference in their lives. We are committed to improving their quality of life.
At Sanofi, we are committed to being partner of the multiple sclerosis community and have been working for over a decade on the development of treatments for multiple sclerosis. We continue to focus our research efforts in areas such as early-stage research programs that focus on preventing and repairing the damage to the nervous system caused by multiple sclerosis.
The rarity and complexity of patients’ medical conditions can make a rare disease difficult to diagnose and treat, leaving patients feeling isolated. At Sanofi, we are committed to empowering the lives of people with rare diseases and continue to focus on being transformative in rare diseases.
As a health journey partner, we, at Sanofi, are proud that our vaccines can help to protect us and our loved ones from a wide range of severe infectious diseases, at every stage of life.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Global Business Development & Licensing is a key component of our strategy. In order to bring life-changing treatments to unmet healthcare challenges, we always will pursue innovation. We continuously seek innovative collaborations to build alliances that create value for global health.
Accelerate the development of ideas and assets
Our organization is made up of many talented individuals with varied skills and experiences. Most importantly, everyone has a deep commitment to make one of the best pharmaceutical companies in the industry. We all want to bring important healthcare solutions to people in need, all over the world. This is core to what we do and think about.
Collaborations are, for us, one of the crucial elements of success. We are committed to sharing our skills and projects with the best professionals and companies in each of our areas of interest, wherever they are. We have signed agreements with partners around the world, strengthening our network of innovation excellence to deliver great quality products.
With our established industrial network and technical expertise, we can help you in your quest to convert innovative concepts into industrial realities.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.2015: a new strategic roadmap to respond to market challenges
number of fundamental trends point to a positive outlook for the pharmaceutical industry.
The global population is growing and aging. Unmet medical needs remain high.
The industry has increased R&productivity, and has returned to consistently launching a high number of innovative medicines.
Patients around the world, and a rising middle class in emerging markets, are demanding better care, empowered by access to new information.
It is a particularly exciting time scientifically and technologically, with the promise of genomics being realized, immuno-oncology transforming cancer treatments, big data generating new insights into disease, and digital technologies helping to transform care delivery.
At the same time, funding challenges, budget tightening and affordability will continue to put the entire Healthcare value chain under significant pressure. Even though we believe that the pharmaceutical portion will remain a fundamentally attractive business, the bar for innovation will most likely continue to rise.
Innovation must have demonstrable benefit to the system. Payers will continue to put scrutiny on prices and reimbursement and will demand demonstration of real life outcomes, coupled with more innovative pricing and contracting practices.
Biosimilars are now firmly part of the competitive landscape in both the and Europe. More focused competitors are building leadership positions in their priority therapy areas.
To compete and win in this market, we are implementing our 2020 strategic roadmap, announced in November 2015. We have made significant progress against each of the four pillars of that strategy in 2017: reshape the portfolio, deliver outstanding launches, sustain innovation in R&D, and simplify the organization.
To reshape the portfolio, we segmented our businesses focusing on three targets:
Sustain our leadership in Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases, Vaccines, Rare Diseases and Emerging Markets
Build competitive positions in Multiple Sclerosis, Oncology, Immunology and Consumer Healthcare
Explore strategic options for Animal Health and European Generics: fully exited the Animal Health business in 2017 and announced the implementation of a divestiture process of the Generics business in Europe (following completion of the dialogue with social partners).
Creating a new franchise dedicated to rare blood disorders
With the acquisition of Bioverativ, global leader on the hemophilia market, and the planned acquisition of Ablynx, a biopharmaceutical company specialized in Nanobodies®, should expand its presence in specialty care and set up a platform that should ensure its growth in rare blood disorders.
Sanofi’s second strategic priority is to deliver outstanding launches of new medicines and vaccines. We have focused the organization on six major product launches: Toujeo®, Praluent®, Dengvaxia®, Soliqua™ 100/33 / Suliqua™, Kevzara®, and Dupixent®.
In 2017 launched Dupixent®, the first and only biologic medicine for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis. Dupixent® uptake to date is being driven by high patient need, healthcare professional engagement and initial market access. Also in 2017, launched Kevzara® for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis.
Continued innovation in R&is at the heart of Sanofi’s strategy. We are committed to responding to patients’ needs through the provision of adapted solutions which improve well-being and prolong life.
has continuously adapted its R&model in recent years to enhance its development excellence, which has had the effect of significantly improving the productivity of its portfolio.
Sanofi's portfolio has been rebalanced and reoriented towards biologics, especially through our collaboration with Regeneron for monoclonal antibodies. At the same time, our teams have worked internally to develop our own proprietary platforms, such as multi-specific antibodies which will allow the design of drugs with a mechanism of action making it possible to reach several targets at once.
Sustain innovation
hosted an analyst meeting to discuss Sanofi’s R&strategy and development pipeline on December 13, 2017 in Paris, France. The company highlighted the progress it has made against “Sustaining Innovation”, and advancing a differentiated portfolio addressing unmet needs.
Establishing a more agile organization through a cost reduction program
Uniting the different parts of the company behind a single vision, a common set of values and a shared culture
Composition of the Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors, appointed by the shareholders, is composed of 16 members, two of whom are employee representatives. 11 directors are independent. Members of our Board of Directors are appointed for a maximum term of four years; reappointment of Directors is done on a rotation basis.
The Board of Directors defines the strategic business guidelines and directions of the Company, and supervises their implementation. Subject to the powers expressly attributed to the Shareholders’ General Meeting, and within the scope of the company’s corporate purpose, the Board of Directors’ powers cover all issues relating to the proper management of the company and through its decisions the Board determines all matters falling within its authority.
Further information in our Board Charter
Each year, the Board of Directors conducts a review to ensure that there is an appropriate balance in its composition. In particular, the Board seeks to ensure gender balance and a broad diversity of backgrounds and countries of origin, international experience, reflecting Sanofi’s status as a diversified global business. 
As of May 2017, women represent 43% of members. 6 Directors are non-French.
Above all, the Board seeks directors who show independence of mind and who are competent, dedicated and committed.
Independence of board members
Under the terms of the AFEP-corporate governance code of listed corporations, a Director is independent when he or she has no relation of any kind whatsoever with the company, its group or its management that may interfere with his or her freedom of judgement.
As of May 2017, 79% of members are independent.
Composition of the Board of Directors
To view all our images in high resolution, 
As of May 2017, the Board of Directors comprises the following members:
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Director’s term ends: 2019
Olivier Brandicourt
Chief Executive Officer
Director’s term ends: 2022
Laurent Attal
Director’s term ends: 2020
Claudie Haigneré*
Director’s term ends: 2020
Director’s term ends: 2021
Director’s term ends: 2021
Director’s term ends: 2019
Director’s term ends: 2022
Director’s term ends: 2020
Director’s term ends: 2020
Director’s term ends: 2020
Directors representing employees
Director’s term ends: 2021
Christian Senectaire
Director’s term ends: 2021
First appointed
Senority
Serge Weinberg, Chairman of the Board
Olivier Brandicourt, Chief Executive Officer
Laurent Attal
Claudie Haigneré
Christian Senectaire
(b) Director representing employees
OKCancer, rising to the challenge
Life is a health journey and we, at Sanofi, are committed to finding therapeutic solutions for the millions of people who are or will be concerned by cancer. The number of cancer cases is expected to grow dramatically over the next two decades.
As a health journey partner, we, at Sanofi, are rising to the challenge. We are committed to fighting cancer through early detection and treatments, including pain relief and palliative care. Genzyme, our global specialty care business unit, has innovative treatments under development and is exploring innovative pathways to fight cancer.
Whereas healthy cells divide in the body in an organized way, cancer is caused by the erratic division and growth of cells in the body. Cancer can start in any part of the body and spread to other parts.
Cancer is not one single disease and the World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that there are more than 100 different kinds of cancer, each with specific treatment needs.
As a health journey partner, we are strongly engaged in the fight against cancer and we are committed to provide patients, including those of emerging markets1, with healthcare solutions. We have a strong presence in prostate cancer and have several late stage research programs in areas such as multiple myeloma and cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma.
Exploring new pathways through open innovation
We, at Sanofi, believe that open innovation will help develop new approaches and expertise to discover targeted treatments against cancer.
As a health journey partner, we partner with academic research teams, biotech companies and specialized cancer centers, to foster innovation in cancer treatments.
Some of our current collaborations with Warp Drive Bio, Evotec, Apeiron Biologis, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and Innate Pharma, focus on understanding how the immune system itself can be boosted to recognize and eliminate cancer cells – a field known as immuno-oncology.
For more information about our work in oncology, please consult the Genzyme website.
(1) Emerging markets: world excluding U.S., Canada, Western Europe (France, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain, Greece, Cyprus, Malta, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal, the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, Ireland, Finland, Norway, Iceland, Denmark), Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Creating vaccines, protecting life
mere century ago infectious diseases were the main cause of death worldwide, even in the most developed countries.
Today, alongside clean, safe drinking water, immunization is the most successful public health intervention for combating infectious diseases and reducing global mortality rates.
The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates vaccination saves up to three million lives across the globe every year1.
As a health journey partner, we, at Sanofi, are proud that our vaccines can help to protect us and our loved ones from a wide range of severe infectious diseases, at every stage of life. Pasteur, our vaccines global business unit, supply one billion doses to people around the world each year and seek relentlessly to extend the benefits of vaccination to new infectious diseases while improving existing vaccines to enhance health and wellbeing.
Vaccination
Simply put, a vaccine is a biological preparation that improves immunity to a particular disease.
vaccine typically contains an agent that resembles a disease-causing microorganism. The immune response stimulated by a vaccine is vital to ensure that enough antibodies are made and that the body’s natural defenses are able to fight off any infection in the future.
B-roll - Principles of vaccination
Simply put, a vaccine is a biological preparation that improves immunity to a particular disease.
Reducing the burden of influenza
Influenza (the flu) is an acute viral infection that spreads easily from person to person and circulates year-round worldwide. Influenza can lead to severe medical complications, such as pneumonia, and can aggravate underlying medical conditions, including congestive heart failure and diabetes.
The estimates that influenza causes up to 650,000 deaths worldwide every year2.
Vaccination is a vital part of protecting people and communities from the heavy toll that influenza can take. We are the world’s leading supplier of vaccines against influenza and produce approximately 40 percent of influenza vaccines distributed worldwide.
In 2017 alone we provided over 200 million doses of influenza vaccine.
Each year, one in ten individuals will come across influenza on their health journey3
130 million babies need to be protected every year4.  This is an immense challenge. The progress in vaccinology has allowed the introduction of vaccines protecting against several diseases, long-time feared as scourges for communities. These new vaccines have been introduced progressively through combined vaccines for childhood vaccination. All national programs today are relying on combination vaccines.
At Sanofi, we are able to provide, through our various combination vaccines, a simple solution helping saving pain for babies, improving the coverage of national programs and simplifying the logistics of the supply chain. We provide combination vaccines for all parts of the world in-line with the local health standards. This is a continuous effort of innovation which eases the access of children to immunization, allowing them to be protected against some of most severe infectious diseases.
Getting closer to eradicating polio
Polio used to paralyze or kill thousands of children worldwide every year5. Nowadays, thanks to vaccination, we are on the verge of eradicating polio. Find out more on our commitment alongside with international organizations in the fight against polio.
Composition of Executive Committee
: to refocus two global business units. Stefan Oelrich to leave Sanofi. Dieter Weinand appointed Executive Vice President, Primary Care. General Medicines & Emerging Markets becomes China & Emerging Markets
: appoints Jean-Baptiste Chasseloup de Chatillon, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
: appoints Caroline Luscombe Executive Vice President, Human Ressources
The Executive Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer, Olivier Brandicourt, and comprises the following permanent members. It meets at least twice a month.
To view all our images in high resolution, 
Olivier Brandicourt
Chief Executive Officer
Executive Vice President, Business Transformation 
Executive Vice President, General Medicines and Emerging Markets
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Executive Vice President, Legal Affairs and General Counsel
Executive Vice President, Pasteur
Executive Vice President, Global Industrial Affairs
Caroline Luscombe
Executive Vice President, Human Resources
Executive Vice President, Consumer Healthcare
Executive Vice President, Strategy & Business Development
Ameet Nathwani, MD
Chief Medical Officer and Executive Vice-President Medical Function
John Reed, MD, PhD
Executive Vice President, Global Head of Research & Development
Executive Vice President, Genzyme
Executive Vice President, External Affairs
Executive Vice President, Primary Care
Fixed income
 Fixed income
Fixed income
End of June 2018: net debt of €21,385 million (gross debt of €28,878 million after derivatives minus €7,493 million cash and cash equivalents)
Net debt is a non measure
Gearing ratio: Debt, net of cash and cash equivalents, to total equity 
Long-term debt
Short-term debt and
Cash and cash
Debt, net of cash and
Credit ratings assess the credit worthiness of the Company and its ability to pay its debt.
Marketa Horkova
Gross debt structure at value on redemption as of June 30, 2018
Gross debt by origin and by maturity
Gross debt and cash & cash equivalents by currency at value on redemption after derivative instruments
Public debt programs as of June 30, 2018
Shelf Registered program:
Negotiable European Commercial 
Program - June 2018
Commercial Papers: $10 billion
Bonds as of June 30, 2018
Oct. 11, 2019
0,500%
June 19, 2018
June 19, 2023
June 19, 2018
June 19, 2028
Bonds Issued by Other Subsidiaries of the Company
Genzyme Corp.
June 15, 2020
OKAs a health journey partner and with a presence in more than 100 countries and more than 100,000 employees, we are committed to making a difference in our communities and we contribute to local and global socio and economic footprint.
Build long term relationship with our communities
In 2016 launched the Stakeholder Committee. It aims to discuss the key topics impacting and work with stakeholders on concrete action.
This committee is made up of around forty people representing the Company’s different external stakeholders (NGOs, patients’ associations, official bodies, healthcare professionals, researchers, business and finance professionals, trade unions, the media).
Working groups focus on four priority subjects: access to healthcare, the price of innovation, Sanofi’s approach to R&and its socio-economic footprint in the geographies where it does business.
Participating in initiatives in the areas of education or employability for new job-seekers
Biogenius Canada aims to challenge high school students to carry out ground-breaking research projects in the field of biotechnology. More than 5000 students participated in this program since the launch.
Enfants de For younger generations, is very keen to help employees’ children who face health or education difficulties. ,the association “Enfants de Sanofi” has been actively involved in this goal for 25 years.
Season of Solidarity
The Season of Solidarity, organized through the foundations, is an annual international event dedicated to volunteering, giving employees an opportunity to meet NGOs and organize solidarity activities for their benefit.
Supporting local social and economic development
The company’s socio-economic impact goes beyond the direct economic impacts generated by the company’s activities. It extends to a variety of business sectors, households and public institutions worldwide.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Life is a health journey and we, at Sanofi, hope to make a difference in the lives of people affected by immune disorders by developing innovative therapies. Immune disorders are diseases or conditions caused by a dysfunction of the immune system and include allergy, asthma and autoimmune diseases.
As a health journey partner, we are dedicated to bringing new options to patients with an unmet need. In collaboration with Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, our current therapies for atopic dermatitis and rheumatoid arthritis are approved in the United States, Canada and Europe and we are seeking approvals in a number of other countries globally.
Current research conducted by Genzyme, our global specialty care business unit, includes investigational treatments for asthma, nasal polyps, and eosinophilic esophagitis, each of which represent an area of significant need including those in emerging markets (1).
Moderate-to-Severe Atopic Dermatitis
Atopic dermatitis (AD), a form of eczema, is a chronic inflammatory disease with symptoms often appearing as a rash on the skin. Moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis is characterized by rashes often covering much of the body, and can include intense, persistent itching and skin dryness, cracking, redness, crusting, and oozing. Itch is one of the most burdensome symptoms for patients and can be debilitating.  In addition, patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis experience a substantial burden of disease, including skin lesions, intense pruritus, and an impact on quality of life, such as sleep and symptoms of anxiety and depression.
Rheumatoid arthritis
Rheumatoid arthritis – commonly known as – is a chronic and debilitating autoimmune disease that primarily affects the joints, connective tissues, muscle, tendons, and fibrous tissue, causing pain, deformity and disability. There are more than 150 rheumatic conditions, with being one of the most common.
Although is typically thought of as a joint disease, the effects of can go beyond the joints. Living with can interfere with everyday life, and simple tasks can become difficult or take longer to complete. The symptoms of can also lead to stress or anxiety.
For more information about our work in Immunology, please consult the Genzyme website.
(1) Emerging markets: world excluding U.S., Canada, Western Europe (France, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain, Greece, Cyprus, Malta, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal, the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, Ireland, Finland, Norway, Iceland, Denmark), Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.Empowering the lives of patients with rare diseases
Life is a health journey for patients affected by rare diseases. The rarity and complexity of these conditions can make them difficult to diagnose and treat. This can take both a physical and emotional toll on patients and their families.
Our global specialty care business unit, Genzyme, has been a pioneer in rare diseases for more than 35 years by developing enzyme replacement therapies for the treatment of lysosomal storage disorders.
We continue to focus on being transformative in rare diseases: developing therapies, supporting research and offering innovative solutions that have the potential to offer meaningful change to those impacted by rare diseases. Our commitment to provide patients, including those in emerging markets (1), with healthcare solutions goes beyond product to offering services and support that complement our therapies. This includes:
Sponsoring registry programs for Gaucher disease, Fabry disease, and Pompe disease to collect real-world data in order to advance the medical understanding of these diseases.
Improving the diagnosis of rare diseases through physician education, awareness programs and support for testing and screening initiatives.
Working with patient organizations worldwide to advocate for and address the needs of patients with rare diseases.
Supporting a global humanitarian program to facilitate access to treatment for patients who have a demonstrated medical need in circumstances where treatment access is limited.
Pushing boundaries through biotechnology
Our expertise in the development of therapies for rare diseases that can be progressive, severely debilitating and life-threatening started with lysosomal storage disorders including Gaucher, Fabry, and Pompe diseases. This is still an important focus for us and we have also expanded our focus to include related conditions where high unmet medical need exists.
Some of our current development programs include an investigational second-generation therapy for Pompe disease, an investigational enzyme replacement therapy for Acid Sphingomyelinase Deficiency (ASMD) and an investigational oral therapy for Fabry disease, Gaucher disease type 3 and a genetic form of Parkinson’s disease.
Through our alliance with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, we are working collaboratively to accelerate the advancement of RNAi (Ribonucleic Acid Interference) therapeutics as a potential new class of innovative medicines for patients around the world with rare genetic diseases. Currently, our alliance with Alnylam is focused in two main areas: hereditary amyloidosis with polyneuropathy and hemophilia and B.
To find out more on our work on rare diseases, please visit Genzyme  website.
(1) Emerging markets: world excluding U.S., Canada, Western Europe (France, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain, Greece, Cyprus, Malta, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal, the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, Ireland, Finland, Norway, Iceland, Denmark), Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand
Compensations of Executive Directors
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 6, 2018
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 3, 2017
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 3, 2016
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 3, 2015
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 5, 2014
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 5, 2013
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 5, 2012
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 9, 2011
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, February 24, 2011
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, May 17, 2010
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 12, 2010
Details of compensation arrangements for Executive Directors, March 5, 2009
Commitments in favor of Executive Directors
Commitments in favor of Mr. Olivier Brandicourt, February 7, 2017
Commitments in favor of Mr. Olivier Brandicourt, February 19, 2015
Commitments in favor of Mr. Christopher Viehbacher, January 22, 2015
Commitments in favor of Mr. Jean-François Dehecq, May 17, 2010
Commitments in favor of Mr. Christopher Viehbacher, Chief Executive Officer, December 17, 2008
Commitments in favor of Mr. Jean-Francois Dehecq, Chairman of the Board of Directors, February 11, 2008
Information on the removal from office of Mr. Gérard Le Fur and the appointment of Mr. Christopher Viehbacher as Chief Executive Officer
Jean-François Dehecq was appointed Honorary Chairman of on May 17, 2010.
Equity compensation, which is made up of subscription options and performance shares, serves to align employee and shareholder interests and reinforce employees’ ties to the Company. The Board of Directors is responsible for equity compensation under French law. In 2011, the Board of Directors fundamentally reworked its equity compensation policy. To limit the potentially dilutive effects, the Board’s new orientation is to award performance shares for all but a small number of high-level executives who may continue to receive options. Under this new Board policy, no matter who the beneficiary is, all options or performance shares granted will be subject in their entirety to the achievement of multi-year performance criteria, as illustrated by the plans put in place by the Board on March 5, 2014, which are conditioned on two internal criteria based on Business Net Income and Return on Assets, with a third, external criteria (Total Shareholder Return compared to a panel of pharmaceutical companies) applicable to attributions to the Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Directors commits to report to its shareholders on the level of performance achieved under these conditions in Sanofi's annual reports (Document de référence and Form 20-F).
For additional information concerning the equity compensation policies of the Board of Directors, please refer to the following documents:
2018 Performance Shares Plan
Explanation for 2018 Plans
2017 Stock Subscription Option Plan
2017 Performance Shares Plan
Explanation for 2017 Plans
2016 Stock Subscription Option Plan
2016 Performance Shares Plan
Explanation for 2016 Plans
2015 Stock Subscription Option Plan
2015 Performance Shares Plan
Explanation for 2015 Plans
OKThe Financial Reporting Center provides selected financial data since Q1 2012 and generates interactive and exportable tables and charts. It includes net sales, income statements, cash flow statements and balance sheets
New segmentation and new IFRS15 revenue standard
provides 2017 quarterly and full-year sales and earnings based on the new segmentation. This will also reflect the new IFRS15 revenue standard which becomes effective in 2018.
Change in Reporting of the Animal Health Business
Sales and Business net income statements for each quarter of 2015 and the first three quarters of 2016 with Animal Health Business reported on a separate line “Business net income of Animal Health Business”:
From Q1 2016, will report sales of Global Business Units (GBU) - Diabetes & Cardiovascular, General Medicines & Emerging Markets, Genzyme (Specialty Care), Pasteur (Vaccines) and Merial (Animal Health) - and use a new geographic split.
Below are historical sales of GBUs by geographic region and product.
Change in Presentation of Vaxserve
VaxServe sales of non-products are reported on the line Other revenues in the income statement from January 1, 2016. Accordingly, prior period comparative net sales have been reclassified to the line Other revenues.
In order to ensure the comparability of Sanofi’s Global Franchises, Aggregate Company Sales and Aggregate Other Revenues, please find below:
a harmonized framework of operational and support processes, broken down into sub-processes;
an internal control manual, updated and published at the start of every year, which includes mandatory controls applicable to all activities and to all fully consolidated entities, and references to the company policies underpinning those controls;
a financial controls framework designed to assess the effectiveness of the system of internal control relating to the production of financial information, as required for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (404);
a selective annual self-assessment and three-year evaluation process covering the mandatory controls in the internal control manual, with the extent of implementation at activity and country level dependent on how critical each activity and country is to our operations, and how material they are to our consolidated financial statements.
The system of internal control covers all fully consolidated companies and activities, and is systematically deployed in all new entities when they are acquired.
In this report, the description of the system of internal control is aligned on the five components.         defines internal control as a process effected by a company’s Board of Directors, management and staff, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of objectives relating to:
the effectiveness and efficiency of operations;
reliability of reporting, especially of accounting and financial information;
adherence to the applicable laws and regulations.
As a health journey partner, Genzyme our global specialty care business unit have been working for over a decade on the development of treatments for multiple sclerosis and we are committed to provide patients, including those in emerging markets (1), with healthcare solutions. Building on our experience working with small patient populations in rare diseases, we strive to develop relationships with patients and caregivers, healthcare providers and advocacy organizations to better understand the challenges faced by people living with multiple sclerosis.
“We are inspired every day by people living with multiple sclerosis and the people who care for them, and we’re constantly pushing ourselves to transform what it means to receive an diagnosis.”
Bill Sibold, Executive Vice President, Genzyme
Future advancements
currently has two treatment options available to patients. However, we recognize there remain unmet needs for some patients. We continue to focus our Research & Development efforts in areas where we believe we have the potential to help the community. These include early-stage research programs that focus on preventing and repairing the damage to the nervous system caused by MS.
For more information about our work in multiple sclerosis, please consult the Genzyme website.
(1) Emerging markets: world excluding U.S., Canada, Western Europe (France, Germany, UK, Italy, Spain, Greece, Cyprus, Malta, Belgium, Luxembourg, Portugal, the Netherlands, Austria, Switzerland, Sweden, Ireland, Finland, Norway, Iceland, Denmark), Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand
Behind our Instagram stories
Behind our Instagram stories
Behind our Instagram stories
Read the full stories behind our Instagram posts.
Follow on Instagram for all the latest posts
Innovative Partnership Develops Novel Oral Treatment for Sleeping Sickness
Discover the Winners of This Year’s - Institut Pasteur Awards
2018-11-19
Women's Forum 2018: Promoting the Voice of Women, a Challenge for Tomorrow!
Polio-Free World Will Trigger New Challenges
Breakthroughs in Breast Cancer Research
My Heart, Your Heart’, Who’s Looking After Yours
Takes its Place at the Women’s Forum in Singapore
Taking control of your allergies
Give them all the same chance for recovery
Give them all the same chance for recovery
Give them all the same chance for recovery
Falsified Medicines: a Criminal Activity that Endangers the Life of Patients
Falsified Medicines: a Criminal Activity that Endangers the Life of Patients
Falsified Medicines: a Criminal Activity that Endangers the Life of Patients
How Technology is Changing how we Manage Chronic Conditions
How Technology is Changing how we Manage Chronic Conditions
How Technology is Changing how we Manage Chronic Conditions
MALARIA: Children at the heart of prevention strategy
MALARIA: Children at the heart of prevention strategy
MALARIA: Children at the heart of prevention strategy
Stress and sleep issues impact workers worldwide
Minor ailments have a major impact on our personal lives
– Self Care : Be Your Best Patients
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes 
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes 
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes 
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes 
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes 
Scientists Imagine a World Without Diabetes 
Technology to Put You to Sleep
Technology to Put You to Sleep
Technology to Put You to Sleep
OKBetter care through self-care
Self-care can enhance wellbeing, prevent disease, curb illness and restore health.
We believe that empowering individuals, the community and healthcare professionals to promote and practice self-care, will lead to people all over the world being healthier. This, in turn, will contribute significantly to more sustainable healthcare systems.
In the US, 240 million people use over the counter medicines. If treatments were not available, an estimated 60 million of these would not seek medical treatment 1.
Your well-being is our priority
Because your health starts with you, we are committed to providing self-care solutions to allow you to better manage your personal well-being.
As a health journey partner, we leverage the best in science, together with our world-class pharmaceutical quality standards to deliver consumer-driven innovative medicines and products across a number of key categories including allergy, cough & cold, pain, digestive and nutritionals.
Cough and Cold
Colds are one of the most common illnesses experienced by both adults and children. While cough is the most common symptom of a cold, people can experience up to five symptoms during the life cycle of a cold.
Our portfolio in cough & cold addresses the full range of symptoms so people can get back to their lives. Our brands are trusted across the world, and some have been on the market for over 50 years.
In the space of 12 months in the United States, almost 85% of the population will experience a cold 2.
We recognize that allergies can be challenging and symptoms such as itchy eyes, sneezing and a runny nose can be a burden to getting on with everyday life.
We understand allergy sufferers’ needs and have a number of innovative, effective products in our range to respond effectively to each person’s specific allergy needs.
Globally, between 10 and 30% of the population suffer from hay fever and this goes up to over 50% in parts of Africa and in urban areas. 3,4
Digestive Health
The gut is often referred to as the body’s second brain. The digestive system provides energy and fuel for the whole body, so when someone suffers from gastro intestinal disorders, their life can literally be put on hold.
We offer a broad range of digestive solutions that work on relieving heartburn, improving liver performance and indigestion and managing diarrhea and constipation.
Between 22% and 52% of people in major countries suffer from constipation symptoms and 70% of those who frequently suffer experience it at least once a month.
Across the world, 77% of people have used nutritionals in the last 12 months to maintain their general health, provide immune system support or to supplement in areas of vitamin deficiency.
We are committed to providing world-class products and services that help manage energy, stress, sleep and anxiety.
Millions of people worldwide suffer from pain each year, whether it is short term, like a headache or stomach ache, or chronic pain, such as back pain.
As a health journey partner, we aim to empower consumers to live healthier and fuller healthier lives through a full range of holistic pain management solutions.
9 out of 10 people will experience pain at some point
3 World Health Organization. White Book on Allergy 2011-2012 Executive Summary
At its meeting held on December 17, 2008, the Board of Directors examined the AFEP-recommendations dated October 6, 2008 concerning Executive Directors compensation for listed companies. The Board of Directors considers that these recommendations are consistent with the company's corporate governance approach.
Therefore, the Board of Directors decided that will refer to the amended AFEP-code for the preparation of the report of the Chairman of the Board of Directors pursuant to article 225-37 of the French Commercial Code.
Statement on Corporate Governance as Required by Rule 5615(a)(3) of the Stock Market Listing Rules. The following is a brief explanation of the principal ways in which our corporate governance practices may differ from certain corporate governance requirements applicable to corporations.
The Board Charter of the Board of Directors sets out the responsibilities of the Directors, the composition, duties and working procedures of the Board and the Committees, and the roles and powers of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.
is determined to respect the ethical principles governing our activities.
is committed to abiding by the laws and regulations that apply in each country in which we operate.
We adhere to the principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Labor Organization and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). We also support each person’s right to health, as defined in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Through our adherence to the United Nations Global Compact, we support and apply the core principles relating to human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption.
This Code of Ethics defines the Company’s expectations when conducting business. It is provided as a resource to guide employees in dealing with issues they might encounter as part of their daily activities.
“Compliance Helpline” has been implemented to report breaches of the Code.
To know more, please refer to the Code of Ethics:
Recognizing the importance of proper and ethical behavior on the part of its senior executives responsible for public disclosure and financial information, ("the Company") has adopted this Financial Code of Ethics.
Accordingly, it is the Company's policy that each of the Directeur Général1, the Vice-Président Exécutif, Directeur Financier2 and the Directeur Comptable Groupe3 of the Company:
act at all times with integrity, avoiding actual or apparent conflicts of interest in personal and professional relationships;
address any apparent conflict of interest in personal and professional relationships in accordance with the highest ethical standards and promptly disclose to the General Counsel of the Company the nature of any such conflict of interest or any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to such a conflict of interest;
cause the Company to provide, in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Autorité des marchés financiers, and in its other public communications, disclosure that is full, fair, accurate, complete, objective, timely and understandable;
cause the Company to comply with applicable rules and regulations of all French, and other governmental entities and other private and public regulatory agencies to which the Company is subject, including the New York Stock Exchange, Euronext Paris S.A., and any other exchanges on which the Company's securities may be listed;
act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, and without misrepresenting material facts or circumstances;
act objectively, without allowing his/her independent judgment to be subordinated;
respect the confidentiality of Company information, except when authorized or otherwise required to make any disclosure, and avoid the use of any Company information for personal advantage;
share knowledge with others within the Company, to the extent appropriate and consistent with applicable law;
maintain professional skills to improve the Company's communications to its constituents;
promote ethical behavior among employees under his or her supervision;
accept accountability for adherence to this Code of Ethics and promote compliance with this Code by others under his or her supervision, as well as prompt reporting by them of violations to the General Counsel of the Company
and cause the Company to achieve responsible use of and control over all assets and resources of the Company entrusted to him or her.
The Directeur Général, acting on the recommendation of the audit committee shall direct from time to time any other officer performing similar functions to the Directeur Général, the Vice-Président Exécutif, Directeur Financier and the Directeur Comptable Groupe or any other person to adhere to this Code of Ethics. Each officer to whom this Code of Ethics applies will sign an undertaking to comply with this Code of Ethics.
The Audit Committee may revise this Code of Ethics, including by the addition of supplemental undertakings, as it deems appropriate in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
The idea for the global men’s health initiative Movember began in 2003 over a beer when two young men in Australia persuaded 30 friends to grow a mustache in November for charity. The Movember Foundation hasn’t stopped growing since and today there are more than five million ‘Mo Bros’ (or mustache brothers) and ‘Mo Sistas’ committed to making a difference. 
Since 2003, the Movember Foundation has funded more than 1,200 men’s health projects around the world. Movember is now an annual event in 21 countries, funding research in prostate and testicular cancers, while encouraging men to talk more openly about their health in general. 
During the month of Movember - a mix of November and mustaches - men grow mustaches to support the cause and encourage people to raise awareness and funds for projects addressing men’s health issues, including prostate cancer, testicular cancer, mental health, and suicide prevention. The Movember Foundation aims to reduce the number of men dying prematurely by 25% and to halve the number of men dying from prostate cancer by 2030. 
Curious to know if our male colleagues at - sons, fathers, husbands, brothers, partners, friends - were growing mustaches to support Movember and were comfortable talking about their health, we asked them: 
Are you aware of Movember? If not, how aware are you of your health?
Do men discuss health problems or is that off limits? 
Movember is meant to encourage people to talk about cancer and men’s health; are you planning to spark the conversation with your friends and family to help raise awareness? 
Here’s what they told us:
Team SaMOfi, Consumer Healthcare, Australia
Are you aware of Movember? If not, how aware are you of your health?
few of us have been supporting Movember for years, and a few just started this year. All of us want to participate because it’s genuinely a good cause to drive general awareness for a number of men’s health issues. 
Do men discuss health problems or is that off limits? 
It really depends on who is around to talk about it – generally it is only with close friends that we are comfortable with. Overall, we feel that men are getting better at discussing men’s health problems. There seems to be a recognition that it isn’t this ‘taboo subject’ that it once was, and as a generation we seem to be getting better at it. When we think about depression among men and women, while it is becoming more acceptable to talk about it, we still sometimes don’t talk as much as we should, until the problem is serious, or it’s too late. 
Movember is meant to encourage people to talk about cancer and men’s health; are you planning to spark the conversation with your friends and family to help raise awareness? 
As a team, we have sent out an initial email to the business to drive awareness around what we are doing and to invite any other potential participants to join us. We also created t-shirts to wear on casual Fridays which help to spark conversation around the office and prompt donations. We have also all been sharing the team/individual pages on our respective social media accounts to help drive awareness and engagement.
Joshua Ponnudorai, Senior Product Manager, Established Products, Malaysia
Are you aware of Movember? If not, how aware are you of your health?
became aware of Movember in 2010 when was a sales representative. noticed (male) doctors in the urological department suddenly sprouting beards. They then told me about Movember and about Lance Armstrong’s story, which has contributed greatly to the awareness of testicular cancer. 
Do men discuss health problems or is that off limits?
Generally no. Sports, politics and everything else takes precedence. 
Movember is meant to encourage people to talk about cancer and men’s health; are you planning to spark the conversation with your friends and family to help raise awareness?
Yes - think it's important to bring attention to it in an engaging way. The beard certainly does helps spark a conversation. 
Poh Ow Ee, National Sales Manager, Genzyme, Malaysia
When did you become aware of Movember and did something specific happen that made you aware? If you are not aware of Movember, how aware are you of your health? 
learned about Movember from the funny pictures of mustaches that people posted on Facebook.  
Do men discuss health problems or is that off limit? 
Movember is meant to encourage people to talk about cancer and men’s health; are you planning to spark the conversation with your friends and family to help raise awareness?
always like to spark the conversation and share my humble knowledge because am in the healthcare business.
What is prostate cancer? 
Prostate cancer is the fourth most common cancer worldwide after lung, female breast and bowel cancer.1 It only affects men as women do not have a prostate gland. An estimated 1.1 million men worldwide were diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012, accounting for 15% of cancers diagnosed in men.2 The rates are highest in Australia, New Zealand, Northern America, and Western and Northern Europe, with an estimated 307,000 deaths in 2012.2  It is the second most common cancer in men worldwide and the number of cases is expected to almost double to 1.7 million by 2030, according to the Movember Foundation.3 
The prostate is a gland located immediately below the bladder in front of the bowels. It produces fluid that protects and enriches sperm. Prostate cancer occurs when there’s an uncontrolled proliferation of cells. Ignoring the body's signal to stop, malignant cells multiply to form tumors in organs and tissues. If left untreated, prostate cancer cells may eventually spread from the prostate and invade distant parts of the body, particularly the lymph nodes and bones, producing secondary tumors in a process known as metastasis. One of the most worrying aspects of the disease is that most prostate cancers develop without men experiencing any symptoms in the early stages.
Not everyone experiences symptoms of prostate cancer. Many times, signs of prostate cancer are first detected by a doctor during a routine check-up. Some men, however, will experience changes in urinary or sexual function that might indicate the presence of prostate cancer. These symptoms include:
need to urinate frequently, especially at night
Difficulty starting urination or holding back urine
Weak or interrupted flow of urine
Frequent pain or stiffness in the lower back, hips, or upper thighs
If you have any concerns or are experiencing any of these symptoms, it is important that you contact your doctor.
Join the global cause to raise awareness and support for those affected by this disease!
Mental Health and suicide prevention: https://us.movember.com/mens-health/mental-health
International Agency for Research on Cancer, 2018 accessed via Global Cancer Observatory. Accessed November 2018.
Ferlay J, Soerjomataram I, Ervik M, et al:2012 v1.0, cancer incidence and mortality worldwide: CancerBase no. 11. http://publications.iarc.fr/Databases/Iarc-Cancerbases/  Globocan-2012-Estimated-Cancer-Incidence-Mortality-And-Prevalence-Worldwide-In-2012-V1-0-2012 Accessed via Journal of Clinical Oncology. 
World Cancer Research Fund, prostate cancer statistics: https://www.wcrf.org/dietandcancer/cancer-trends/prostate-cancer-statistics
The Audit Committee is composed of three independent Board members. All its members, including Christian Mulliez, are also independent within the terms of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
All members of this committee have financial or accounting knowledge as a result of their training and work experience. They also all qualify as financial experts within the terms of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and French legislation.
The principal remit of the Committee shall be to monitor matters relating to the preparation and audit of accounting and financial information. Without prejudice to the powers of the Board of Directors, the Committee shall inter alia be responsible for monitoring:
the process for the preparation of the annual and half-year financial statements, and financial information more generally;
the implementation and effectiveness of internal control and risk management systems, and if appropriate of internal audit as regards procedures for preparing and processing accounting and financial information, but without undermining the independence of internal audit;
the audit of the parent company financial statements and consolidated financial statements by the statutory auditors.
The role of the Committee shall be not so much to examine the financial statements in detail as to monitor the process of preparing them and to assess the validity of elective accounting treatments used for significant transactions.
In fulfilling its role, the Committee shall have access to all documents and interview the statutory auditors and the officers responsible for finance, accounting, and treasury management. It shall be possible for such interviews to take place without the Chief Executive Officer being present if the Committee sees fit. The Committee may also visit or interview managers of operational entities in furtherance of its role, having given prior notice to the Chairman of the Board and to the Chief Executive Officer.
The Committee shall interview the person responsible for internal audit, and give its opinion on the organization of the internal audit function. The Committee shall be notified of the internal audit program and shall be sent internal audit reports or a periodic summary of such reports.
The Committee shall be able to call upon external experts.
In addition, the Committee shall:
direct the selection process for the statutory auditors, submit the results of this process to the Board of Directors, and issue a recommendation. It shall supervise any call for tenders, and approve the terms of reference and the panel of firms invited to tender;
be informed of the fees paid to the statutory auditors, oversee compliance with rules relating to auditor independence, examine with them any risks to such independence and protective measures to mitigate those risks;;
approve in advance any request to/from the statutory auditors to provide services that are ancillary or directly complementary to the audit of the financial statements and rule on requests to supply services other than audit of the financial statements, in compliance with the relevant laws;
examine risk exposures and significant off balance sheet commitments, assess the materiality of deficiencies or weaknesses reported to it and, where appropriate, inform the Board thereof;
examine the scope of consolidation and, if applicable, the reasons for an entity’s inclusion or exclusion from that scope;
obtain assurance that the Company’s internal audit function has sufficient resources to fulfill its remit;
obtain assurance that the Company’s accounting policies are relevant, consistent and reliable, and examine any changes in those policies;
ensure that internal early warning procedures relating to accounting, internal accounting controls and audit are in place and applied;
ensure that independent Directors receive no compensation other than attendance fees.
The role of the Committee shall be to:
make recommendations and proposals to the Board about compensation, pension and welfare plans, top-up pension plans, benefits in kind, miscellaneous pecuniary benefits, and awards of restricted or performance shares or stock options to the executive officers of Sanofi;
define the methods used to set the variable portion of the compensation of the executive directors, and check that these methods are applied;
formulate general policy on the granting of performance shares and stock options, and determine the frequency of grants for each category of grantee;
issue recommendations on the total amount of attendance fees granted to Directors, and how those fees are to be allocated between them;
oversee compliance with ethical standards within the Company and in its dealings with third parties;
examine human resources policy, especially as regards industrial relations, recruitment, diversity, talent management, and building staff loyalty;
advise the Chief Executive Officer on the compensation of key senior executives;
assist in the preparation of the sections of the annual report dealing with the policy used to determine the compensation of the executive officers of Sanofi.
Appointments and Governance Committee
The role of the Committee shall be to:
assess and recommend suitable candidates to the Board for appointment as Directors or executive officers;
assess and make recommendations to the Board of Directors as necessary regarding the reappointment of individuals whose terms of office are due to expire;
establish corporate governance rules for the Company, and oversee the application of those rules;
ensure that there is adequate succession planning for the Company’s executive bodies;
oversee compliance with ethical standards within the Company and in its dealings with third parties;
determine whether each Director qualifies as being independent, both on his or her initial appointment and annually prior to publication of the Reference Document, and report its conclusions to the Board of Directors;
establish corporate governance rules for the Company and monitor application of those rules;
consider ethical issues that the Board, the Chairman or the Audit Committee may decide to refer to it;
ensure that there is adequate succession planning for the Company’s executive bodies, in particular through the establishment of a succession plan for the Executive Officers;
establish a procedure for the selection of future independent Directors and carry out research on potential candidates prior to any contact with them;
debate the skills and/or financial expertise of Directors nominated to the Audit Committee and report its conclusions to the Board of Directors;
propose methods for evaluating the operating procedures of the Board and its Committees, and oversee the application of these methods;
examine draft reports on the governance of the Company.
The Committee’s remit shall be to identify, investigate, propose, support, assess and monitor strategic development priorities and initiatives relating to the Company and its operations. It may address any significant question relating to such matters.
It briefs the Board of Directors on issues of major strategic interest, such as:
financial and stock market strategies, and compliance with key financial ratios;
potential diversification opportunities;
strategic alliances and major corporate actions outside the Company’s declared strategy;
and more generally, any course of action judged essential to the Company’s future.
Thomas Südhof*, Chairman
The Committee’s remit shall be to identify, investigate, propose, support, assess and monitor strategic development priorities and initiatives relating to the Company and its operations. It may address any significant question relating to such matters.
The role of the Committee shall be to:
assist the Board in scrutinizing the strategic orientation and investments proposed by the Chief Executive Officer in those areas;
identify and discuss emerging trends and new challenges, and ensure that is well prepared for them; and
ensure that processes are in place to enable optimal decision-making on investments in R&D, consistent with the strategy determined by the Board.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.The Corporate Social Responsibility division, in coordination with the Investor Relations department, is in charge of the information analyzed by socially responsible investors and rating agencies. Both assess companies according to social, environmental, economic and governance criteria.
Rating agencies recognize those companies with proactive policies for responsibly managing economic, environmental and social aspects of doing business, via their indices.
is included in the main non-financial rating indices, recognizing our performance.
is our responsibility vis-à-vis the society. Our approach focuses on three pillars and is based on our key principles to ensure high standards of ethics and transparency in all that we do:
extending access to healthcare for the underserved;
supporting our communities, including the community of our employees;
preserving a healthy planet, ensuring that environmental considerations are part of our decision-making process.
Healthcare for all
Ethics & Transparency are the core of the company’s social responsibility.
It is our way of working every day and forms the basis of our relationship with each of our stakeholders.
We strongly believe that Ethics & Transparency are real drivers of value creation,
essential and undisputed to preserve and strengthen the trust of patients, stakeholders and communities.
We have developed strong rules in accordance with the legal framework in each of the countries we operate in.
Our Code of Ethics is available in 29 languages and provided to all employees.
Recognition for our extra-financial performance
Sanofi’s performance is recognized through our inclusion in the most important international Socially Responsible Investment (SRI) indices including:
Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) World (Bronze Class): reference index in sustainable Development
Stoxx® Global Leaders indices
In 2017, achieved the Global Compact Advanced Level.
The extra-financial scores of are presented below:
#1 of the Pharmaceutical & Biotechnology sector.
Environmental & Social score 2018.
6th out of 151.
Since 2017, publishes an Integrated Report based on the International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC) standards. It presents, in a synthetic manner, the Group’s strategy for creating short, mid- and long-term value (financial and extra-financial) for the company and its stakeholders.
also publishes in its French Document de Référence a chapter on Corporate Social Responsibility (Chapter 4) in accordance with Articles 225-102-1 and 225-104 to 225-105-2 of the French Commercial Code relating to companies’ obligations of transparency with regard to Corporate Social Responsibility. An English translation of this chapter is available online.
Our reporting principles are based on the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, under the “Core” option. is also a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact.
In May 2018, published its Indicators table and Auditor’s Report, available here .
Other reference documents and factsheets are available in the Documents Center of the “Our Responsibility” section (see below).
2017 Integrated Report
Steam engines, electricity and assembly lines provided the momentum for the first two industrial revolutions over the course of a couple of centuries. The third, ushered in from the 1960s through the 1990s through emerging digital technologies - chips, mainframes, PCs and the Internet - has paved the way in mere decades for the fourth industrial revolution. 
The foundations for this new era, with technology at its core, are already part of most people’s everyday lives via the Internet. In addition, cheap, powerful sensors feed massive flows of data to ever-more-powerful computers, which use Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning to power technology that was science fiction 30 years ago. 
Machine learning, a type of AI, allows computer systems to “learn,” from data without additional programming. The more data such machines can digest, the smarter they get. 
For example, speech-recognition or speech-to-text programs that use machine learning become more accurate the more language they are exposed to. Microsoft announced last year that the transcription software it developed was now more accurate than what human teams can do. And thanks to the terabytes of images available in health records and sophisticated machine learning techniques known as “deep learning,” computers can now identify certain eye diseases from retinal scans as accurately as doctors. 
However, the current era is not just an evolution of computer systems, argues Klaus Schwab, founder of the World Economic Forum and author of The Fourth Industrial Revolution . 
“Its scope is much wider,” Dr. Schwab writes. “Occurring simultaneously are waves of further breakthroughs in areas ranging from gene sequencing to nanotechnology… It is the fusion of these technologies and their interaction across the physical, digital and biological domains that make the fourth industrial revolution fundamentally different from previous revolutions.”
The potential benefits of all this are easy to imagine – cures for most ailments, ultra-efficient factories, personalized education for all. 
Catching up with science fiction
Machines already monitor themselves in today’s factories with the goal of reducing downtime to a minimum. Cutting edge production lines use sensors, the terabytes of data they collect and to recognize when there is a risk of breakdown, isolate the problem and determine the best time to replace or repair a part. human operator, or in some cases a robot, will then make the fix. 
In the old days it was up to human engineers to predict the lifecycle of all of a machine’s parts, and develop a maintenance schedule based on a combination of calculation and educated guesses. Now, in theory and increasingly in practice, maintenance is done as and when needed and not tied to a schedule. The more machines learn about a production facility, the more efficient the facility’s processes become. 
By 2050, this type of automation will be pervasive. It will be agile to the point of proactivity and it will lead to unimagined efficiencies. Real time information about the market a factory is serving will be fed into the factory, allowing algorithms to reconfigure production, tuning it to best meet demand. 
What will things look like from a patient’s point of view? Will automation, AI, ubiquitous sensors and real-time data make life easier or creepier? What about the relationships between patients and healthcare providers?
While this may all lead to a harmonious, ultra-efficient future, people and governments rightly worry about the loss of jobs and privacy, and alarmists project panic and visions of Terminator-like systems running amok. Indeed, a 2016 report from the World Economic Forum on the fourth industrial revolution focused on the need for legislation that would protect the universal values of human dignity, common good and stewardship during this time of rapid change. 
However, much depends on how attitudes and regulations adapt to this period of change. There is no doubt that health-related sensors will be everywhere and increasingly powerful. Today, a watch can call for help if you fall or tell if you are at risk of heart attack. Tomorrow, your shirt collar may report the nature of the cold virus you have based on a sneeze. 
In 2050, as Sanofi’s CEO, Olivier Brandicourt, points out , we won’t be calling the doctor. Powerful computers, fed by our personal data and data about the environment we live in, will tell the doctor whether we should be alerted. 
Medicine, like manufacturing, will use and data to make better predictions. If a system determines that your genetic makeup and environmental factors mean that you are at risk of hospitalization from a particularly nasty flu, the system may preemptively alert your doctor and have him call you in for some “maintenance.”
Data collection and processing in healthcare could become so advanced that personalized treatments will be tested in simulated trials. Today’s multistage drug trials could be replaced with virtual trials involving simulations of different types of people and various dosages and formulations. 
Patients may become the biggest consumers of their own data. Today, people use their smart watches and phones to maximize athletic performance or figure out healthier nutrition or sleep patterns. Tomorrow it may be possible to factor in your genetic makeup or even the genes in your microbiome, the microorganisms that live on and inside the human body. 
In addition to all of the data and computing power to help with diagnoses and treatments, scribes with voice recognition technology will assist doctors during patient visits, freeing them from their computers and allowing more face-to-face time with patients.  
There are pitfalls of course. Data privacy and ethics considerations have to be debated thoroughly and solutions hammered out in detail and in concert among companies, governments and citizens. And education will have to become more flexible, allowing people to take on multidisciplinary roles, and constant, reinforcing knowledge as needed throughout people’s careers. 
Life is a health journey, and the global trends toward longer life expectancies and increasingly more sedentary lifestyles have made diabetes and cardiovascular disease worldwide public health concerns.
Around 425 million people lived with diabetes in 2015 and the is expected to rise to over 640 million by 2040 (source: IDF) - An estimated 17.7 million people died from cardiovascular diseases in 2015 (source: WHO)
The effects of diabetes and cardiovascular disease are severe, particularly because many people live with both. Research has, however, helped turn these diseases into chronic conditions that can be treated, and many people now live longer, more active and more fulfilling lives.
Diabetes is caused by either a lack of insulin in the body (type 1) or the inability of the body to use the insulin it produces (type 2). At Sanofi, we have been developing insulin treatments for diabetes for close to a century. We offer a comprehensive portfolio of diabetes medicines, including insulins, to lower blood sugar levels and today, more than 50% of people on once-daily basal insulin treatments are supported by Sanofi.
Cardiovascular disease is a group of disorders of the heart and blood vessels. Building on Sanofi’s legacy of more than 50 years of fighting cardiovascular disease, we deliver innovative therapeutic solutions for cardiovascular conditions to people at high risk for cardiac events (such as a heart attack) and who need additional treatment options beyond currently available medications.
People living with diabetes and cardiovascular disease still face many challenges. They see their doctors only few times a year; miss support in between; and need to adapt their nutrition, exercise and medication.
Diabetes and cardiovascular disease are also a burden for healthcare systems worldwide, due to the increasing number of cases and associated healthcare costs.
Even as therapeutic solutions become more effective, we recognize that the management of these diseases is a 24/7 job. As a health journey partner, we at focus on improving quality of life.
The importance of an integrated approach
We build on our heritage and commitment to innovation to improve quality of life and support patients and healthcare systems by offering more than medicines. By combining Sanofi’s quality drugs with services, devices and data management, we aim at giving new hope to millions of people.
Our integrated care solutions aim to improve outcomes and patient experiences. We have developed innovative, value-based medicines and connected solutions designed to address the most urgent medical and societal needs. Through this work, our purpose is to help people with diabetes and cardiovascular disease improving their quality of life, and we aim at supporting the sustainability of healthcare systems.
With strong in-house capabilities focusing on titration guidance and improved connectivity, we also work with partners who share the same ambitions. In 2016, we partnered with Verily (an Alphabet company) to found Onduo, a joint-venture focusing on holistic solutions to improve diabetes management.
This website uses cookies to track its audience and improve its content. By continuing to browse this website, you agree to the use of such cookies.From prevention to treatment, we transform scientific innovation into healthcare solutions in Human Vaccines, Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis & Neuroscience, Oncology, Immunology, Diabetes & Cardiovascular, Digital Technology, Drug Discovery & Biologics, and Consumer Healthcare. Our diversity and global reach is supported by our strong presence in Mature and Emerging Markets.
Value creation through partnerships
We believe that Alliance Management is the keystone of any sound and successful collaboration. For this reason, we have a dedicated team of Alliance Managers, working across the globe to fulfill the mission of maximizing the value through collaborative engagement, management of risk, actionable assessment and agile governance.
What we are looking for?
As a trusted partner in the healthcare journey, we understand science and embrace innovation. Working across the drug discovery continuum from prevention through cures, we are eager to learn more about your advances in early- to late-stage development. Our partnering brochure  will add more insight about our major therapeutic areas and flexible approach to deal making.
Active Ingredient Solutions: An organization fully dedicated to third party Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients activities
We work passionately, every day, to develop, manufacture and supply active pharmaceutical ingredients for your markets across the world.
We leverage our industrial expertise and experience to meet the highest quality requirements while focusing permanently on your satisfaction.
Active Ingredient Solutions offers a broad range of solutions to third parties:
portfolio of more than 120 active pharmaceutical ingredients available for human and animal health
contract development and manufacturing organization
