Designed to deal with slurry, sludge and a wide variety of similar waste streams, the Muckbuster is a fully-functional, automated anaerobic digester that turns problematic farm waste or sewage into useful and offers a financially viable solution with short pay back periods.
Designed to capture the locked up in a wide range of organic waste streams, Flexibuster is an ideal solution for any business producing 500kg to 3000kg of organic waste on a daily basis. Delivered to site ready to plug-and-play, the Flexibuster containerised anaerobic digester includes a pasteurisation process and safely turns all types of food waste into useful and valuable energy.
Generate clean from your organic waste; reduce your bills as well as your carbon footprint
Why are you still paying for someone to move your waste? With Flexibuster™ you can convert your own waste into clean and high quality fertiliser
Waste is bad for the environment. Fossil fuels are not sustainable. Our technology turns that waste problem into free, clean NEWS
March 5th, 2018|Comments Off on On our way to Sydney and Melbourne with Innovate UK
is going to Sydney and Melbourne, part of the future cities: mission to Australia. More information here. [...]
tons of waste converted to free per year with one FlexibusterTM
is taking urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts.
Power; the leading small waste-to-product. Transforming your waste on-site to make and fertiliser.
has patented the innovative Muckbuster® and Flexibuster™: compact, easy-to-install, turnkey Anaerobic Digestion (AD) systems in shipping containers. These are being installed globally, directly and through distribution and licensing agreements. Our products are considered a key component in the Future Cities planning process. The main office of the company is located at the University of Southampton Science Park, a prestigious hub of cleantech innovation in the South of England, where a Flexibuster™ has been successfully consuming the bio-waste of local businesses since 2011.
is a based company that operates from and manufactures in the South of England. At Belbins Business Park in Romsey, Hampshire, all components of the Muckbuster® and Flexibuster™ are fully assembled, ready to be shipped and quickly installed at your site. Additionally, this site hosts our own research lab, where we analyse how different feedstock samples from our customers behave in conditions. This allows us to accurately estimate how much green a Muckbuster® or a Flexibuster™ can produce for you.
was founded in 2009 by Sandra, the CEO, and Nick Sassow, the inventor of the technology. The company has evolved quickly since then and has put in place strong management, a commited and continuously expanding team and a highly experienced service department. Currently, consists of 22 people, speaking over 10 different languages. We look forward to installing one of our small waste-to-systems on your site, anywhere in the world.
Cow poo has less in it than pig poo
Power; the leading small waste-to-product. Transforming your waste on-site to make and fertiliser.
