Please welcome the newest member of the GLO-216 serial-family , the GLO-216with brilliant, sapphire blue pixels. It shares the family traits of easy, versatile serial input (inverted, noninverted, RS232 or UART, at 9600-38,400bps); multiple font sizes; superior contrast; and immediate, no-leadtime delivery.
Looking for small quantities of faceplates to fit 2x16 and 4x20 LCDs—even generic models not supplied by Seetron? Check out our eBay listings . Their online bazaar is becoming our go-to for small orders.
Recently we've helped several customers with tricky require­ments by swapping out connectors or modifying firmware for address­ability or even emulation of obsolete displays . Can we help you? Email tech@seetron.com.
Purchasing pros take note: The products page is now a full-line catalog. Previously ordering required wading into a particular product's specs to find the buy button; now it's all in one place.
© 2016 Scott Edwards Electronics Updating CartSeetron.com is the online presence of Scott Edwards Electronics, Established in 1994, incorporated in the state of Arizona.
Email tech@seetron.com. Please include the name of of the product in the subject of your email; it helps with routing. Phone calls for technical issues are not as productive as a quick email (which allows us to link app notes, examples, etc. that can't   be conveyed by phone).
Quality Assurance and ISO- Certifications
products are manufactured to our specifications by large, specialized manufacturers of displays and electronic subassemblies. Here are links to their QC/programs and ISO-9xxx series certifications:
Privacy: We respect our customers' privacy. Your private information remains private when you visit us or purchase from us. We do not release any customer information to others, and we use that information only to ship and support the   products you order. We never spam. The only time that any information about you is transmitted to us is when you place an order.
Security: Our online customers should know that we:
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): We do not accept, store, use, share or process the types of data covered by For online sales, we employ a GDPR-compliant cart/processor . We do not host third-party content (e.g., ads) that might have implications.
© 2016 Scott Edwards Electronics Updating Cart