Developed　“SMH-02B01”, Thermopile-type Infrared Array Sensor Module with 16 x 16 elements
Thank you very much for your coming.
Promoting technical innovation through originality and creative challenges, and contributing to social development.
Valuing our customers highly, and establishing good relations with society through our business activities.
Striving for a strong, rewarding business, and where employees can have confidence and pride.
fulfills its corporate social responsibility by complying with statutes, respecting social ethics, and setting up healthy and sensible corporate ethics.
Based on this approach, has established the following as its Basic Principle of Corporate Ethics.
Complying with the low and rules of the countries and regions where business is conducted and engaging in fair practices in the light of social ethics.
Aiming to become a sensible corporate citizen, and striving for harmony with society.
Disclosing information in a timely fashion, and engaging in honest and transparent communications.
Protecting the irreplaceable earth and contributing to the preservation on the environment.
Respecting fundamental human right and individuality, and building up a corporate culture with a broad vision which fosters the spirit of corporate ethics.
has provided the world with electric devices the time requires.
will keep on stimulating the society with preciseness,
Developed world’s first for for radio
Developed for a clock running at 1 V
Developed PLLs for 200-MHz by putting the molybdenum gate multilayer process into practical use
Developed 121-degree linear phase digital filter for players
Received the Nikkei Excellent Service Award for the digital filter for recording and playback
Received the “Radio Technology Magazine” Award for the asynchronous sample rate converter for audio, the “SM5844AF”
Developed world’s first digital filter for High-resolution audio
Crystal oscillator won a prize of encouragement from Japan Institute for Promoting Invention and Innovation
Developed radio controlled clock receiver IC
Developed white driver IC, video filter/buffer IC
Vision chip won a prize of Technology from The Society of Instrument and Control Engineers
Developed Transceiver for Specified Low Power Radio Station
Nippon Precision Circuits Inc.’s equity ownership shifts to Corporation.
Nippon Precision Circuits Inc. changed its company name to Corporation.
Increased capital to 1 billion yen.
Announced thermopile infrared-sensor chip with built-in amplifier on 2008.
Developed voltage controlled crystal oscillator of low phase noise
was founded in 1975 as a semiconductor manufacturer of the Holdings Group. Each Holdings Group company, using creativity and technologies specific to it, ships products with high added value over a broad area. Among the group companies, specializes in semiconductors, benefiting from the synergy provided by its group membership.
As principal device components, our typical crystal oscillation ICs, dominant in the world market, support clocks that provide the reference signals used to control a variety of electronic devices.
is based at Tokyo. Its Nasushiobara Unit, which produces components, is located in Nasushiobara-shi, in Nikko National Park, in Tochigi Prefecture. Internally, the company provides a total framework that embraces planning, design, manufacturing, and sales.
[Kansai Sales Office]
Development, manufacturing and sales of semiconductor products
