About Facts and figures about the Company
(Home printers, Business printers, Scanners, SIDM, Commercial printers, Industrial inkjet printing systems, Commercial compact printers, Office papermaking system)
Visual communications Business (Projectors, Smart glasses)
Wearable Products Business (Wearable products for sports and personal healthcare, Watches, Sensing systems)
Microdevices, Other Business (Crystal devices, Semiconductors, Powdered metals, Surface processing)
- To Our Stakeholders -
Aiming to Make an Indispensable Company for Our Customers and the World
In April 2017, we added the phrase "aspires to be an indispensable company" to Epson's Management Philosophy. This phrase declares our commitment to playing a central role in realizing a better world by continuing to leverage our original technology to create new customer value. Epson's reason for being is to enrich lives and foster greater happiness. This statement of our commitment to becoming an indispensable company also expresses our desire to use our businesses to help achieve a sustainable society-a goal that happens to overlap the sustainable development goals (SDGs) of the United Nations.
joined the United Nations Global Compact in 2004. We have been contributing to solutions to social problems by implementing initiatives that are aligned with the 10 principles of the Global Compact relating to human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption. In 2017, we created a materiality matrix that identified and prioritized topics that we should tackle in light of their importance to both and society. We then examined the relevance of these priority topics with the 17 SDGs by comparing them against the 169 targets of the SDGs. Ultimately, we found that 13 of the SDGs intersect with Epson's current business activities. So, for the time being, we will focus more heavily on business activities that will achieve the targets under these 13 SDGs while at the same time contributing to solutions to social problems and sustainability through actions that achieve the growth strategy we have outlined in the 25 Corporate Vision.
Given the evidence of recent global climate change, initiatives that reduce the environmental impacts of enterprise are both critical and urgent for a sustainable future. has a unique portfolio of efficient, compact and precision technologies that enable us produce products that reduce the environmental footprints of our customers. These are the technologies that enabled products like the PaperLab, a dry-process office papermaking system that produces new paper from used, and our high-speed linehead inkjet multifunction printers, which combine print performance and energy efficiency. We use these technologies to maximize the environmental performance of the products and services we create, produce, and sell for use in homes, offices, and the commercial and industrial sectors. We will contribute to progress toward achieving the SDGs in ways that only can, by fully recognizing environmental and social issues throughout the value chain and by eliminating wasteful energy use.
Going forward, we will persist in our aspirations to become an indispensable company that plays a central role in realizing a better world. Toward this end, we will continue to strive to create new value by advancing our technologies and driving innovation to make the world a happier and easier place to live for all. We will look hard at solutions to social issues, understand what customers and society expect from us, and provide products and services that far exceed those expectations.
leverages its original Micro Piezo and other technologies to develop, manufacture and sell inkjet printers, scanners, an office papermaking system and other products, and related services.
leverages its original microdisplay and projection technologies to develop, manufacture and sell projectors, smart glasses, and other products and related services.
develops, manufactures and sells watches, industrial robots, microdevices, and other products and related services by leveraging the ultra-fine and ultra-precision processing, advanced mounting technologies, high-precision sensing and mechatronics technologies it has refined over the years.
is committed to harmonious coexistence with society through programs rooted in local communities throughout the world based on its commitment to being "an indispensable company, trusted throughout the world," as stated in its Management Philosophy.
Recognizing that companies are expected to be even more socially involved, each and every employee will continue to contribute to Epson's standing as a good corporate citizen and facilitate mutually beneficial relationships. Epson's contributions go beyond financial support. emphasizes contributions involving the technologies and knowledge that underpin its business as a way to give something back to society. Going forward, will continue to engage in corporate citizenship activities, including contributions involving manpower.
Sports transcend national borders and language barriers. They thrill and inspire. They are bestowers of hopes, of dreams.
sponsors sporting events and sports teams as a way of reaching out to and engaging people worldwide through the common language of sports, engendering familiarity, and sharing the joy that sport brings.
has been sponsoring international sporting events for nearly 50 years.
The impact of major worldwide sporting events travels far beyond national and linguistic borders, and is a proud sponsor of events and teams. The athletes' enduring spirit and ceaseless commitment to perfection truly embody Epson's corporate philosophy of "creativity and challenge" and our global tagline, "Exceed Your Vision".
Since it was founded more than 70 years ago has continued to produce innovative products and services based on its efficient, compact and precision technologies. As embodied by our "Exceed Your Vision" corporate tagline, we have focused our corporate ethos of creativity and challenge on exceeding the expectations of our customers around the world with the ultimate aim of becoming an indispensable company for both our customers and for society in general.
In fiscal 2016 we began implementing the 25 Corporate Vision, which charts Epson's course and describes where we would like to be in ten years. Under this vision, we aim to build on the foundations we have made over the years as we look to create a new connected age of people, things and information with our efficient, compact and precision technologies.
Advances in information and communications technology mean increasing amounts of information will become available on the internet, and so-called cyber space will continue to expand. believes that products acting as the interface between cyber space and the actual or real world where businesses operate and people live will be of critical importance. As a company that specializes in generating value in the real world, will take these macro trends on board and will leverage its core technologies to generate unique value in products and services based on its efficient, compact and precision technologies. By doing this, aims to help free people from repetitive manual work and from unnecessary wastes of money, effort and time, to dramatically reduce customers' environmental impact and improve their work processes, and to significantly improve customer performance in the form of productivity, accuracy and customer creativity.
By generating value with its technologies, aims to bring positive change to the world through innovations in four areas. We will achieve inkjet innovation by providing inkjet printers with high environmental performance to the office and industry together with an in-office paper recycler that uses a dry process, and will achieve visual innovation by revolutionizing visual communications. We will seek to achieve wearables innovation with products that provide wearers with enjoyment and a sense of status, and robotics innovation with robots that support people in a wide variety of situations. By achieving these goals, we will help free people from repetitive manual work and from unnecessary wastes of time and energy, heighten people's creativity, and create a sustainable and affluent society in which people enjoy safe and healthy lifestyles.
has established an original vertically integrated business model as the best possible means to realizing its aspiration of constantly generating new customer value. We develop and manufacture in-house unique and competitive core devices including printheads for inkjet printers, optical engines for projectors, semiconductors and quartz crystal devices. firmly believe we are able to provide on a timely basis to customers products and services that exceed their expectations because of our deep familiarity with these core devices, our planning and design of distinctive products, and our advanced capability to manufacture finished products to a consistently high standard. This business model will be the base for achieving our four innovations.
Under 25, we will strengthen the companywide functions of human resources, technology, manufacturing, sales & support and the environment, utilize information technology, and advance our original business model as we seek to bring our vision to reality. As mentioned, our aim under the vision is to use our technologies to create a new connected age of people, things and information, and by doing this believe we can become an indispensable company to our customers and to society in general.
look forward to your ongoing support as we move forward to achieve these goals.
Minoru UsuiWant to Genuinely Contribute to Society with the World's Most Advanced Technology
Technological aspirations are embedded in Epson's DNA
Since its founding, has always sought to create value where none previously existed by pursuing technological innovation.
We created the world's first compact, lightweight digital printer, the world's first quartz watch, and the world's first photo-quality inkjet printer, whose successors are a cornerstone of the of today. The technology behind these products did not exist before they were developed.
Each of these products was developed from the ground up by engineers who aspired to bring certain value to the world or to create products that would benefit people's lifestyles. Over the years, this approach has become deeply embedded in Epson's DNA.
We have found that we have greater insights and a clearer overall picture of the technologies that we worked so hard to develop and advance. And this, in turn, allows us to maximize the potential of these technologies.
believe that Epson's strength derives from a vertically integrated business model, wherein we personally develop, manufacture, and sell products that are based on core technologies and core devices that we ourselves have developed and manufactured.
Many manufacturers procure the core devices for their products and outsource manufacturing to other companies. has chosen a different path because we believe that if we were to buy the same parts as our competitors and produce similar products, then we would never be able to achieve our goal of creating products that exceed customer expectations.
is researching and developing technologies and products that will surprise you
The idea underpinning Epson's strategies is to generate value that exceeds the vision of our customers by using a vertically integrated business model to leverage our unique core devices, which emerged from core technologies that we have developed for many years.
For a company like Epson, whose businesses revolve around its core technologies, research and development projects are crucial, but it is also extremely important to strategically use the intellectual property that emerges from the R&process. R&has to be conducted from both a near-term and a long-term perspective. The outcomes have to support our businesses of today and our businesses 10 or 20 years down the road.
Our ongoing R&efforts will yield products and technologies that are sure to bring you positive surprises.
Becoming an Indispensable Company
Committed to changing the world
We at aim to contribute to society and become an indispensable company by continuing to exploit our powerful original technologies to create one-of-a-kind products that others cannot replicate.
With a thorough knowledge of technology and unsurpassed manufacturing capabilities, we are committed to creating products that aim to change the world for the better and genuinely contribute to peoples' lives.
Toward that end, we want to be the ultimate developer and manufacturer with world-class technology that exceeds your vision.to Contentsaria
Epson's management philosophy has been translated into 14 languages. To view the Management Philosophy in a different language, click Management Philosophy.
This document outlines the basic principles of conduct that Group companies, officers and employees must follow to ensure that business is conducted in a socially, environmentally and economically responsible manner. Following these principles will help ensure that creates customer value and maintains the trust of all stakeholders in line with the corporate management philosophy.
Notice of Amendments to Principles of Corporate Behavior (October 2017)
aims to exceed its customers' expectations and visions with products and services that help create more colorful and richer lifestyles. Read here for more information about the "Exceed Your Vision" brand tagline.
This Site, as well as the rights to and use of the material contained herein, is subject to protection in accordance with Japanese law.
None of the content (materials, information, or ideas) that you submit to or post on this Site is treated as confidential or proprietary. Any content that you submit or post may be distributed or used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, product development, manufacture or marketing.
Remembering settings, so you don't have to keep re-entering them whenever you visit a new page
Analysing how you use the website to improve the way it works for you, to make sure that you find what you're looking for easily, and to ensure it meets your needs.
In 1968, established its first production site outside Japan, in Singapore. Today, has sales and marketing sites, service sites, as well as production and R&sites around the globe to accurately identify, and swiftly and flexibly meet the needs of customers in different regions.
Fratelli Robustelli S.r.l.
Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products & 
Deputy Chief Operating Officer, Wearable Products & Industrial Solutions Operations Segment
Creating a new connected age of people, things and information with efficient, compact and precision technologies.
Advances in information and communications technology mean increasing amounts of information will become available on the internet, and so-called cyber space will continue to expand. believes that products acting as the interface between cyber space and the actual or real world where customers operate will be of critical importance. As a company that specializes in generating value in the real world, Epson's vision is to create a new connected age of people, things and information with efficient, compact and precision technologies that generate value to customers in the form of smart technologies, the environment and performance in 
four areas of innovation.
Create convenient and easy-to-use products that can be used anytime and anywhere, and which help customers reduce waste, and save money, effort and time. 
Leverage products to reduce environmental impact by improving customers' work processes, and contribute to a sustainable society. 
Use outstanding products to contribute to customers' performance through productivity, accuracy and creativity. 
News release: Establishes New Corporate Vision and Mid-Range Business Plan
Explanatory presentation: 25 Corporate Vision & Mid-Range Business Plan (FY2016-2018)
Offering customers the best solutions
Since its inception, has passed down and expanded on its traditional strengths as a manufacturing company. Refining the company's super-microprocessing and precision processing technologies in the development of its watches and then expanding those technologies into other fields led to rapid progress. The breakthrough came with the launch of the EP-101 (Electronic Printer), a popular and groundbreaking product that opened up new markets. It was in the hope of sending future "sons" of this out into the world that the brand was founded in 1975. Ever since then, high quality, high-value-added "sons" have been introduced to the market to wide acclaim.
The Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport team dominated the pinnacle of world motor racing in the 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 seasons.
is an Official Team Partner of the Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport team. Their constant pursuit for the highest level of performance represents a value shared with Epson, which is committed to continuous innovation to create value that exceeds our customers' expectations.
As Official Team Partner of the Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport team,  provides its expertise and advanced products, developed with its “efficient, compact and precision” technologies, to support the team operation at every opportunity. 
Commitment to a Sustainable Formula One Society
The lessons that the Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport team is learning through developments such as fuel-efficient hybrid engines will flow into everyday vehicles in the coming years, contributing to significantly improved fuel efficiency and reduced emissions.
extends its hearty congratulations to long-term partner Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport Team after the team secured its fifth successive Formula One™ World Constructors' Championship*. The momentous victory was achieved on November 11 after drivers Lewis Hamilton, who won the race, and Valtteri Bottas combined to outpoint their nearest rivals at the Brazil Grand Prix in Sao Paolo.
"Everyone at is delighted to see the Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport Team win this year's championship," said Munenori Ando, executive officer and general administrative manager of Epson's Sales & Marketing Division. "The team's passionate commitment to teamwork, minimizing environmental impact and the constant pursuit of technological advance for the highest level of performance represent values shared with Epson. We are extremely proud that the team used a number of products to support this well-deserved victory."
has supported Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport Team since the 2015 season. As an Official Team Partner, provides its expertise in products including inkjet printers, scanners, 3projectors and smart glasses, with the logo visible on the Mercedes-Petronas Motorsport Team race cars, along with branding on the helmet visors and racesuits of the team's drivers Lewis Hamilton, winner of this year's drivers' championship, and Valtteri Bottas.
* Subject to official confirmation by the of the results of the 2018 Formula One™ World Championship.
About is a global technology leader dedicated to connecting people, things and information with its original efficient, compact and precision technologies. With a lineup that ranges from inkjet printers and digital printing systems to 3projectors, watches and industrial robots, the company is focused on driving innovations and exceeding customer expectations in inkjet, visual communications, wearables and robotics.
Led by the Japan-based Corporation, the Group comprises more than 81,000 employees in 85 companies around the world, and is proud of its contributions to the communities in which it operates and its ongoing efforts to reduce environmental impacts.Global tagline
The global tagline "Exceed Your Vision" expresses Epson's brand promise to customers in a concise, accessible way.
And we do this through our commitment to
developing technology that inspires and
The positioning statement encapsulates what is unique about Epson: Our desire to "inspire" creativity and our ambition to "empower" people globally so they can achieve their goals using Epson's technology.
In the years since the brand was created, in 1975, products and services have earned a loyal following around the world.
Every product has a story to tell, a story about contributing to people's lives or work or helping them to fulfill their hopes and dreams; that is, their visions. We created a series of videos to explore the relationship between and the visions pursued by customers and communities worldwide.
Hinomaru Jozo Co., Ltd. is a saké brewery located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. Blessed with a local abundance of brewer's rice and groundwater from Mt. Kurikoma in the Ōu mountain range, Hinomaru Jozo has maintained the traditions and culture of saké brewing for centuries.
The brewery creates the saké with tender care and insists that it is beautifully presented when it is released into the world. Epson's SurePress digital label press is helping TrustSeal Incorporated to support Hinomaru Jozo by producing labels that capture the powerful feelings and commitment that go into making the saké.
Chin-Ping Ho, a runner from Taiwan, secured a berth in an international marathon with a personal best time of 2:17:42 in 2015. He has worked in tandem with Gi-Sheng Hsu, his coach and compatriot, to train for marathons under conditions that are not necessarily ideal.
To improve the quality of their training as they set their sights on the local record of 2:14:30 set by Coach Hsu over 20 years ago, they are using scientific data provided by an Runsense sports watch.
The Como region of Italy, long celebrated for its silk, is home to a thriving textile printing industry. And a combination of traditional textile printing techniques with the inkjet technology used in Monna Lisa digital textile printers is bringing further prestige to the Como brand and helping to bring new potential to the textile industry.
Sergio Arau, a musician and artist who works in multiple mediums, has developed an original style of expression called "Art Nacó" that celebrates the unique value and richness of Mexican pop culture. Mexico is a class society, with the majority of Mexicans belonging to the working class.
Sublimation transfer printing helps him to realize his vision of putting his expensive original works of art within reach of the masses.
Ninoy Aquino Elementary School is located in Malabon City, just north of the Philippines capital of Manila. It is the largest school in the city, with approximately 5,000 students attending classes that are divided into morning and afternoon sessions. The students of the morning session make their way to school before dawn, at 5 a.m.
With many underprivileged children in their classes, the teachers and staff believe that education is the best way to expand the range of opportunities for their students, and are effectively using (Information Communication Technology) to raise interest and improve results at the school.
