Laboratories is here to assist you
Get help with a bill
Get help with a bill
Providing relevant genetic insight for planning a happy and healthy family.
When test results shape personal futures, Laboratories is your trusted ally. As the pioneer of genetic testing for reproductive health, we offer unmatched expertise and the largest collection of laboratory tests. Our flexible test options fit your individualized needs, and our dedicated, responsive, and accessible Customer Experience team delivers personalized attention with integrity.
Take confidence in the broadest offering of highly-accurate reproductive health tests currently available.
Genetic testing is complicated but understanding your test results and the clinical implication for you and your family should not be.
Engage with our expert team of board-certified genetic counselors 
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
In health care, where test results shape personal futures, Laboratories is the trusted source for genetic testing that guides reproductive health matters. We are dedicated to delivering the most advanced genetic testing solutions available to provide answers that assist parents and physicians in proactively addressing informed family planning.  
Credibility is in our DNA.
In genetic testing, one size does not fit all. We offer the broadest collection of carrier status, NIPT, and diagnostic test options—from assessing a baby’s whole genome to detecting specific conditions—so that parents and physicians can select the right test for each pregnancy.
As the pioneer of NIPT, we have analyzed over half a million patient samples and can present the largest evidence base of clinical publications highlighting the ability of our tests to guide informed decisions.
The team of expert genetic counselors are available to explain test results in clear terms. 
We translate genetic code into relevant insights.
Through our comprehensive and advanced offering of accurate, reliable, and timely genetic tests, parents and physicians gain valuable insight into the genetic implications of reproductive health. 
We support women at every stage of family planning with the widest range of tests to meet the varying needs of individuals:
Carrier screening identifies potential risk for genetic conditions.
Non-invasive prenatal testing offers information on specific genetic abnormalities or a comprehensive look at the baby’s genome.
When needed, our highly accurate invasive diagnostic testing offers further confidence in making informed health decisions.
We lead with innovation and service.
Our innovation is driven by a purpose—to help parents and physician find the right test, at the right time, to understand reproductive health throughout the family planning process. So, we focus on the advancement of highly accurate genetic tests that meet the information needs and concerns of expecting mothers.
We support parents and physicians with our dedicated, responsive, and accessible customer experience team. Because genetic testing is a deeply personal matter, our genetic counselors, medical directors, and customer service representatives provide parents with highly personal attention, while we assist physicians with understanding the latest advances in genomic testing.
healthy family is a happy family.
As the pioneer of the noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT) industry, Laboratories was the first to offer a safe, reliable noninvasive prenatal testing method. We have been the market leader in this space ever since delivering a constant stream of purposeful innovation.
The SensiGene® Fetal Genotyping laboratory-developed test became the world’s first to detect circulating cell-free fetal from maternal blood.
We announced the first for fetal chromosome 21 aneuploidy or trisomy 21 (Down syndrome) in the MaterniT® 21 laboratory-developed test.
The MaterniT® 21 laboratory-developed test added trisomy 18, trisomy 13, and fetal sex to the original analysis and also validated the test for use with multiple gestations.
MaterniT® 21 is enhanced with testing for sex chromosomes aneuploidies, several microdeletions, and trisomies 22 and 16.
Still more additions to the MaterniT® 21 test allowed for the detection of additional microdeletions.
We launched the MaterniT® laboratory-developed test, the first genome-wide NIPT.MENU
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Sequenom, with its focus on continuous innovation and complete transparency, enables employees to thrive in the workplace and share its commitment to making a difference in the healthcare community.
Our culture is shaped by two forces.
We are always there for them in an unassuming, honest, and responsive way. This builds trust as the foundation for clinical collaboration and ultimately enables patients to experience more meaningful care. Each member of the team plays an important role in achieving and maintaining our reputation as a trusted resource.
Constant innovation is the status quo.
Life at is fast-paced, dynamic, and fun with rewarding benefits and performance rewards. With a clear vision for the future, all employees have the opportunity to make a difference and are encouraged to share new ideas. We foster a collaborative work environment and encourage curiosity at all levels.
Our corporate headquarters are located in the heart of San Diego’s life sciences community. With the beach less than a mile away, inspiration is easily found in the ocean breeze, salt air, and scenic vistas of the Pacific coast.
career at has its benefits
We are proud to offer our employees a comprehensive and competitive benefits program. This is our way of enriching the lives of those who share our mission and rewarding them for dedication to the company.
Auto and Homeowner's Insurance
Please refer to the listing below to find the nearest laboratory in your country ordering Laboratories' tests.
Ginecologico Laboratories Center, de CV
11 Ave. Street 18-40,
Building # 4, Block 5, First St.
High Impact Research (HIR) Building,
Nucleos Healthcare S.R.L.
View our up-to-date lab certifications
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) 
Clinical Lab Permits - State of California Dept. of Public Health 
State of Florida Agency for Healthcare Admin 
Maryland Dept. of Health and Mental Hygiene 
We have a new home.
is now a part of Integrated Genetics and the content you are looking for can be found on 
We have a new home.
is now a part of Integrated Genetics and the content you are looking for can be found on 
