also earns highly recommended ratings for 12 document systems
BOARD™ Interactive Display Systems and 120" class 4Ultra-commercial display receive top honors at the world's largest professional show
Enables Non-Contact Detection Heartbeats, Breathing, and Body Motion
Sharp's Best-Selling BOARD™ displays offer effortless communication and collaboration for every budget
At SLA, you will find a team motivated, educated, and talented people who approach their work with enthusiasm and passion.
The technical staff includes members with degrees in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Chemistry, Materials Science, Mechanical Engineering, Mathematics, Imaging Science, and Biomedical Engineering, to name a few.  To help guide our research in view market trends and business conditions, has several members with degrees and business-related backgrounds.  And to maintain SLA’s position as a leader in intellectual property, has an in-house legal team.  Over half members hold advanced degrees.
The diverse team at has members representing more than 15 different countries origin.  We believe that our cultural and educational diversity fosters creativity, bringing different perspectives and insights to each our projects.Founded in 1995, is Corporation’s first and only U.S.-based research and development laboratory. From the start, has been given autonomy to focus on the trends, technology issues, and product demands North American markets. This perspective has led to breakthrough innovations that have found their way into products sold throughout the world. In the process, we’ve added affiliated offices and facilities in Santa Ana, California and Bangalore, India.
With over 2,000 patent applications since our founding, aims high and drives aggressively toward ideas that profoundly affect how people interact with and benefit from technology.  (SLA) is the research and development (R&D) subsidiary for Corporation Japan.  For over 100 years, has created products and technologies that have touched the lives people across the world.  These innovations include world-class liquid crystal display (LCD) manufacturing, Japan’s first crystal radio, the world’s first commercial LCD-based calculator, the world’s first commercial mobile cameraphone, ultra-high efficiency solar panels, market-leading television and business products, and many others.
was founded in 1995 to speed introduction into the revolutionary digital media technologies then taking root in the  Current focus areas strike a balance between traditional and emerging business areas, including:  Video & Vision, Mobile Communications, Cloud & Business Solutions, Health & Environment, Energy, and Materials & Devices.   is the only R&organization outside Japan with significant capabilities in both software development and cleanroom-based device design and fabrication.  exploits its market and cultural insight, creating partnerships with university, industry, and government organizations and leveraging an innovation-centric work culture to drive business growth for Corporation.
is the largest R&resource for Corporation outside Japan and a cornerstone Sharp’s global R&system, which also includes overseas in Oxford and Shanghai.  To extend our capabilities, founded Software Development India (SSDI), based in Bangalore, in 1999.  continues to operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary as we seek to further increase SSDI’s independent strategic scope and impact.  also maintains deep engagement with Electronics Corporation (SEC), Corporation’s business headquarters in Mahwah,  Reflecting this global engagement, the President serves on the Board Directors both and SSDI.
has a proud history important contributions to Sharp’s business results.  For example, developed the industry-leading architecture on office products worldwide, created video processing technologies at the heart televisions, deployed Sharp’s first internet-connected television service, created software functionality for and global smartphone models, and performed early research on key device technologies such as aluminum metallization and inorganic oxide transistors.  Our current projects build on these accomplishments, in some cases taking them in completely new and unexpected directions.Home
More About Living In Camas and Portland
More About Living In Santa Ana and Orange County
Scroll to Topstrives to make a significant difference both in our community and through our commitment to protecting the environment.  We encourage our employees and customers to reduce their impact on the environment and to give back to the local community.  In addition, is proud to support many community organizations and causes.
As part our environmental conservation efforts, SLA's Camas facility has retained 14001 certification since 1997. We are committed to reducing our environmental footprint and hope to inspire others to do the same. As part our continued efforts, we have partnered with Clark Public Utilities, Bonneville Environmental Foundation, EPA, and the Renewable Project, among others.