Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Summary of Financial Results Briefing for the First Half ended September 30,2018
Financial Data for the Second Quarter Ended September 30, 2018
to make aggressive new investment in photomask blanks
You must install software that enables your computer to read files. To install 
Products and R&History
Striving to Strengthen Existing Businesses and
We are pleased to report our results for the fiscal year ended March 2018 to our shareholders. We achieved record-high profits as well as our eighth consecutive year of income growth by making every effort across our businesses. Shintech Inc., a subsidiary, significantly contributed to the record-high profits. Additionally, the semiconductor silibusiness notably boosted its results by capturing strong demand. The silicones business performed at a high level by focusing on growing sales worldwide.
Our basic dividend policy is to return the results of our businesses appropriately to our shareholders. We decided on a cash dividend of ¥140 per share for the fiscal year ended March 2018, which is a ¥20 increase from the previous year, and our third consecutive year of increased dividend payments. 
The Group continues to exert every effort to maximize our corporate value, and among these efforts we have placed a top priority on profit growth. Currently, the global economic environment is undergoing dramatic changes and is becoming more and more uncertain. Therefore, to maintain stable growth, we shall continue reinforcing our existing businesses to build a profit structure not overly dependent on any specific sector.
We have focused on our core businesses,“ PVC”,“ semiconductor silicon” and “silicones” as they have been our group's pillars of growth and have continued to exhibit our strengths in each market. However, in order to achieve even greater growth going forward, we need to strengthen each and every business. To this end, we are committed to what we do best by maintaining our basic principles, including quick decision-making, aggressive investment and the dispersion of risks.
is a general-purpose resin. It is considered very hard to differentiate in terms of profitability. However, Shintech has achieved remarkable profitability in the industry and stable profit growth. This is due to the unceasing efforts made over many years, including innovation in manufacturing equipment, full production and full sales, a streamlined and lean organizational structure, punctual delivery and proactive expansions by capturing growing global demand of Now Shintech is building a new plant that will produce ethylene, one of the key raw materials of This will further reinforce Shintech’s integrated production process starting from raw materials, and will strengthen its position as the world’s largest manufacturer. As this case shows, we continue striving to reinforce our existing businesses to raise the level of profitability still further.
In addition to strengthening our existing businesses, it is also necessary to develop new businesses in order to ensure our future growth. We understand the importance of developing new businesses by effectively utilizing our resources. Therefore, we are developing new products in fields where we can apply our technologies and expertise that have been cultivated through our existing businesses and are focusing on commercializing such products.
Based on these efforts, our targets in all business fields shall be higher, and we aim to be the global leader in our respective businesses. We shall also endeavor to maximize our corporate value by structuring a balanced business portfolio and achieving the continuous growth of the Group.
We are grateful to you for your support and understanding of our businesses.
year ago, mentioned to you that comparing the earnings for the last fiscal year (FY2016) with those in the fiscal year of April to March 2008, when we had a record profit, the recovery had been slightly over 80% and we were executing and planning on various initiatives to reach and exceed the record earnings. am very pleased to inform you that in this fiscal year (FY2017) we not only closed the 20% gap but also renewed the record earnings.
In FY2017 we grew the sales turnover by 13.5% over the year before (FY2016) on a local currency basis and 16.5% on a Japanese yen denominated basis. Each of the business segments achieved top-line and bottom-line growth. We worked diligently to meet our customers’ increasing needs throughout our operations. In the process, we also worked on pricing for our products so as to have prices more properly reflect value the products provide. The initiatives and efforts certainly contributed to yet another and strong double-digit increase in earnings segmentally and companywide. We increased the operating income by 41.2% to ¥336.8 billion, income before income taxes by 40.5% to ¥340.3 billion and net income by 51.3% to ¥266.2 billion. Since March, 2010, the cumulative growth in earnings was ¥213.3 billion on a pretax basis and ¥182.4 billion on an after tax basis, which equates a compound annual growth rate of 13.1% and 15.5%, respectively.
We succeeded in raising return on invested capital (ROIC) by 4.2 percent point to 18.2% and return on equity (ROE) by 3.4 percent point to 11.9%. We increased the annual dividend by 20 yen to 140 yen for FY2017. In this last May, we retired our treasury stocks in an amount equal to 1% of the outstanding shares. refer you to segmental earnings, in comparison with the FY2007.
We now have more balanced earnings profile than before. We are leveraging what we accomplished in this last fiscal year to raise the earnings. It is not an easy task but we are challenging ourselves to it, as we speak. We have been very busy running all the plants worldwide. We do so with our strong commitment to safety and quality. We have 20,000 motivated and dedicated people working day in day out to deliver our commitments. We invest in our employees through managerial interactions, various training programs and career development opportunities. 
While we are vigorously and attentively serving our customers' growing needs for our products, we are being engaged in a growing list of capital projects. We forecast the amount of capital investments will be 250 billion yen in FY2018, about 40% greater than FY2017. The breakdown of the forecast by segment in comparison with last year is as follows:
Our technical and engineering expertise is the backbone of our operation. Coupled with our employees’ commitment to safety and quality, it enables us to deliver quality products consistently in a timely manner.
Our research and development activities are on the rise. We invested ¥51.7 billion or 3.6% of the yearly sales in the FY2017. Roughly twenty-five thousand products were newly developed and/or qualified and 2,182 patents were granted. More than thirty percent of our revenue comes from patent-advantaged product sales. Our researchers are eager to devise solutions for our customers. Our R&efficiency measured by ratio of operating income for recent five year period to R&expenses for five year period prior to the period is very high among peers.
Our product portfolio and developmental direction are in line with SDGs. We are mindful of SDGs. Our product offerings facilitate the achievement thereof and SDGs will help our business in turn. For instance, our silicone products are widely used in applications which help reduce greenhouse gas effects. To give you another example, we have been working on developing materials for batteries. Such initiatives will reduce consumption of fossil fuels, which will result in better availability and affordability of raw materials for our operations.
We commit to apply, improve and innovate what we have throughout our operation to help advance our society. Our products are building blocks for industries, societies and human life. Through our products, we continue to strive to present solutions and ideas so that we can make difference in everyone’s life.
In order for this great company to continue to do what it has been able to do for our customers, our shareholders and communities we are in, the company will have to grow. We are working on various initiatives to broaden our business portfolio and expand our footprints. We will remain focused on our customers and their needs to be relevant to them, will remain committed to governance to be relevant to our shareholders and will remain responsible to be relevant to our communities.
sincerely thank our shareholders for your confidence and support, our customers for their business and partnership and our team for their commitment to our high standards.
Our R&challenge - creating original ideas to turn today's dreams into tomorrow's reality
Without new challenges a company cannot grow. values the power of R&as an important asset that leads as we carve a path into the future. While asking ourselves, "What do our customers need now?" and "What is the market looking for?" we continuously engage in research and development to fulfill present demands. All the while we are actively pursuing further research to raise the quality and production efficiency of our previously developed products.
The Triangular Link: Sales, R&and Production
Chemical's R&is being directed in a way that closely suits our customers' needs. What makes this possible is Shin-Etsu's R&system, which integrates business, development and production. Market demands generated by our business activities are relayed to our development divisions, where they are used to establish research themes. The development divisions follow these themes as they progress. At the same time they maintain close ties with the manufacturing divisions and conduct practical R&aimed at utilizing our plants and facilities for mass production. In order to do this efficiently, has established R&centers at each plant, which ties them in closely with each business and manufacturing division.
In conducting our R&D, we focus on original themes. Our first goal with these themes is to meet the next generation of needs and, secondly, show originality in doing something that has never been attempted. Some of these carefully selected themes have led to the invention of new materials that we were the first to mass produce. These materials have solved problems in various industrial fields by providing unique properties and excellent functionalities, while leading to industry-changing breakthroughs. We will continue to take on the challenge of developing new materials wherever the need exists.
Products and Research and Development History
Production of vinyl acetate and polyvinyl alcohol starts
Start of manufacture of high-purity yttrium and other 
Epoxy molding compounds developed
Silinitride powder developed
Cast iron wire inoculation agent developed
Lithium tantalate (LT) developed
Materials for flexible printed circuit boards developed
Preform manufacturing for optical fiber begins
300mm siliwafer production initiated
New high-performance technology for neodymium rare earth magnets developed
 complying with the RoDirective developed
Leading-edge photomask blanks developed with Toppan Printing
2008 The world’s largest class permanent magnet-type magnetic circuit developed
Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Environmental, Safety and Relations with society
The Corporate Profile 2018 video that introduces the businesses of the Group is now available for viewing on this website. The contents of the video are: (1)a summary of businesses of the Group (such as data, etc.), (2)an introduction of company products by business segment, and (3) an outline of future-oriented company activities, such as R&activities. The Corporate Profile video was produced in a way that the contents are quite easy-to-understand. We would be most pleased if you would take the time to watch this informative video.
Nagano Prefecture's plentiful water give birth to electric power and the limestone that came from Niigata Prefecture was a key raw material, which was called, "Oyashirazu's great earth."
Because of the presence of these two gifts of nature, Nitrogen Fertilizer Co., Ltd. was founded on September, 1926 to manufacture fertilizer and limestone nitrogen. The history of Co., Ltd. began from this point.The company's "Shin" comes from Shinano and "Etsu" is taken from Echigo.
This is a new corporate symbol that visually represents the future image of the Group which are pursuing.
The corporate symbol is an integration of images representing "high technology","high quality","dynamism","challenging spirit", and "flexibility".
The "light" in the center represents the "activating source" that links the "potential of the earth" with "people's ambitions". It also represents the advanced technology that will lead to future expansion and new values. The Group, whose aim is to become a world leader, has named this symbol the "Memorable Glow", in the hope of shining eternally.
chronology of the establishment of Shin-Etsu's global network
First facility of today's 
Research Center was changed to
The first phase construction completed at the No.1 Plant   at Plaquemine of Shintech.
The second phase construction completed at the No.1 Plant   at Plaquemine of Shintech.
The construction completed at the No.2 Plant at Plaquemine of Shintech.
Asia Silicones Monomer Limited to become a wholly owned Group Company
Shintech Inc. announced plans for the construction of an ethylene production plant.
Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Environmental, Safety and Relations with society
 > Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Environmental, Safety and Relations with society
Semiconductor encapsulating materials
Profit attributable to 
Profit attributable to owners of parent
Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Environmental, Safety and Relations with society
Our goal - to be your best partner by always supplying the highest quality products
considers it extremely important as a materials producer to provide a stable supply of high-quality products. High purity and cleanliness are demanded from many of the products we deliver. 
To supply cutting-edge materials, our quality control technology and system must also be cutting-edge. 
To fulfill these kinds of high-level needs, is introducing the latest analytical equipment and developing its own original quality control system, while, at the same time, building a management system to enforce this function continuously and effectively. 
As our customers' best partner, we always provide a stable supply of quality products.
Chemical's adherence to quality control rooted in receipt of Deming Prize.
began tackling "QC" at the relatively early date of 1950, and went to work to establish quality control methods. Then, after a mere three years, it received the Deming Prize in 1953 for its efforts. The company received an appraisal from Dr. Deming himself as having "the world's highest level" of statistical quality control. Since then, has worked to develop new products while developing a system and technology to maintain and improve the quality of our previously developed products. Since 1987, when the International Standards Organization (ISO) set forth the 9000 Series of international standards for evaluation of management systems, the Group has received 9000 certification at almost all of its production facilities. In addition, Shin-Estu is regularly executing quality audits of each facility's products. We are meeting the needs of the times through unflagging pursuit of quality control.
9001 Certification of the Group(44kb)
Meeting customer's high-level needs with Shin-Etsu's Six Sigma program
, a quality control method based on statistical analysis of data which is targeted at reducing the percentage of faulty products, is attracting a great deal of attention as a new management initiative to improve quality. 
started its Six Sigma program in 2000. Shin-Etsu's Six Sigma program fuses the company's past experiences with the concepts and methods of Six Sigma. It is already steadily achieving good results.
will continue to improve quality control levels using diverse approaches, as it strives to meet the high-level needs of its customers. At the same time, will promote the raising of each and every staff members' consciousness about product quality and endeavor to enhance the productivity of all personnel.
The word "Six Sigma" is a statistical measure of faulty parts per million pieces manufactured. It refers to both products and business processes. The concept of Six Sigma signifies the attainment of a nearly perfect high-quality control level of 99.999997 percent, meaning that there are only 3.4 defects per million parts. This level has emerged as the benchmark for high quality-fewer than 3.5 defects per million.
Major Bases of Operation / Worldwide Network
Environmental, Safety and Relations with society
The management principle of Co., Ltd. and its group companies (hereinafter referred to as the “Group”) is to conduct fair business practices in compliance with all laws and regulations. The purpose of the Supplier Hotline is to ensure the transparency and fairness of transactions between the Group and its business partners and thereby maintain and develop our business relationship.
The Group confirms the facts based on the details of reports and takes appropriate measures. We may request that persons making reports (hereinafter referred to as the “reporters”)cooperate with us in order that we may confirm the facts, investigate, and carry out other tasks.
The personal information of reporters will be strictly handled and be used only for the purpose of confirming the reported facts, conducting investigation and so on.
