80% of transactions across the globe are made in cash. 
Because of this universality, it is crucial to safeguard cash integrity and maintain user confidence for a healthy functioning society and economy.
With identity documents and security documents exposed to frequent handling, security inks need to be increasingly resistant to fulfil their role as...
offers a full portfolio of globally-proven security inks and solutions catered to different levels of authentication. These inks are a...
As members of the International Currency Association (ICA), announce the launch of the first conference – Global Currency Forum – in...
 have in common? These 3 countries are among those having successfully deployed secure excise 
On track towards full implantation of a new 
 system - via a unique chemical marker capable of being embedded at a molecular level to petroleum products such as gasoline, diesel and kerosene. 
As members of the International Currency Association (ICA), announce the launch of the first conference – Global Currency Forum – in...
The growth in the illicit trade in tobacco products remains a worrying worldwide phenomenon as it provides an enduring source of funding for...
congratulates Parties to the Protocol on the conclusion of their first Meeting in Geneva which took place from 8 to 10 October....
Intergraf’s Security Printers connects technological innovators and institutional end users since 1976. Leading executives of security...
Our student & graduate programs offer an exciting start to an enriching career. As part of our young talent team, you will gain new knowledge and develop skills in various business and technical fields.
Our employees are fundamental to our success. With multiple career paths in material and digital security technologies and other business management functions, we seek professionals willing to bring a wealth of expertise, innovation and creativity to our business.
Wonder what it's like to work at SICPA? Meet & hear from our People, the driving force in our quest to make the world a safer and more secure place for all.
Security inks for banknotes
Pharma Serialization System 
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
have read and accept the terms of the
Every day, governments, companies and millions of people rely on us to protect the integrity and value of their currency, personal identity, products and brands.
We innovate continually to enable trust by developing reliable, secure and technologically advanced solutions and services for identification, traceability and authentication. Making the world more secure for its citizens is our business purpose and what motivates our people.
We are a trusted security provider and adviser to governments, security banks, high security printers and industry – providing secured identification, traceability and authentication solutions and services.
Sustainability is at the core of It is part of our heritage, values and vision.
Our approach towards sustainability is embedded in the way we conduct business and how it impacts economies, society and the environment. It is based on the following key pillars: our markets, our people, environment and communities.
Excellence at We serve our clients and partners in a spirit of mutual confidence, tirelessly anticipating their ever changing security needs and proposing intelligent solutions – supporting public and private efforts to build a better and safer world.
In strict compliance with legislation, regulations and other applicable requirements, uses a management framework that meets high standard requirements.
Security inks for banknotes
Pharma Serialization System 
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
have read and accept the terms of the
Today, is owned and managed by the third generation of the Amon family, which embodies the company's values of excellence and entrepreneurship with the same pioneering spirit and sense of responsibility of their father and grandfather.
Throughout its history, has dedicated itself to helping governments, central banks, high-security printers and industry find comprehensive solutions to widespread security issues.
In a world where no document or product is immune to counterfeiting, alteration or smuggling, our business has expanded from protecting most of the world’s currency to providing secured identification, traceability and authentication solutions and services.
SPARK® Live creates new dynamics of optical security. SPARK® feature is used in more than 40 countries for the protection of banknotes and documents.
Progressive release of the euro series “Europa” (5€ in 2013; 10€ in 2014) with security inks and features.
Implementation of SICPATRACE® for example in Morocco (tobacco, alcohol and soft drink products), in Massachusetts (tobacco products), in Albania (tobacco, alcohol and pharmaceutical products), in Georgia (tobacco and alcohol products) and in Kenya (alcohol and tobacco products).
Acquisition in the United States
acquires US-based Meyercord Revenue Inc to strengthen its position in the tax stamp market in North America.
First dynamic colour-shifting ink, SPARK®, applied on banknotes.
1st SPARK® ink technology applied on banknotes: in China to celebrate the Olympic Games and in Kazakhstan to mark the 15th anniversary of the national currency.
Turkey and Brazil are the first countries to implement a secure product identification, traceability and tax reconciliation system – SICPATRACE®.
Launched in 2007 and exclusively designed to meet the specific needs of governments, SICPATRACE® is a multiproduct, multifunctional solution that integrates product authentication, production monitoring and secure track & trace functions. Implemented in various countries, these production-monitoring systems secure products and support government legislation to successfully fight counterfeiting, illicit trade and tax evasion.
Divestment of packaging ink business to focus on security inks and integrated security solutions.
was one of the world’s biggest producers of printing inks for the packaging industry, operating branches and production plants in 36 countries all around the globe.
In 2001, Product Security Division is established. Development and supply of integrated product authentication and traceability solutions to governments and brand owners.
Since then and in response to the massive increase in the illicit trade of goods and industrial counterfeiting, has developed a strong position as creator of integrated product authentication and traceability solutions for governments and brand owners. These solutions combine material-based security ink technology with information-based secure tracking & tracing technology.
Participation in the development of the first series of euro notes. will then provide security inks for the new euro launched in January 2002.
In the 1980s and 1990s, expanded further in Europe and Asia. The company created OVI®, a colour-shifting ink and anti-copying security technology which has become a reference in the industry.
First contract with the USA.
First ink supply contract with the Bureau of Engraving and Printing.
Development of new generations of water-wiping inks and non-setoff intaglio inks as well as inks and varnishes for offset printing. Expansion in North America and South America.
SICPA’s standards of print quality and security ink properties are adopted by Interpol.
On its own initiative, defined standards for the print quality and the chemical and physical resistance of the inks in order to ensure that printed banknotes were suitable for circulation in the most demanding climatic and cultural conditions. This work, monitored by the Lausanne University Institute of Criminology, was endorsed by Interpol in 1969. The norms it established were adopted by banknote printers worldwide and are still valid today.
Established pan-European operating presence; development of intaglio security inks.
In the 1950s and 1960s the company expanded in Europe and overseas, almost exclusively focused on the production of printing inks. Its research in ink chemistry and formulation enabled to supply new intaglio security inks for currencies and to establish quality standards.
First security inks applied on the Spanish peseta.
produced its first supplies of security inks in the 1940s for the Spanish peseta banknotes. Under the leadership of Maurice's son, Albert Amon (1916-2010), the company earned a reputation for stability based on a long-term vision.
gifted and charismatic communicator, Albert Amon succeeded in forging long-term partnerships with industry leaders and is recognised as one of the pioneers who raised the security inks industry from the banknote-crafting model of the 1950s to its current level of professionalisation and sophistication.
is founded by Maurice Amon in Lausanne, Switzerland
Founded by Maurice Amon (1880-1959), the Swiss company started by supplying the agricultural and food industries with its main product, a special fat used in the milking of cows. The quality of Swiss milk and cream was already internationally appreciated and used in Switzerland’s famous chocolate and cheeses. Originally meaning “Société Industrielle et Commerciale de Produits Alimentaires” (Industrial and Commercial Food Products Company), the acronym was subsequently used as the company name.
Supporting governments and companies in the fight against illicit trade of hydrocarbon products
Hydrocarbon and products especially fuels, are highly profitable commodities. They represent an attractive source of revenue for fraudsters and organised crime, sometimes linked to terrorist organisations. Indeed, as untaxed high quality fuels are often illegally introduced into the supply chain, governments suffer significant loss of various duties. The illicit trade of hydrocarbon products also includes adulteration which means fuels are of substandard quality, may irreversibly damage engines, pollute the environment and harm citizen health.
SICPA’s Integrity Management Solution (IMS) combines advanced fuel marking technologies with a sophisticated platform helping governments and OMCs (Oil Marketing Companies) to fully track, trace and monitor the distribution of hydrocarbon products and to quickly detect illicit activities through advanced machine learning algorithms.
Our solution allows governments and OMC’s to:
Restore a level-playing field and increase tax collection: by effectively detecting typical frauds (such as smuggling, under-declaration, tapping, dumping, adulteration and dilution) and generating court-admissible evidence for prosecuting the offenders.
Reduce dilution and adulteration frauds: by monitoring the distribution of fuels down to gas stations, and by detecting possible dilution and adulteration with products which emanate from unauthorised suppliers, often of substandard quality.
The unique features and capabilities of are:
Secure and non-washable markers: embedded at the molecular level, the markers are impossible to remove, do not change the fuel’s characteristics and are extremely stable for long periods of time. Resistant to light, heat and extreme conditions, they are adapted to all types of fuel without harming the environment and affecting vehicles performance.
Secure marker supply chain: is the preferred partner of the vast majority of Central Banks to deliver security inks used on banknotes and value documents. We employ the same level of security measures to ensure that the marker’s procurement is protected from possible fraud and tampering.
Qualitative and quantitative mobile analyser: the analyser is capable of quickly delivering precise qualitative and quantitative results. It can be fitted into a standard vehicle and on-the-spot analyses can be performed directly at depots and gas stations, providing field-admissible evidence without requiring further forensic analysis.
Limited and traceable human intervention: reduces to a minimum (and monitors) any human intervention that might be required, both for injection and analysis activities. Precise injections of fuel marker are performed through automation, ensuring the integrity of the whole solution.
Data-driven decision making: unlike other fuel marking solutions, field audits draw not only on the distribution of fuel marking activities but are enriched with data from a variety of sources and processed by machine learning algorithms to trigger targeted field audits.
Embedded video for Oil and Gas Integrity Management  > Description (previous revision)
is a digital tax stamp management system supplied to government authorities for nation-wide control of production, import, export, and...
What do Kenya, Georgia and Ecuador have in common? These 3 countries are among those having successfully deployed secure excise tax stamps programs...
participates in several events per year around the world.
Contact For more information about and our solutions please contact us.
Security inks for banknotes
Pharma Serialization System 
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
have read and accept the terms of the
