Watch the fun short video above or see more of our Product and videos.
VORAGO's patented HARDSIL® is designed to improve the robustness of bulk devices to both radiation and high temperature effects.
See the markets and applications where products are solving customer problems today.
Enter your email address to stay up to date with VORAGO's latest events and announcements.
Bernd Lienhard is the Chief Executive Officer of Technologies and brings more than 25 years of global semiconductor experience to the company.  He leads the company's business strategy, P&management, development, engineering, sales and marketing as well as operations.
Immediately prior to joining VORAGO, Bernd was the Corporate Vice President and General Manager of the Client Business Unit at Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD). Before AMD, Bernd served as Vice President and General Manager of both the Networking Processor and Multimedia Application Divisions at Freescale Semiconductor. Bernd has also held leadership roles at Conexant Systems, Inc., Infineon Technologies, Siemens Semiconductor and Siemens Defense Electronics. He holds a degree in electrical engineering from Munich University of Applied Science in Germany.
Senior Vice President of Operations & Quality, Technologies
Garry Nash is the Senior Vice President of Operations & Quality at Technologies where he has led the alignment of operations in such areas as Quality, Procurement, Logistics, Project Management and Global Supply Chain Management since 2013. He has more than 30 years of semiconductor leadership experience in the areas of Quality & Supply Chain Management, Reliability, Operations & Process/Product Engineering.  Prior to joining VORAGO, Garry worked for as Vice President of Global Quality & Supplier Engineering and also served as Vice President of Automotive Product Engineering.  His previous positions include Corporate Quality Operations Systems Director for Logic, Director of Quality Assurance for Sony Semiconductor, Quality Assurance Manager for AMD, and Front End Process Control Manager for United Technologies  Garry earned a in Business Management from the University of North Texas.
Vice President of and Engineering, Technologies
David Gifford is Vice President of and Engineering at Technologies. He has been leading VORAGO's memory development projects over the last five years, which entails providing technical leadership on all SRAM, and non-volatile product definition and development, performance and radiation testing and project management.
Prior to joining VORAGO, David was the Senior Manager of Process Architecture at Samsung Austin Semiconductor (SAS). While there, he successfully led multiple and product transfers from Korea to the Austin, fabrication facility, became a founding member of Samsung Austin Semiconductor’s Statistical Process Control Steering Committee, and was twice recognized for his outstanding achievements – including the President’s Award in 1998 and Samsung Electronics Corporation Employee of the Year in 2000. Before Samsung, David held positions with Sony, and Honeywell. He is certified as a Black Belt in Samsung’s Six Sigma Quality program and earned his Bachelor of Science in Physics from the University of Colorado Boulder.
Kevin Klein, Ph.D.
Vice President and General Manager of Products & Licensing, Technologies
Kevin Klein is the Vice President and General Manager of Products and Licensing at and is responsible for shaping and driving the company's product and licensing offerings, and leading product marketing, product management and technical marketing.  
With 30 years of experience in the field of Semiconductors, Kevin brings a diverse background that ranges from engineering and R&through product development, to marketing, licensing and finance. Kevin most recently held senior positions at Freescale Semiconductor, driving the financial analysis of the company’s product portfolio, and its licensing and strategy, and its microcontroller portfolio. Kevin holds an and Ph.from the University of Texas at Austin, from the University of Texas at Dallas, and a Physics from Texas A&University.
Patrice Parris, Ph.D.
Patrice is Chief Officer for and is responsible for the company’s technological vision and the continued development of its groundbreaking and patented HARDSIL® technology. This includes guiding future application for across foundries, partners and customers. He also represents the company on its Technical Advisory Board (TAB) and is a key spokesperson and thought leader.
With over 24 years in the Semiconductor field, Patrice has led technical organizations and been a part of core teams focused on developing next-generation technologies. In the course of his career he’s had 61 patents issued in SMARTPower, and More-than-Moore and BJT-based devices. Prior to Technologies, he was most recently a Master Innovator and Distinguished Member of the Technical Staff at and Freescale, and also held numerous roles at Motorola. He holds Ph.D., and degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT, and in Physics from MIT.
For additional information please contact at info@voragotech.com
Enter your email address to stay up to date with VORAGO's latest events and announcements.
.Technologies is a privately held, fabless semiconductor company founded in 2004 and based in Austin, is a provider of radiation-hardened and extreme temperature-hardened components for the Hi-rel marketplace. designs and develops high density SRAMs and MCUs using its patented HARDSIL® to simultaneously provide superior radiation and temperature endurance performance. also provides custom design services.
VORAGO's patented, innovative technology, HARDSIL®, has been proven in multiple process generations at multiple fabs to harden integrated circuits without redesign and is scalable to any generation node. Once modified by HARDSIL®, the commercial process flow can be used to manufacture significantly more robust circuits for highly reliable operation in extreme environments. This capability dramatically enhances the hardness and reliability of high density ICs and provides a disruptive alternative to current hi-rel approaches utilizing up-screened COTS, redundant systems, or exotic packaging.
Incorporating their patented HARDSIL® into their own designs and several Texas Instruments products spanning multiple process generations, has successfully demonstrated superior hardening in a number of devices including high density SRAMs and DSPs. Because the is applied at the process-level, no performance, power or circuit size trade-offs are required. As a result, hardened components for extreme environments are now within reach for system designers; a solution with the highest performance in reduced form factors while using much less power.
Partnering with Texas Instruments, Technologies introduced its first product, a QML-V, space-qualified rad hard 16Mb SRAM, during 2012. This product is the only rad-hard offering to combine superior radiation hardening with no trade-offs in performance.
Now also partnering with GLOBALFOUNDRIES, is developing new products incorporating HARDSIL® to provide an expanding product portfolio for extreme environment electronic applications.
Enter your email address to stay up to date with VORAGO's latest events and announcements.
