Our Assembly Services are designed to do one thing: make your out-sourcing more efficient and complete.
Our Testing Services offer our customers with the very latest testing solutions
is one of the major leading wafer bumping service providers in the world.
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2018
It Is Approved By That The Shares of Industrial Holding Co., Ltd. Will Be Listed On April 30, 2018 And Shares of Will Be Delisted On The Same Day
Board of Directors Resolved the Effective Date of the Share Exchange between and ASE
Established in May 1984, Co., Ltd. has become one of the leading providers of comprehensive semiconductor assembly and test services. posted annual sales of US$2.75 billion in 2017 and currently employs around 24,000 people worldwide.
Our Vision is to Excel as World Class Leading Provider of Assembly and Test.  Our Core value consists of mission and philosophy...
has been dedicated to semiconductor back-end industry when it was founded in 1984. We continue to maintain                         our market leading position by steadily increasing capital spending                         while outperforming all other competitors. To serve and support our                         customer's manufacturing needs, maintains business service offices                         in China, Europe, Japan, North America and Taiwan...
This audit management specification is established        to execute audits within the company, in order to detect problems early,        to have management respond to defects properly, to generate improvement        proposals, and to follow up on corrective actions. It ensures that the manufacturing        system continues to run effectively, that total quality is continuously        improving, as well as, to strengthen the competitiveness of the company.
According to authority’s regulation, internal audit organization analyzes internal and external environment changes to form an annual audit plan. After board of director’s approval, the plan will be executed. Non-periodical audit will be implemented if necessary.
Backend packaging turnkey solutions provider that include wafer bumping, wafer sort, assembly and testing.
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2018
It Is Approved By That The Shares of Industrial Holding Co., Ltd. Will Be Listed On April 30, 2018 And Shares of Will Be Delisted On The Same Day
Board of Directors Resolved the Effective Date of the Share Exchange between and ASE
The resolution of SPIL’s First Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 2018
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter of 2017
The Proxy Statement which filed to the SEC
Board of Directors Resolved to Hold The Extraordinary General Meeting
and signed a Supplemental Agreement to Joint Share Exchange Agreement to extend the Long Stop Date of Joint Share Exchange
and Received All Anti-Trust Approvals for their Combination and the Establishment of Industrial Holding Co., Ltd.
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the Third Quarter of 2017
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the Second Quarter of 2017
Shareholders Approved NT$ 1.75 Cash Dividend
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter of 2017
Announced the Nomination of Directors and Independent Directors
Reports Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the Fourth Quarter of 2016
 Excel as World Class Leading Provider of Assembly and Test. 
consists of mission and philosophy.
 Win Customers' Confidence and Create the High-Tech Future.
To meet the domestic environmental regulations and comply with all international environmental requirements. 
To move from the pollution control in production operations and activities to source management and prohibit or restrict the use of environmentally hazardous substances in materials. 
To mitigate the negative impact on the environment by devoting ourselves to increasing the energy efficiency and reducing the pollutant emission and the resource consumption.
To implement 14001  international environmental management system in 1999. All facilities have passed  certification. In 2016, all facilities in Taiwan passed the newest edition of the ISO14001: 2015 certification.
To conduct the Water Foot Print verification to a designated product by third party in 2014.
In 2016, Changhua Facility achieve the Development Bureau certification  for  clean production.
Received 2017 Enterprises Environmental Protection Award(Changhua Facility).
In 2017, building of Zhong Ke facility passed the certification of Green Building Labeling System.
Set up appropriate air pollution control equipment based on different flue gases for achieving the best performances of reducing exhaust pollutants. 
Implement a strict periodic equipment maintenance plan to assure stable operation and that the exhausts meet the regulatory laws.
Reduce the emission of VOCs(Volatile Organic Compounds) about               20 tons per year by adding an air pollution control equipment in 2010.
has continued to improve the air pollution treatment, and the reduction of VOCs was over 63 tons in 2017.
Design and install different treatment processes according to the properties of different wastewater for better efficiency of wastewater treatment. 
Set a stricter effluent limit which is lower than the limit regulated by government. 
Equip the wastewater treatment plant (WWTP) with different kinds of monitors and implement a periodic wastewater and effluent self-analysis for benefiting from the alert mechanism.
has continued to increase the efficiency of wastewater treatment, and the reduction of organic pollutants discharge was over 107 tons in 2017.
Recover discharges from the recyclable water such as pure water system and the condensed water from the cooling system for air condition...etc. to better use the water resource.
The amount of water reuse was over 2,229,000 tons in 2017.
To reduce 20% water usage for each produced based on the usage of 2011 as baseline by 2021.
Wastes are to be recycled and/or reused as much as possible under the regulations of laws. 
The wastes, which are not recyclable or reusable, are shipped to an 
incinerator plant to minimize the volume and to generate power, or are disposed by landfill. 
Continuously improve the collection of waste solvent in our manufacturing process to reduce the amount of waste liquid and look for practicable recycle technology to add the amount of recycled and/or reused waste.
will continually improve solid waste management, and the recycling rate can be expected to reach to a new high level.
The company has established annual audit plan for waste transportation and treatment vendors. Conduct regular or irregular audits of regulatory compliance.
In 2017, to conduct the waste reduction plan and reduce the amount of 1,196 tons industrial waste.
Continually increase the energy efficiency to reduce the power consumption and the release of green house gas(GHG).
Conduct annual emission inventory since 2005. Since 2010 the annual inventory data has been verified by third party who following 14061-1 verification standards.
Join to the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) since 2007. In 2017,Climate Change Scoring Level:Leadership.
To conduct the 2050 (the inventory of Product Carbon Footprint emissions) verification to a designated product by third party in 2011.
Installed solar panel for the capacity of 9.7 kilowatt in 2012.
have conducted the 50001 Energy Management System certification since 2013, all facilities in Taiwan pass the certification in 2016.
Implemented various energy conservation programs in 2017. Total electricity conservation was 42,142 kilowatts and electricity conservation results reached 5.2%, which exceeded the basic electricity conservation objective of 5%.
To reduce 10% electricity consumption for each produced based on the consumption of 2011 as baseline by 2021.
Implement safety and health management based on the domestic regulations and international occupational safety and health management system.
Conduct hazardous identification and risk assessment in our operation and activities and strengthen training and education for all employees.
Arrange annual physical examinations for employees and working place environmental tests following the applicable regulations and laws to monitor and control the possible hazard and risk in workplaces.
Pass the 18001 and CNS15506 (Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management System) certification in 2004 and 2008.
Received five stars of excellent health organization, Labor Safety and Health, Ministry of Labor.
Frequency-Severity Indicator was 0.03, which is far lower than the industry average of 0.08.
8. International requirements on environmental protection
Keep consciously watching the change of international requirements on environmental protection, besides the environmental requirements of the electronic and the semiconductor industries.
Do our best with existing technologies to meet international requirements.
Not to use CFCs in assembly processes to meet the requirements of the Montreal protocols.
Reduce the operation duration of the boiler, which is operated to produce steam for clean room, based on the environmental humidity to cut the emission of carbon dioxide, and to meet the requirements of the Kyoto Climate Protocol.
Select qualified contractors to ship and to treat the wastes from daily operations in order to minimize the treatments outside of Taiwan and to meet the requirements of the Basel Convention.
Policy / Policy 1) Comply with regulations: Work under the guidelines of both domestic and international regulations and standards, Hazardous Substances Management and other requirements.
2) Conserve resources and minimize wastes: Elevate the efficiency of energy usage. Participate in developing green energy to reduce greenhouses gas emissions. Reduce industrial wastes, implement resource recycling, and promote circular economy to use resources effectively. Continue to develop  green production and conform to the request of Hazardous Substances Management.
3) Prevent hazard: Implement risk assessment and emergency response. Improve processes in production, prevent possible occupational injury and illness, and promote the physical and mental health programs for employees. Establish high quality working environment. Reduce the use of hazardous substances and negative impacts on employees and environmental.
4) Continue improvements: Sustain in improving the and Hazardous Substances Management. Enhance and Hazardous Substances Management performance. Mitigate environmental impact and reduce risk of hazard.
5) Promote communication: Promote the and Hazardous Substances Management awareness for employees through education and consultation. Communicate and consult the related parties, such as employees, their representatives, suppliers, subcontractors, etc., the and Hazardous Substances Management requirements to ensure employees and their representatives being available and having resources to participate in activities of management system implementation to promote and Hazardous Substances Management performance.
Supply Chain Security Policy 1) Adherence of Legal Regulations: Comply with laws and regulations, and implement the procedure control to meet the supply chain’s security requirement.
2) Establish Security System: Implement risk assessment and construct internal operations and external supply chain security management system to reduce potential risks.
3) Implementation of Security Management: Enforce the security training and advocacy to enhance staff awareness of self-management. Review and improve safety measures and encourage participation to show the corporate security culture.
4) Continuous Security Improvements: Perform the risk audit and periodic review to continuously improve and ensure the applicability and effectiveness of the management system to enhance the security performance of supply chain.
Acording to the Company Act of Republic of China, Securities and Exchange Act, and related
In greenhouse gas management issues, started to implement greenhouse gas inventory since
Electrical Engineering, National Taipei Institute of Technology
Master of Electrical Engineering, Arizona State University, USA
Industrial Engineering and Management, National Taiwan University of Science and Technology
Director, Operation Supporting Division of  Orient Semiconductor Electronics, Ltd. 
of Accounting and Information Technology, National Chung Cheng University
Vice President of Finance of Mobiletron Electronics Co., Ltd. 
Master of Industrial Engineering, National Tsing Hua University
We care about employees' health, so a physical examination program is held annually to help employees realize their own health condition.
Provide multiple health promotion activities under the great support of General Manager and high-level cadres, and based on the
results of employee physical examination, questionnaire survey results and industry characteristics, Division, Human
Resources Division and Welfare Committee plan and handle "Multiple health promotion activities". Pursuit to create a healthy,
harmonious and safe working environment, ultimately promote the health and balance of colleagues work and life. Da Fong Facility
received the Health Management Award of Excellent Healthy Workplace from the Health Promotion Administration, Ministry of Health
arranges physicians for on-site visit every month, and provides online reservation mechanism for the convenience.
In addition, arranges physicians to production line to provide medical consultation service.
In order to help colleagues solving problems of physical and psychological pressure to devote to work, improve productivity,
using internal and external resources to handle the "Employee assistance programs" (EAP), including "physical and
psychological pressure" and "healthy" , to help employees maintain personal health, improve the quality of work and life.
