 is offered through Aetna of California with the option of either HMO/or Kaiser You are eligible the first of the month following your date of hire. All plans have an office visit co-pay of $15. SiGen covers 90% employee and 80% of dependent premium costs.
 is offered through Aetna Dental. You are eligible the first of the month following your date of hire. We cover 90% employee  and 80% of dependent premium costs.
 is provided through Vision Service Plan (VSP). You are eligible the first of the month following your date of hire. SiGen covers 100% employee only costs and 80% of dependent premium costs. An employee and each of their covered dependents will pay a $10 co-pay for the exam and our plan covers $120.00 of the cost of glasses, frames, and/or contact lenses. The exam, glasses, and/or contact lens benefit is available every 12 months.
 This benefit is paid 100% by SiGen. Long-term disability covers an employee against either physical or mental disability. You are eligible the first month of your date of hire. In the event that you are disabled due to illness, after 8 days Reliance Standard Insurance Company will pay the benefit of 66 2/3% of your salary.
 SiGen provides employees with a 401(k) plan, offered through Morgan Stanley. To date this is an employee only contribution plan. Enrollment takes place the first month of each quarter. There is no waiting period to begin participation at each designated enrollment period. Employees can change their deferral $ or percentage the first of the month of each quarter but may change their mutual fund selection at any time.
 We provide this benefit through Flex-Plan Services. An is a valuable benefit that offers an employee the opportunity to save tax dollars on non-covered health care and dependent care expenses during the course of the calendar year. You are eligible to enroll into the plan the first day of the month following your date of hire and each calendar year thereafter.
This benefit is paid 100% by SiGen. Long-term disability covers an employee against either physical or mental disability. You are eligible the first month of your date of hire. In the event that you are disabled due to illness, Reliance Standard Insurance Company will pay the benefit of 66 2/3% of your salary.
 Benefit paid 100% by SiGen. Life and AD&provides a financial safety net for employees. The benefit is paid to the listed beneficiary at 1x the employee's annual salary for both Life and AD&up to a maximum of $300,000.
SiGen is consistently featured in the industry press as a leading innovator of advanced substrate solutions, for solar, semiconductor, display, and the optoelectronics markets. SiGen's successes illustrate the company's ability to analyze and solve a diverse set of challenges present in the solar, semiconductor, and other marketplaces. Click on the highlighted links to access the latest press releases.
Announces its Second Generation Polymax™ Production
to Present at the 26th European Photovoltaic Solar Energy
Starts the PolyMax™ Production System 
Enters the Solar Market with Revolutionary Wafering Technology SiGen's innovative "kerf-free" wafering equipment moves into pilot line  
SiGen Displays Latest Layer Transfer Technology at West 2007 Layer Transfer equipment and process technology for SOI, SOQ, SOG, DSB
Mr. Fong joined SiGen in September 1999 and has served as President and since December 2012.  Prior to this he served in positions including Vice President and COO, and Vice President and  Before SiGen, he was President and of Fortrend Engineering, a semiconductor automated wafer handling equipment company.  Mr. Fong also served as for NeTpower, a Windows high performance workstation and server company, for Photon Dynamics, a flat-panel display test equipment company, and for Stamping Technology, a semiconductor lead frame materials company. Mr. Fong received a Industrial Engineering and Operations Research and an Finance and Operations from the University of California, Berkeley.
SiGen to Present at   the 35th Photovoltaic Specialists   Conference
SiGen to Present at   the 25th European Photovoltaic Solar Energy Conference 
ENERGETIC, PEOPLE! OUR
 For more information about current opportunities, please click on the
Soon thereafter, SiGen developed and demonstrated a core set of leading-edge processes for Silicon-on-insulator (SOI) wafer fabrication
 innovations such as plasma activated bonding and room temperature cleaving. The company completed a pilot production facility in 2000 to demonstrate its technology capabilities. After successfully introducing its technology and completing its first major commercial license in 2004, SiGen made the transition to begin a fabless licensor and equipment provider for its engineered substrate solutions covering the 200mm/300mm market. 
As an outgrowth of SiGen's bonded layer transfer technology for the semiconductor, opto-electronic and display markets, the company developed a next-generation layer transfer (LT) technology called PolyMax™. With numerous emerging opportunities, SiGen broadened its market application into the Solar Cell Market.
The PolyMax™ technology addresses multiple issues of the current wafering process and market conditions: namely the cost aspects of wafering and the technical barriers to wafer thickness reduction. In addition, SiGen's PolyMax™ is a "green" process since there is no sawing, grinding or other mechanical thinning of wafers
We are always looking for bright, imaginative, and dedicated professionals to join our team.
SiGen is an equal opportunity employer.
 Current openings are listed below. For more information and current and future opportunities, please contact the Human Resource department through the Apply Here link at the bottom of this page.
