Semma was founded to develop transformative therapies for patients who currently depend on insulin injections.
Looking for a Career?
Looking for a challenging career in biotech that's rewarding for you and others?  Browse current openings and apply today.
Semma research could bring a new therapeutic option to Type 1 diabetes and improve the lives of patients,
Of the youth population is estimated to have diagnosed diabetes
*Numbers provided by American Diabetes Association
HomeSemma is pioneering the new treatment paradigm of using cells as medicine. Semma’s new class of regenerative medicine therapies couples its breakthrough stem cell technologies with proprietary delivery systems designed to protect cells from the immune system. Semma is working to bring new therapeutic options to the clinic and improve the lives of patients. Ongoing research at Semma is focused on combining these highly-differentiated active cells with a state-of-the-art device to provide a functional cure for patients with diabetes.
Type 1 diabetes (T1D), formerly known as juvenile diabetes, is a chronic, life-threatening disease that affects millions of people worldwide. In the United States, 30,000 new cases are estimated every year with half of those cases diagnosed in young children. Type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease in which the patient’s immune system goes awry and attacks and destroys the pancreatic beta cells. Beta cells are responsible for regulating blood sugar (glucose) levels by producing precise amounts of the essential hormone insulin.
The discovery of injectable insulin in the 1920s changed T1from a uniformly fatal disease with a life expectancy of months to one that could be carefully managed for decades through multiple daily blood glucose measurements and insulin injections. However, insulin injections are not a cure and patients face a lifetime of difficult disease management and serious complications including kidney failure, blindness and nerve damage. Despite nearly a century passing since the discovery of insulin, insulin injection remains the only treatment available to patients.
Semma was founded to develop transformative therapies for patients who currently depend on insulin injections. Recent work in the laboratory of Professor Douglas Melton led to the discovery of a method to generate billions of functional, insulin-producing beta cells in the laboratory. These cells develop in islet-like clusters grown from stem cells. Initial preclinical work in animal models of diabetes has shown that transplantation of these cells are sufficient to control blood glucose levels. This breakthrough technology has been exclusively licensed to Semma for the development of a cell-based therapy for diabetes.
Ongoing research at Semma is focused on combining these proprietary cells with a state-of-the-art cell delivery and immune protection strategy that can protect these cells from the patient’s immune system and allow the beta cells to function as they do in non-diabetic individuals. Implantation of the beta cell-filled device has the potential to provide a true replacement for the missing beta cells in a diabetic patient and would not require patient immunosuppression. Semma is working to bring this new therapeutic option to the clinic and improve the lives of patients with diabetes.About
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Doug Melton, PhD
Doug Melton, PhD, is the Scientific Founder of Semma and a Board Observer. Dr. Melton is the Xander University Professor at Harvard and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator. He is Co-Chair of the Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute. The scientific basis and motivation for Semma was created in Doug’s lab and he teamed up with Robert Millman to found the company. Doug graduated with a in biology from the University of Illinois then went to Cambridge University as a Marshall Scholar where he earned a in History and Philosophy of Science and a Ph.D., under Sir John Gurdon, in Molecular Biology at Trinity College, Cambridge University and the Laboratory of Molecular Biology. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the Institute of Medicine, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. His numerous prizes and awards include the Lounsberry Medal from the National Academy of Sciences and the Joslin Medal. Doug is a founder of Gilead Sciences and Curis. In recognition of his research and advocacy for stem cell research he was chosen as the Scientific American Policy Leader of the Year in 2007 and has twice been named as one of Time Magazine’s 100 Most Influential People.
Dr. Peter Butler's research is focused on abnormal insulin secretion in diabetes, the causes of beta cell death in diabetes and the possibility to foster islet regeneration in humans with diabetes. After obtaining his at the University of Birmingham, in 1980, Dr. Peter Butler underwent training in internal medicine in Edinburgh and Newcastle upon Tyne in the He then underwent training in Endocrinology at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and then at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester where he was also a research fellow. He was then appointed to a clinical faculty position at Mayo Clinic in Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolism. He was also the Associate Director of the General Clinical Research Center and led an funded research program. After six years on the faculty at the Mayo Clinic he was appointed to the Chair of Diabetes at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland where he established the first Clinical Research Center in the He returned to the in 1999 when he was appointed to Chief of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Hypertension at the University of Southern California moving to the University of California, Los Angeles in 2002. At UCLA, he has established the Larry Hillblom Islet Research Center, a free standing building that houses investigators with a wide range of skills focused on revealing the mechanisms of beta cell loss and potential regeneration in people with type 1 and 2 diabetes. He is director of the islet isolation and physiology core. He is also the Chief of the Division of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Hypertension. His clinical practice at focuses on care of patients with diabetes.
Alan Colman, PhD
Dr. Alan Colman, Ph.was a Principal Investigator in the A*Institute of Medical Biology and Executive Director of the Singapore Stem Cell Consortium. Dr. Colman's research involve the differentiation of human and mouse embryonic or embryonic-like (induced pluripotential stem cells) stem cells that harbor deleterious mutations known in humans to cause distinctive pathological conditions. From 1987 to March 2002, he served as Research Director of in Edinburgh, From April 2002 to June 1, 2007, he worked for the Singapore-based company, Cell International Pte Ltd. (ESI), as its Chief Scientific Officer from April 2002 to February 2005 and Chief Executive Officer from February 1, 2005 to June 1, 2007. He served a series of academic appointments in Oxford and Warwick Universities, where he was a Professor of Biochemistry in the University of Birmingham, The focus of his academic career was the area of eukaryotic protein secretion, with a particular emphasis on the use of frog oocytes and eggs as in vivo test tubes. He has been Chairman and Member of Scientific Advisory Board of VolitionLtd. since October 6, 2011. He has been a Director of VolitionLtd since October 6, 2011. He serves as a Director of Stem-Cell Research at King's College London. He serves as a Member of Scientific Advisory Board at Asterand Bioscience, Inc. Dr. Colman has a degree in Biochemistry in Oxford in 1971 and a Phunder John Gurdon, a pioneer of the field of nuclear transfer, at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge, in 1974.
Matthias Hebrok, PhD
Matthias Hebrok, Ph.is the Hurlbut-Johnson Distinguished Professor in Diabetes Research and the Director of the Diabetes Center at the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF). He received his Diploma degree in Cell Biology from the Albert-Ludwigs University in Freiburg, Germany, performed his Phthesis at the Max-Planck-Institute for Immunobiology, and conducted his postdoctoral research at at Harvard University. His laboratory has made seminal contributions to our understanding of how embryonic signals control the fetal development of the pancreas and its insulin-producing beta cells. His recent work has implemented the information gained from these studies to generate functional beta cells from human stem cell populations for cell therapy purposes. In collaboration with colleagues at UCSF, he has also developed differentiation conditions that allow for the generation of functional thymic epithelial cells from human stem cells with the intent of regulating immune responses in autoimmune diseases, including T1He is the recipient of several honors and awards, including the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (JDRF) Scholar Award and the Gerold & Kayla Grodsky Award honoring outstanding scientific contributions to diabetes research. He advises academic Diabetes Centers in the and previously served on the of several biotech and stem cell companies, including iPierian recently acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Dr. Hebrok has served as the Chair of the Cellular Aspects of Diabetes and Obesity (CADO) study section and was a Member of the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK) Diabetes Mellitus Interagency Coordinating Committee (DMICC). He currently is a Member of the Research Advisory Committee for the JDRF.
Allan Kirk, MD, PhD, FACS
Allan Kirk received his from Duke University in 1987 and his Ph.in Immunology from Duke in 1992. He completed his General Surgery Residency at Duke in 1995 and his multi-organ transplantation fellowship at the University of Wisconsin in 1997. He is a Diplomate of the American Board of Surgery and a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons. From 1997 through 2001 he served as a Commander in the United States Navy and as a Principal Investigator at the Naval Medical Research Center in Bethesda, Maryland. In 1999, he became the inaugural Chief of the intramural Solid Organ Transplant Program. He served as Chief of the Transplantation Surgery Section through 2001 and then joined the faculty as a Senior Investigator and Chief of the Transplantation Branch. In 2007 he joined the faculty at Emory University as Professor of Surgery and Pediatrics, and Scientific Director of the Emory Transplant Center. There he also served as Vice Chair of Research for the Department of Surgery. In 2014, he moved to Duke University where he now serves as Chairman of the Department of Surgery, and Surgeon-in-Chief for the Duke University Health System. He has been Principal Investigator on numerous clinical trials including early translational studies with alemtuzumab and costimulation blockade based therapies. He maintains an independently funded laboratory in transplantation immunology and a clinical practice in kidney transplantation. His bibliography contains over 200 scientific manuscripts and book chapters. He serves as Editorial-in-Chief for the American Journal of Transplantation, and is an elected member of the Society of University Surgeons and the American Society of Clinical Investigation.
Camillo Ricordi is Professor of Surgery and Director of the Diabetes Research Institute (DRI; www.diabetesresearch.org) and the Cell Transplant Program at the University of Miami. Dr. Ricordi and collaborators developed the method for large scale production of human pancreatic islets, and he led the team that performed the first series of successful clinical islet allotransplants to reverse diabetes. The procedure is now used by laboratories performing clinical islet transplants worldwide. Dr. Ricordi was president of the Cell Transplant Society, on the NIH-Expert Panel on clinical approaches for tolerance induction, on the Biologic Response Modifiers Advisory Committee and on the NIH-Strategic Planning Committee. He is currently serving as Chairperson of the funded Clinical Islet Transplantation (CIT) Consortium, which standardized cell manufacturing protocols in North America and Europe and just completed the first multicenter Phase trial for what could become the first biologically active cell product approved in the by the Dr. Ricordi has received numerous honors and awards and was also Knighted by the President of the Republic of Italy. He is currently serving on the editorial boards of CellR4 (Editor-in-Chief; www.cellr4.org) and Cell Transplantation (Co-Editor-in-Chief). In 2013 he was appointed President of the Ri.Foundation by the Italian Prime Minister (http://www.fondazionerimed.eu), one of the largest European investments in Biomedical Research, Biotechnologies and Regenerative Medicine. Dr. Ricordi also served as founding President of The Cure Alliance from 2011-2015, and currently serves as Chairman of the Diabetes Research Institute Federation (www.diabetesresearch.org). He has authored over 700 scientific publications and 22 awarded patents.
Gordon Weir, MD
Dr. Gordon Weir is the Diabetes Research and Wellness Foundation Chair at Joslin and Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School, and Co-Heads Joslin's Section on Islet Cell and Regenerative Biology. Dr. Weir completed his medical degree at Harvard Medical School and his residency training at University Hospital in Cleveland, Training in endocrinology was obtained at Massachusetts General Hospital. Before coming to Joslin, Dr. Weir was Professor of Medicine at the Medical College of Virginia. When he first came to Joslin, he served as the Center's Medical Director for 9 years, in addition to conducting a broad research program. Dr. Weir is the recipient of numerous honors and serves and has served on the editorial boards of several prestigious journals, including the American Journal of Physiology, Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, Endocrinology and Transplantation. He served as Editor-in-Chief of the journal Diabetes. He also served as Director of Joslin's NIH-supported Diabetes Endocrinology Research Center and as Head of the Diabetes Program of the Harvard Stem Cell Institute. He currently serves as Chairman of the Encapsulation Consortium.
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Mark Fishman, MD
Dr. Fishman is currently Professor in the Harvard Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology and Chief of the Pathways Service in Medicine at the Previously, he served for 13 years as the founding President of the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, appointed in 2002 to devise and implement a new global strategy for Novartis' drug discovery effort. During his tenure, discovered and brought through successful early clinical trials 90 new medicines in more than 120 indications, including regenerative medicines for disorders of aging. Before joining Novartis, Dr. Fishman was Chief of Cardiology and founding Director of the Cardiovascular Research Center at Massachusetts General Hospital, as well as Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School where his laboratory discovered many of the genes that drive formation of vertebrate organs, doing so thorough one of the first large scale genetic screens in the zebrafish. He completed his internal medicine residency, chief residency and cardiology training at Massachusetts General Hospital. Dr. Fishman graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Yale College in the in 1972, and with an from Harvard Medical School in 1976. He has been honored with many awards and distinguished lectureships, is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, serves on the council of the National Academy of Medicine and, and is the author of over 200 publications and the textbook, “Medicine”.
Todd Foley is a Managing Director at Capital. He focuses on biotech investments and serves on a number of portfolio company boards, including Repare Therapeutics, Biotherapeutics, Chiasma (CHMA), Clinical Ink, Iconic, Rhythm (RYTM), Semma and Tetherex. Todd also manages MPM’s strategic investment relationship with Novartis (NVS), which believes has been one of the industry’s longest standing and most prolific collaborations between venture capital investors and pharma, having committed $200 million to over a dozen companies in the biotech and healthcare space under a variety of creative joint equity/strategic deal structures. Prior to MPM, Todd’s career in the life science industry included Business Development at Genentech (Roche) and management consulting with Arthur Little. He holds a in Chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an from Harvard Business School.
Stephen Knight joined F-Prime Capital in 2003 where he serves as President and Managing Partner. Dr. Knight has worked in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries for over twenty years. Dr. Knight currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors for Forum Pharmaceuticals (formerly EnVivo Pharmaceuticals) and serves on the board of directors of Innovent Biologics, Inc., Proteostasis Therapeutics, Iora Health, Blueprint Medicines, Pulmocide and Optegra Global Ltd. Dr. Knight previously served on the boards of several private and public health care companies including FoldRx (acquired by Pfizer), Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ: IRWD), NextWave Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Pfizer), and Respivert, Ltd (acquired by J&J).
Prior to joining F-Prime, Dr. Knight was president and chief operating officer for Before joining EPIX, Dr. Knight worked at Arthur Little Inc., specializing in mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical industry and performed research at AT&Bell Laboratories, the National Institutes of Health, and Yale University. He holds an from the Yale University School of Medicine, an from the Yale School of Organization and Management and received a in biology from Columbia University, graduating summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa.
Daniel Auerbach
Daniel Auerbach has spent 30 years in Asia as an early pioneer and leader in the development of the region’s Private Equity industry. Daniel joined Fidelity International Limited in 1994 as the Senior Managing Director to establish the Asian principal and venture investing in the key geographies in China, India and Japan. Through his business involvement, Daniel is associated with the establishment of some of the region’s most successful independent businesses. Daniel has held key board roles with companies, that include Alibaba, WuXi Pharmatech, iSoftstone, AsiaInfo and Asia Renal Care. He continues to serve on a number of Boards of Asia’s leading emerging businesses, including Chairman of DeltaHealth, Board member of Hua Medicine, Innovent, Adagene, and many others. In 2000, Daniel was nominated by the World Economic Forum as one of its Young Global Leaders.
Kevin Raidy is Managing Partner, Cowen Healthcare Investments. Previously, Mr. Raidy was Cowen’s Head of Investment Banking and prior to that he served as co-head of Cowen’s equity capital markets group, which is responsible for the origination and execution of all equity capital-raising transactions. Before that, he was a managing director at Cowen Investment Management (formerly known as Ramius LLC), where he was portfolio manager for direct investments and convertible bonds. Mr. Raidy also was the founder of H4 Capital Management His sell-side experience includes ten years at Shipley Raidy Capital Partners LP, a boutique investment banking firm that he co-founded, where he was responsible for sourcing, evaluating, and structuring numerous debt and equity financings and also performed M&advisory services. Prior to founding Shipley Raidy, Mr. Raidy was an associate at Philadelphia First Group. He started his career at Cantor Fitzgerald before moving to Merrill Lynch as an analyst in the municipal finance group. Mr. Raidy holds a in economics with a concentration in finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Mitchell Finer, Ph.D.
Mitchell Finer Ph.(Mitch) joined Capital as Managing Director mid-2015 and is a member of the board of directors of portfolio company Semma Therapeutics. Since joining MPM, he has founded Oncorus Inc, focused on the development of Oncolytic herpes viruses for the treatment of and other malignancies, where he serves as and He recently joined the board of portfolio company TCR2. For three decades, Mitch has focused on drug development utilizing the novel platforms of cell and gene therapy, cancer immunotherapy and regenerative medicine, working to to develop products from conception through phase clinical programs is the and Europe. Prior to MPM, Mitch served as of bluebird bio, where he was responsible for strategic build of bluebird’s gene-modified adult hematopoietic stem cell therapy business and led the strategic development and partnering of BLUE’s and genome engineering programs. Prior to bluebird bio, Mitch has served as of Intracel Corporation and Genteric Inc, and as Research for Cell Genesys and the Gencell division of Aventis Pharma (now Sanofi) and of Development at Novacell (now Viacyte). Mitch also successfully co-founded retinal disease gene therapy company Avalanche Biotechnologies (now Adverum Biotechnologies) where he now serves as a member of the Board of Directors. Mitch received his Ph.in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from Harvard University and a in Biochemistry and Microbiology from the University of California at Berkeley. He completed a post-doctoral fellowship at the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research at MIT.
William Sahlman is the Dimitri d'Arbeloff - Class of 1955 Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School. His research focuses on the investment and financing decisions made in entrepreneurial ventures at all stages in their development. Mr. Sahlman has written numerous articles and two textbooks on topics including entrepreneurial management, venture capital, private equity, deal structuring, incentives, commercializing science, and the role of entrepreneurship in the global economy. From 1990 to 1991, he was chairman of the Harvard University Advisory Committee on Shareholder Responsibility. From 2009 to 2015, he was chairman of the Advisory Committee for Harvard Stem Cell Science. In April 2011, the National Venture Capital Association gave Mr. Sahlman The American Spirit Award, which was created in 1999 "to recognize individuals who have shown outstanding leadership by applying business skills, knowledge, expertise and resources to make a meaningful contribution to society." Mr. Sahlman received an degree in Economics from Princeton University (1972), an from Harvard University (1975), and a Ph.in Business Economics (1982), also from Harvard.
Dr. Doug Melton
Doug Melton, PhD, is the Scientific Founder of Semma and a Board Observer. Dr. Melton is the Xander University Professor at Harvard and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator. He is Co-Chair of the Department of Stem Cell and Regenerative Biology and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute. The scientific basis and motivation for Semma was created in Doug’s lab and he teamed up with Robert Millman to found the company. Doug graduated with a in biology from the University of Illinois then went to Cambridge University as a Marshall Scholar where he earned a in History and Philosophy of Science and a Ph.D., under Sir John Gurdon, in Molecular Biology at Trinity College, Cambridge University and the Laboratory of Molecular Biology. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the Institute of Medicine, and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. His numerous prizes and awards include the Lounsberry Medal from the National Academy of Sciences and the Joslin Medal. Doug is a founder of Gilead Sciences and Curis. In recognition of his research and advocacy for stem cell research he was chosen as the Scientific American Policy Leader of the Year in 2007 and has twice been named as one of Time Magazine’s 100 Most Influential People.
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Bastiano Sanna, PhD, serves as Semma Therapeutics’ Dr. Sanna joins Semma from Magenta Therapeutics, where he served as Chief Operating Officer and was responsible for operations, finance, clinical development and program management. Prior to Magenta, Dr. Sanna served in the leadership team of Novartis’ Cell and Gene Therapy Unit as the Global Program Head of Stem Cell Transplant and early programs, where he oversaw clinical, regulatory, CMC, and commercial aspects of programs in bone marrow transplant and CAR-cell therapies. In an earlier role, he served as Global Head of Strategic Planning and Portfolio Management at the Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research, where he was responsible for global portfolio management of all Novartis’ research programs from discovery through Phase across all disease areas.
David Lebwohl, MD
Chief Medical Officer
David is Semma’s Previously, he served as Senior Vice President and Global Program Head of Team at Novartis, where he led the development of chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies. He served as Global Head of Oncology Clinical Development and Global Program Head for Afinitor, an oral minhibitor, within Novartis Oncology. He joined Novartis Oncology in 2002 where he was responsible for the development of Afinitor (RAD001) from phase 1 through five NDA/approvals. He also led the clinical development of PTK787, a inhibitor, panobinostat, a deacetylase inhibitor and midostaurin, a FLT3 kinase inhibitor. Following post-graduate training at Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in internal medicine, hematology and medical oncology, he joined the staff of Memorial Sloan-Kettering on the Breast Cancer Service. He graduated from Harvard College magna cum laude in Biochemical Sciences and was then a Graduate Research Student in Tumour Immunology at University College London. David graduated as Doctor of Medicine from the Yale University School of Medicine.
David DiGiusto, PhD
Chief Technical Officer
David is the Chief Technical Officer for Semma Therapeutics. He has over 28 years of experience in the scientific, clinical and regulatory aspects of cells as therapeutic agents including the isolation, characterization and genetic modification of hematopoietic stem cells and T-cells for clinical applications. He has been instrumental in the creation of six compliant biologics manufacturing facilities and associated quality systems, production and testing programs. Under his direction, plasmid DNA, CAR-T-cells, regulatory T-cells, engineered stem cell grafts and gene modified hematopoietic stem cell products have been manufactured and released for use in Phase I/clinical trials. David is a major contributor to first in human studies for Cancer and Gene Therapy and has developed methods for assessing ex-vivo stem cell manipulations using in vitro and in vivo models. David is a member of the recombinant advisory committee (RAC).
Felicia Pagliuca, PhD
Scientific Co-Founder, Vice President of Cell Biology Research and Development
Felicia currently serves as Vice President of Cell Biology Research and Development and is a scientific co-founder of Semma. She leads internal cell-based research and development and plays a key role in supporting Semma's preclinical, regulatory, and manufacturing strategies for its cell therapy products. Felicia also works closely with Semma’s senior leadership on corporate development activities, including key collaborations and partnerships. Previously, Felicia was a postdoctoral fellow in Professor Doug Melton’s laboratory at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute. Felicia was part of the team in the Melton lab that discovered how to generate stem cell derived beta cells and published a seminal paper in Cell in 2014. She is an expert in stem cell biology and diabetes and one of the inventors of Semma Therapeutics’ key technologies. Felicia received a from Duke University and a Ph.from Cambridge University where she was a Marshall Scholar. She is currently on leave from Harvard Business School where she was a Kaplan Fellow.
Christopher Thanos, PhD
Vice President, Delivery
Chris leads cell encapsulation and delivery efforts at Semma. He has 15 years of cellular therapy experience in early-stage biotechnology companies including Neurotech, Living Cell Technologies, and TSC, a consulting group that he formed to provide cell encapsulation expertise to industry. Chris has been involved in the inception, design, formulation, characterization, and clinical / regulatory process of both micro- and macro- encapsulation platforms. He has appointments at Brown University in the Departments of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine and Molecular Pharmacology, Physiology, and Biotechnology, where he completed his doctoral work in the field of oral drug delivery under the guidance of Edith Mathiowitz. Chris has contributed to numerous patents and peer-reviewed scientific articles spanning the disciplines of biomaterials, encapsulation, nanotechnology, tissue engineering, xenotransplantation, diabetes, and diseases of the nervous system. Most recently Chris served as co-founder and of Research and Development at Cytosolv.
Vice President, Surgery
Moses is Semma’s Vice President of Surgery. He maintains an appointment at Brown University as Associate Professor of Surgery, which he has held for over 25 years. Beginning in the mid-1980s, Moses followed his passion for cell therapy with founder roles at Cytoand later Neurotech USA, where he was responsible for technology development, clinical research, regulatory affairs, and business operations for technologies based on the hollow fiber membrane macroencapsulation platform. He has served on a number of scientific advisory boards and in consultancy roles for several biotechnology companies, is a former trustee of Rhode Island Hospital, is recognized as a world leader in developing novel surgical procedures for implantation of bioartificial organs and devices, and has significant experience in interacting with the throughout the regulatory process. Moses has been involved in the development of cell therapies targeting chronic pain, Parkinson’s disease, Huntington’s disease, diabetes, wound healing, and Most recently Moses served as co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Cytosolv.
Jason Gaglia, MD, MMSc
Vice President, Clinical Science
Jason started in the field of islet transplantation over 15 years ago as a member of the clinical islet transplant team at the National Institutes of Health. At Harvard, he led a team demonstrating noninvasive imaging of inflammation in the pancreas with the development of type 1 diabetes. More recently he has served as Director of the Hood Center for Prevention of Childhood Diabetes at Joslin Diabetes Center and the principal investigator for numerous type 1 diabetes clinical trials. He maintains an academic appointment at Harvard Medical School. Jason holds four undergraduate degrees from Rutgers College and received both his medical degree and Master of Science in clinical research from Harvard Medical School.
Jeff Imbaro, MS, MBA
Vice President, Operations and Alliances
Jeff leads operations and strategic alliances at Semma and is part of the founding team. Before joining Semma, Jeff led a team of management consultants at Pursuit Solutions to improve processes of Genzyme’s Rare Disease Unit. Prior to that, Jeff created and led the Operational Alliances group at Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research (NIBR) in Cambridge, The group was responsible for Alliance Management of all major collaborative research alliances within NIBR, as well as for implementing all collaborative scientific relationships that supported NIBR’s internal research programs. The effort won an Operational Excellence award for comprehensive redesign of all internal business processes relating to collaborative research contracts. Prior to joining Novartis, Jeff was a bench scientist at various Boston biotechs. He holds an from the Olin School of Business at Babson College, as well as a Master of Science in Molecular Genetics from the University of New Hampshire.
Head of Human Resources
Ann brings over twenty years’ experience leading people and culture efforts that support scientific and business strategies. Most recently, she served as the Global Head of Talent Management and Organizational Development for Novartis Institutes of BioMedical Research (NIBR), where she led talent strategy and supported divisional business initiatives. Ann also held leadership roles at Biogen and Wyeth/Pfizer, often leading significant change initiatives. Ann holds a master’s degree from Columbia University in organizational psychology.
Board of Directors
