Clarity System
Sgx Clarity Assays
Scanning electron micrograph
See what others can’t
Introducing the Sgx Clarity® System from UPDATES
Study shows cardiac troponin measurement using ultra-sensitive cTntest can identify the presence and severity of coronary artery disease in stable, symptomatic outpatients
Study shows high-sensitivity cardiac troponin concentrations is an independent predictor of obstructive coronary artery disease in patients with suspected stable angina
announces 510(k) submission for the first ultra-sensitive cardiac troponin (cTnI) test using Single Molecule Counting technology
Receives New, Broad Patent for Digital Detection Of Cardiac Troponin-Or Cardiac Troponin-For Coronary Artery Disease Rule-Out
See the Unseeable Through
Introducing the Sgx Clarity® system from Singulex, powered by Single Molecule Counting technology.
Now, clinicians have the power to distinguish healthy patients from those who are not.
Up to 1000 times more sensitive than contemporary immunoassay platforms
Enables unprecedented precision and digital detection of low-abundance biomarkers
Rules out cardiac ischaemia without stress testing with the Sgx Clarity cTnassay
Fully-automated immunodiagnostics platform
Scanning electron micrograph of wool
Single Molecule Counting Technology: Robust Clinical Validation*
Singulex’s proprietary Single Molecule Counting technology is backed by data from more than 110,000 patients presented in over 130 independent peer-reviewed publications.
Peer-Reviewed Articles
*Based on data from research performed using the Erenna system and Single Molecule Counting technology.
Is Revolutionising Immunodiagnostics to Transform Healthcare
Scanning electron micrograph of bamboo
Clarity System
Sgx Clarity Assays
Infectious Disease (coming soon)
Achieve BioRemarkable power with the
Sgx Clarity® system from Singulex.
Achieve BioRemarkable power with the
Sgx Clarity® system from Singulex.Is Revolutionising Immunodiagnostics to Transform Healthcare
is an immunodiagnostics company at the forefront of Single Molecule Counting technology, a novel immunoassay technology recognized for unprecedented ultra-sensitivity in the precision measurement of biomarkers. is the developer of the Sgx Clarity® system, a fully-automated, in vitro diagnostics platform powered by Single Molecule Counting technology. With up to 1000 times more sensitivity than existing technologies, Single Molecule Counting rules out disease more clearly and definitively than was possible before. The Sgx Clarity system and Sgx Clarity cTn(cardiac troponin I) assay received mark in 2017 and are commercially available in Europe; additional assays to detect and rule out infectious and inflammatory diseases are in development. is also developing a point-of-care platform and exploring applications beyond the clinical setting.
Guido Baechler has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of since 2013, bringing with him over two decades of experience working with emerging technologies in the life sciences and diagnostics industries. Guido joined in 2008, serving first as Vice President of Diagnostics and then as Senior Vice President of Operations. Previously, Guido worked at Roche in both the and Switzerland. He held executive and leadership positions at both Roche Diagnostics and Roche Molecular Diagnostics and gained managerial and functional expertise in research, development and marketing.
Guido holds a in Electrical Engineering from Fachhochschule Brugg-Windisch in Switzerland. He has completed a series of executive finance and management classes at the London School of Business and the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley.
John Todd, Ph.D.Chief Scientific Officer
Prior to joining Singulex, John held leadership and executive positions at numerous healthcare companies including Chiron Diagnostics, Bayer Diagnostics, Baxter Healthcare, Technologies, Protogene Labs and Biochem. He has co-authored over 60 peer-reviewed publications and 90 scientific abstracts, been issued 15 patents and presented at over 100 biomedical scientific conferences. John has received 6 grants for the development and commercialization of diagnostic products.
John received a Ph.in Biochemistry and a in Biology from the University of Southern California, followed by post graduate training in Cell and Molecular Biology at the Sabatini Lab, New York University Medical Center.
Brandon HantsChief Financial Officer
Brandon has served as Chief Financial Officer since 2018. Since joining in 2012 as Director of Financial Planning & Analysis, Brandon has accepted roles of increasing responsibility including oversight of Medical Billing, IT, Supply Chain, Legal and Facilities. Prior to Singulex, Brandon spent three years in a finance capacity at Novartis Vaccines & Diagnostics. Prior to that, Brandon spent ten years at Genentech working in the areas of Finance, Accounting, Treasury & Supply Chain.
Brandon received a degree in Cell & Developmental Biology from the University of California at Santa Barbara. He also earned an with Finance emphasis from the University of San Francisco.
Jeffrey Bishop, Ph.D.Senior Vice President, Diagnostics Operations
Jessica McCarthyVice President, Global Marketing & Communications
Jessica McCarthy joined in 2016, responsible for the company’s brand, worldwide product and service launches and all advertising and promotion. She brings more than 20 years of experience building effective marketing teams and executing successful, high-growth marketing strategies. Prior to Singulex, Jessica held leadership roles of increasing responsibility at Blue Shield of California, and was most recently Vice President of Integrated Marketing and Customer Experience. Before that, she was a marketing lead at Silicon Valley Bank and managed Fortune 500 and start-up accounts at several global advertising agencies.
Jessica earned a in Religion and Art History from Syracuse University and completed the Women’s Senior Leadership Program at Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management. In 2014, The San Francisco Business times named her one of the “Most Influential Women in the Bay Area,” and inducted her into the “Most Influential Women in the Bay Area Hall of Fame” in 2015.
Patricia RyanCompliance Officer
Patricia Ryan joined in 2014, bringing over 20 years of experience focused on the internal control environment. Most recently, Patty served as the Latin American and Asia Pacific Regional Compliance Officer for Novartis Vaccines & Diagnostics as well as the Compliance Officer for the Diagnostics business, providing compliance support in all aspects of commercial activities. Patty joined Novartis Vaccines & Diagnostics as a Sarbanes- Oxley Compliance; Internal Controls Analyst. Patty also spent several years as a Corporate Internal Auditor for AT&T.
Patty has worked for over a decade in local Public Accounting Firms in the San Francisco Bay area leading auditing and consulting service engagements. Patty holds a in Business Administration with a concentration in Accounting from San Jose State University. She is a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Internal Auditor.
Byron ClendenenVice President, Human Resources
Byron Clendenen joined in 2014 and possesses 25 years of leadership experience. Previously, Byron served and led functions in diverse settings such as CollabNet, Inc., within the enterprise cloud development software tools & services space; Vpacket Communications within the Votelecom space; Integrated Systems within the embedded software space; and Toshiba America within the medical diagnostic imaging space.
Byron has contributed in privately and publicly held settings, and has developed, managed, and refined functions and programs for start-ups as well as for mature, multi-national organizations.
Byron earned a in Psychology from the University of California, Berkeley, and an in Psychology from San Francisco State University. He additionally possesses certification.
Darin LeighVice President, Global Sale
Darin earned a degree in Medical Laboratory Sciences from Paddington College, University of London, United Kingdom.
Guido Baechler has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of since 2013, bringing with him over two decades of experience working with emerging technologies in the life sciences and diagnostics industries. Guido joined in 2008, serving first as Vice President of Diagnostics and then as Senior Vice President of Operations. Previously, Guido worked at Roche in both the and Switzerland. He held executive and leadership positions at both Roche Diagnostics and Roche Molecular Diagnostics and gained managerial and functional expertise in research, development and marketing.
Guido holds a in Electrical Engineering from Fachhochschule Brugg-Windisch in Switzerland. He has completed a series of executive finance and management classes at the London School of Business and the Haas School of Business, University of California, Berkeley.
David Ian BellChief Innovation Officer, Grifols
Prior to joining Grifols in 2003, Mr. Bell served as General Counsel and Vice President of Alpha Therapeutic Corporation following more than 20 years as a corporate lawyer specializing in healthcare, pharmaceutical and biotechnology regulation and liability. Mr. Bell attended the University of California, Irvine focusing on Psychobiology (Neuroscience), Southwestern University School of Law and a postgraduate program at Harvard Law School.
Heiner Dreismann, Ph.D.Lead Director
Heiner Dreismann, Ph.has been a member of our board of directors since June of 2007 and has over 26 years of experience in biotech and healthcare companies. Since May of 2008, Dr. Dreismann has served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of GeneNews Limited, a public diagnostics company. From 2001 until 2006, Dr. Dreismann served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Roche Molecular Systems, Inc., a division of Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd., or Roche, focused on clinical molecular diagnostics.
Before serving in these roles, he held various management positions in Roche, among them Head of Integration Office Diagnostics and Head of Global Business Development for Roche Diagnostics. Dr. Dreismann currently serves on the boards of directors of Ignyta, Inc., Myriad Genetics, Inc., Med BioGene Inc. and GeneNews Ltd., each a public company in the life sciences or healthcare diagnostics sectors. Dr. Dreismann received his in Biology and his Ph.in Microbiology / Molecular Biology both from Westfaelische Wilhelms University (The University of Münster) in Germany. Dr. Dreismann brings to our board of directors significant expertise in the biotech and healthcare sectors from both his advanced degree and from previous executive leadership positions. In addition, Dr. Dreismann’s experience as a Director of public life sciences companies provides the board of directors with valuable insights to assist in achieving our goals.
Carl Gordon, Ph.D., CFAGeneral Partner, OrbiMed and Co-Head, Private Equity
Carl Gordon, Ph.D., has been a member of our board of directors since June of 2007. Dr. Gordon co-founded OrbiMed Advisors LLC, or OrbiMed, where he serves as a General Partner and Co-Head of Private Equity. He is experienced in both private equity and small-capitalization public equity investments. Prior to his experience at OrbiMed, Dr. Gordon was a senior biotechnology analyst at Mehta and Isaly, a pharmaceutical consulting firm and predecessor to OrbiMed, from 1995 to 1997.
From 1993 to 1995, Dr. Gordon was a fellow at The Rockefeller University. He received his Ph.in Molecular Biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a bachelor’s degree from Harvard College.
From August 2009 until June 2012, Dr. Gordon also served on the board of directors of Complete Genomics, Inc., a life sciences company. As a venture capitalist focused on life science companies who sits on numerous boards, Dr. Gordon provides financial and operational expertise regarding our industry. In addition, Dr. Gordon provides substantial expertise in the particularly relevant scientific field of molecular biology, and his financial credentials are valuable toward his service on our audit committee.
Stephen Rose, CPA, CMADirector, Fisk Ventures, LLC
Steve Rose, CPA, CMA, has been a member of our board of directors since September, 2004. Mr. Rose, who has over 17 years of experience in venture investing, is Managing Director of Fisk Ventures, LLC, the venture investment company for Fisk Johnson, Ph.D., Chairman of the Board, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson and Son Inc., or Johnson. In this capacity, Mr. Rose serves on the boards of several early stage technology-based companies. Mr. Rose previously held several positions with Johnson in both the United States and in Canada, including positions in strategic planning, new business and new product development, and financial and business management.
Mr. Rose has an Honors Bachelor of Commerce from McMaster University, and is also a Certified Management Accountant. As a venture capitalist with experience on the boards of several emerging companies, Mr. Rose provides the Board of Directors with insightful and relevant expertise in both finance and operations. In addition, his financial credentials and experience are of significant value in his service on our governance committee.
Fred VogtPresident, Enterprises, LLC
Fred Vogt has been a member of our board of directors since our incorporation in 2002. Mr. Vogt has 28 years of operations and manufacturing experience in the pharmaceutical industry, and he currently provides consulting services to senior management executives through Enterprises From 1997 until 2000, Mr. Vogt served as a Senior Vice President of Specialty Chemicals at Tetra Technologies Inc., a chemical manufacturer.
Prior to this experience, he worked for 25 years for Mallinckrodt, Inc., a chemical and pharmaceutical company, in a variety of manufacturing and business positions. Mr. Vogt has a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering, a master’s degree in Engineering Administration and Honorary Professional Chemical Engineering degree from the University of Missouri at Rolla.
Clarity System
Sgx Clarity Assays
Scanning electron micrograph of monarch butterfly wing scales
receives new, broad patent for highly sensitive methods for analysis of troponin
Introducing the Clarity diff toxin A/assay, a high-sensitivity, high-precision, single-test solution for the diagnosis of true difficile infection
Clarity® diff toxins A/assay in development shown to be ultrasensitive and highly specific compared with currently available testing options
Study shows cardiac troponin measurement using ultra-sensitive cTntest can identify the presence and severity of coronary artery disease in stable, symptomatic outpatients
Study adds to understanding about utility of ultra-sensitive cardiac troponin measurement in diagnosing and predicting cardiovascular syndromes
Study shows high-sensitivity cardiac troponin concentrations is an independent predictor of obstructive coronary artery disease in patients with suspected stable angina
announces 510(k) submission for the first ultra-sensitive cardiac troponin (cTnI) test using Single Molecule Counting technology
Receives New, Broad Patent for Digital Detection Of Cardiac Troponin-Or Cardiac Troponin-For Coronary Artery Disease Rule-Out
cTnl Assay Can Identify Presence, Severity of in Stable, Symptomatic Outpatients
Q&A: High-Sensitivity Troponin Predicts Obstructive in Stable Chest Discomfort
New Guidelines Add Fecal Transplant to diff Treatment Recommendations
February 16, 2018
difficile Infection in Long-Term Care Facilities: Diagnostic Challenge
Ultra-Sensitive Immunoassay Offers Insights into Risk
Using Single Molecule Counting Technology
to Seek Clearance for Sgx Clarity; Aims for Point-of-Care Prototype by Year End
Manchester Molecular Pathology Innovation Centre announces strategic collaboration
Clarity System
Sgx Clarity Assays
Infectious Disease (coming soon)
Achieve BioRemarkable power with the
Sgx Clarity® system from Singulex.
Achieve BioRemarkable power with the
Sgx Clarity® system from Singulex.