Oops! It appears that you have disabled your Javascript. In order for you to see this page as it is meant to appear, we ask that you please re-enable your Javascript!
Hit enter to search or to close
BCT400/BLS-I
Instruments’ goal is to implement elegant solutions to test and measurement challenges in silicon Our instruments and analysis techniques are targeted at the problems that matter, are based on a firm device-physics foundation, and are, by design, cost-effective for the application.
The de facto lifetime-measurement standard in laboratories worldwide
New products / Software Updates
FCT-750 –In-Line Light I-Testing for Solar Cells
Papers & Research Results
Information on Semi PV-13
White paper on principles of lifetime measurements
Lifetime round-robin interlaboratory study
Presentation comparing lifetime standards
We look forward to seeing you at the 12th SNEC International Photovoltaic Power Generation and Smart Energy Conference & Exhibition in Shanghai, China on May 28-30, 2018. We will be located in Hall E3, Booth 235.
We look forward to seeing you at the 45th Photovoltaic Specialists Conference in Waikoloa, Hawaii on June 10-15, 2018.
Public Policy Analysis
											Comments on: The Cost and Impact of a 100 % Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard for the State of Colorado										 
Public Policy Analysis
											FMT-500: The Latest in Module Test Technology										 
Interested In Learning More?
Instruments has become the
We are dedicated to developing and applying new tools and analysis to R&and manufacturing in silicon solar cells and integrated circuits.
Comments on: The Cost and Impact of a 100 % Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard for the State of Colorado
April 19, 2018
FMT-500: The Latest in Module Test Technology
Stay up to date with the latest Instruments news, events, product announcements & more.
Hours of Operation:
BCT400/BLS-I
Chinese (Simplified)About Instruments
Originally established in 1992 by Ron as Consulting, Instruments is dedicated to developing and applying new tools and analysis to R&and manufacturing in silicon solar cells and integrated circuits. Our goal is to enable the routine use of state-of-the-art device physics and measurements.
We develop solutions to practical problems in R&and manufacturing process control by providing physically-rigorous, simple, and cost-effective measurement tools and analysis.
Over 600 of our minority-lifetime measurement instruments are in use around the world. Results from these instruments are frequently central to R&and industrial publications and have come to provide the de-facto calibrated lifetime-measurement standard in laboratories worldwide.
Through university and industrial collaborations, we maintain and extend our practical experience in silicon device physics, test and measurement, silicon materials, and silicon device processing in order to bring the best possible instrumentation design and analysis software to each new application.
Instruments’ goal is to implement elegant solutions to test and measurement challenges in silicon Our instruments and analysis techniques are targeted at the problems that matter, are based on a firm device-physics foundation, and are, by design, cost-effective for the application.
And we have fun doing it.
Ronald Before accepting the position of Manager of R&at SunPower Corporation in 1989, Ron did his Phwork at Stanford University, developing 28%-efficient silicon concentrator cells and 23% efficient backside-contact one-sun cells.
Ron founded Instruments in 1992. He has focused the company on bringing the systematic device physics approach that was used to develop very high-efficiency silicon solar cells to the design of test and measurement instruments and analysis techniques for the wider variety of silicon solar cell technologies in all stages of R&and production today.
He continues to publish technical papers and participates in paper reviews for numerous journals as well as conference program organization, especially the (1987-2008) and the annual Silicon Workshop (1994-present).
de facto lifetime-measurement standard in laboratories worldwide.
We are dedicated to developing and applying new tools and analysis to R&and manufacturing in silicon solar cells and integrated circuits.
Stay up to date with the latest Instruments news, events, product announcements & more.
