Tesla’s mission is to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.
Tesla was founded in 2003 by a group of engineers who wanted to prove that people didn’t need to compromise to drive electric – that electric vehicles can be better, quicker and more fun to drive than gasoline cars. Today, Tesla builds not only all-electric vehicles but also infinitely scalable clean energy generation and storage products. Tesla believes the faster the world stops relying on fossil fuels and moves towards a zero-emission future, the better.
Launched in 2008, the Roadster unveiled Tesla’s cutting-edge battery technology and electric powertrain. From there, Tesla designed the world’s first ever premium all-electric sedan from the ground up – Model – which has become the best car in its class in every category. Combining safety, performance, and efficiency, Model has reset the world’s expectations for the car of the 21st century with the longest range of any electric vehicle, over-the-air software updates that make it better over time, and a record 0-60 mph acceleration time of 2.28 seconds as measured by Motor Trend. In 2015, Tesla expanded its product line with Model , the safest, quickest and most capable sport utility vehicle in history that holds 5-star safety ratings across every category from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Completing Elon Musk’s “ Secret Master Plan ,” in 2016, Tesla introduced Model 3 , a low-priced, high-volume electric vehicle that began production in 2017. Soon after, Tesla unveiled the safest, most comfortable truck ever – Tesla Semi – which is designed to save owners at least $200,000 over a million miles based on fuel costs alone.
All Tesla vehicles are produced at its factory in Fremont, California, where the vast majority of the vehicle’s components are also made. To achieve our goal of having the safest factories in the world, Tesla is taking a proactive approach to safety, requiring production employees to participate in a multi-day training program before ever setting foot on the factory floor. From there, Tesla continues to provide on-the-job training and track performance daily so that improvements can be made quickly. The result is that Tesla’s safety rate continues to improve while Model 3 production ramps.
To create an entire sustainable energy ecosystem, Tesla also manufactures a unique set of energy solutions, Powerwall , Powerpack and Solar Roof , enabling homeowners, businesses, and utilities to manage renewable energy generation, storage, and consumption. Supporting Tesla’s automotive and energy products is Gigafactory 1 – a facility designed to significantly reduce battery cell costs. By bringing cell production in-house, Tesla manufactures batteries at the volumes required to meet production goals, while creating thousands of jobs.
And this is just the beginning. With Tesla building its most affordable car yet, Tesla continues to make products accessible and affordable to more and more people, ultimately accelerating the advent of clean transport and clean energy production. Electric cars, batteries, and renewable energy generation and storage already exist independently, but when combined, they become even more powerful – that’s the future we want.
Tesla, Inc. and its affiliates (“Tesla”) respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Policy explains Tesla’s policies and procedures regarding information we collect from or about our customers and their use of our products and services. Tesla intends to provide you with a level of comfort and confidence in how we collect, use, share, and safeguard information that we collect. This Privacy Policy also explains how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. By providing information to us or by using our products or services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
We collect three main types of information related to you or your use of our products and services: (1) information from or about you or your devices; (2) information from or about your Tesla vehicle; and (3) information from or about your Tesla energy products. Depending on the Tesla products and services you request, own, or use, not all of these types of information may be applicable to you.
Through credit applications and other forms: We may collect additional information from you or others on your behalf on our credit application and other forms to support our product lease or other financing offerings, such as date of birth, Social Security number, bank routing information, and credit related information. We also receive information about you from consumer reporting agencies such as credit history and capacity.
From other sources: We also may receive information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, certified installers, third-party vehicle repair or service centers, and social media platforms.
Tesla Account: Customers who purchase certain Tesla products will receive a Tesla Account, which is hosted on our website. We may collect and process the following types of data for your Tesla Account that you elect to provide to us: your customer registration information; the status of your order; warranty and other documentation for your Tesla products; and general information about your Tesla products (including, for example, vehicle identification number or other product serial number, service plan information, or connectivity package), insurance forms, driver’s licenses, financing agreements, and similar information. You can access your Tesla Account to update the information from or about you in that account at any time.
Offline: We may collect information from or about you offline, such as when you visit a Tesla store or repair facility, attend one of our events, sign up for a test drive, place an order over the phone, or contact our customer service or sales department.
Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Digital Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other web traffic data. We, and our service providers, use the information for security purposes, to facilitate online navigation, to display information more effectively, to personalize your experience while using the Digital Services, and to otherwise analyze user activity. We can recognize your computer to assist your use of the Digital Services. We also gather statistical information about the usage of the Digital Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how the Digital Services are used, and assist us with resolving questions regarding the Digital Services. Cookies further allow us to select which of our offers are most likely to appeal to you and to display them to you. We may also use cookies to see how you interact with our offers, and we may use cookies or other files to understand your use of our websites.
Pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some Digital Services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Digital Services (including e-mail recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the Digital Services and response rates.
You can learn about Google’s practices in connection with this information collection and how to opt out of it by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
We may collect a variety of information from or about your Tesla vehicle, including:
Telematics log data: To improve our vehicles and services for you, we may collect certain telematics data regarding the performance, usage, operation, and condition of your Tesla vehicle, including: vehicle identification number; speed information; odometer readings; battery use management information; battery charging history; electrical system functions; software version information; infotainment system data; safety-related data and camera images (including information regarding the vehicle’s systems, braking and acceleration, security, e-brake, and accidents); short video clips of accidents; information regarding the use and operation of Autopilot, Summon, and other features; and other data to assist in identifying issues and analyzing the performance of the vehicle. We may collect such information either in person (such as during a service appointment) or via remote access.
Remote analysis data: We may be able to dynamically connect to your Tesla vehicle to diagnose and resolve issues with it, and this process may result in access to personal settings in the vehicle (such as contacts, browsing history, navigation history, and radio listening history). This dynamic connection also enables us to view the current location of your vehicle, but such access is restricted to a limited number of personnel within Tesla.
Other vehicle data: In order to help improve our products and services, we may collect and store other vehicle data, including: data about accidents involving your Tesla vehicle (e.g., air bag deployment and other recent sensor data); data about remote services (e.g., remote lock/unlock, start/stop charge, and honk-the-horn commands); a data report to confirm that your vehicle is online together with information about the current software version and certain telematics data; vehicle connectivity information; data about any issues that could materially impair operation of your vehicle; data about any safety-critical issues; and data about each software and firmware update. We may collect such information either in person (such as during a service appointment) or via remote access.
Service history: In order to facilitate the servicing of your car, we may collect and process data about the service history of each Tesla vehicle, such as the customer’s name, vehicle identification number, repair history, any outstanding recalls, any bills due, any customer complaints, and any other information related to its service history.
Charging station information: We may collect information regarding the charge rate and charging stations used by you (including outlets) in order to, e.g., analyze which charging stations are being utilized, how long and efficient battery charges are, and where additional charging stations are needed.
We may provide you with features in your Tesla vehicle, such as real-time traffic, Autopilot, and Summon, which make use of the road segment data of your vehicle and we may share this data with partners that contribute similar data to help us provide the service, but we only collect or share the data in a way that does not identify you or your car. We also may collect similar data in connection with other features, such as the navigation data for the online routing feature, and may share it with business partners where necessary to provide the feature to you, but, again, we only collect or share the data in a way that does not identify you or your car. We also only collect or share this data if you enable this collection, although if you do so, your vehicle may send this data to Tesla and its partners even if you are not actively using a feature that needs this information. You can enable or disable the collection and sharing of this data at any time via the “SHARING” setting in Controls > Settings > Safety & Security.
To further help develop and improve autonomous safety features, we may collect short video clips using the car’s external cameras to learn how to recognize things like lane lines, street signs, and traffic light positions. These short video clips are not linked to your vehicle identification number and we have ensured that there is no way to search our system for clips that are associated with a specific car. You can enable or disable the collection of these clips any time via the “SHARING” setting in Controls > Settings > Safety & Security.
If you no longer wish us to collect telematics log data or any other data from your Tesla vehicle, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section below. Please note that if you opt out from the collection of telematics log data or any other data from your Tesla vehicle (with the exception of the Data Sharing setting detailed above), we will not be able to notify you of issues applicable to your vehicle in real time. This may result in your vehicle suffering from reduced functionality, serious damage, or inoperability, and it may also disable many features of your vehicle including periodic software and firmware updates, remote services, and interactivity with mobile applications and in-car features such as location search, Internet radio, voice commands, and web browser functionality.
We may collect a variety of information from or about your Tesla energy products or your home from you, via a certified installer when one of our energy advisers visits your home, from your electric utility, or from the installed products (directly or via paired equipment, such as an inverter), including:
We may collect information about your product, such as your installation date, number of products installed, and serial number(s).
We may collect information about your home, such as the dimensions of your roof, the configuration of your electric system, and the capacity of any existing solar system.
In order to provide and improve our energy products and services, we may collect data regarding where your product is installed and how it is configured, data related to the product’s use and performance, data regarding your home energy consumption, and other data relevant to diagnose issues.
If you no longer wish us to collect performance data or any other data from your Tesla energy product, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section below. Please note that if you opt out from the collection of performance data from your Tesla energy product, we will not be able to notify you of issues applicable to your energy product in real time. This may result in your energy product suffering from reduced functionality, serious damage, or inoperability, and it may also disable many features of your energy product including periodic software and firmware updates.
We may use information we collect to communicate with you, to provide and improve our products and services, and for the purposes listed below:
We may use information we collect to communicate with you, including:
To set up, evaluate, and provide feedback regarding your Tesla test drive, a home visit by one of our energy advisers, or the installation of your energy product.
To advise you of important safety-related information about your vehicle or energy product or to notify first responders in the event of an accident involving your vehicle.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our products and services, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To present products and offers tailored to you and to enhance our lists with information from other sources.
To allow you to participate in contests and similar promotions and to administer these activities.
To facilitate social sharing and communications functionality.
Receiving electronic communications from us or our affiliates: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related e-mails from us or our affiliates, you may opt out of receiving them by following the opt-out instructions in any marketing e-mail received from us or by contacting us at the address below. Please note that we may still send you important administrative and safety messages even if you opt out of receiving marketing e-mails.
Receiving marketing-related calls from us: If you receive a marketing-related call from us and do not want to receive similar calls in the future, simply ask to be placed on our “do not call” list. Please note that we may still call you regarding administrative, safety, or product service issues even if you opt out of receiving marketing calls.
To provide and improve our products and services
We may use information we collect to provide and improve our products and services, including:
To complete and fulfill your purchase, e.g., to process your payments, fulfill your requests for product financing, have your order delivered to you, communicate with you regarding your purchase, and provide you with related customer service.
To provide service to your Tesla product, such as to contact you with service recommendations and to deliver over-the-air updates to your product.
To monitor your Tesla product’s performance and provide services related to your product.
To develop and promote new products and services, and to improve or modify our existing products and services.
To analyze and improve the safety and security of our products and services.
We also may use information we collect for other purposes, including:
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and operating and expanding our business activities.
Except as described above and below, Tesla may use or share information that does not personally identify you for any purpose, such as for operational or research purposes, for industry analysis, to improve or modify our products and services, to better tailor our products and services to your needs, and where legally required.
How We May Share Information We Collect
We may share information we collect with our service providers and business partners, with other third parties you authorize, with other third parties when required by law, and in other circumstances. Examples of how we share information with these parties and under these circumstances are provided below.
With our service providers and business partners
We may share information with our service providers and business partners when necessary to perform services on our or on your behalf, such as in the following circumstances:
With Tesla affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Tesla affiliates are companies that are owned or controlled by Tesla, Inc. and companies in which Tesla, Inc. has a substantial ownership interest.
With other third party business partners to the extent that they are involved in the purchase, lease, or service of your Tesla products. We share limited information from or about you or your Tesla products to allow you to take advantage of those services if you elect to utilize them, with such partners as finance, leasing, registration, title companies, electric utilities, permitting authorities and insurance companies.
With other third parties you authorize
We may share information with other third parties you authorize, such as in the following circumstances:
With our certified installers, where we do not directly sell you the energy products that you have requested, or with third party utilities or energy services companies, where you have agreed to allow them to monitor or control your energy product.
With third party service centers or providers, if you choose to utilize them. Note that some information about you is stored on certain Tesla products and may be accessible directly to the third party service centers or providers that you choose to utilize to diagnose or service your Tesla product.
With third-party sponsors of contests and similar promotions, if you elect to participate.
With your social media account provider, if you connect your Tesla Account and your social media account. If you do so, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the social media account provider’s privacy policy.
Tesla may transfer and disclose information, including information that may or may not personally identify you, to third parties to comply with a legal obligation (including, but not limited to, subpoenas); when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; in response to a lawful request by governmental authorities conducting an investigation, including to comply with law enforcement requirements; to verify or enforce our policies and procedures; to respond to an emergency; to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable; or to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of our products and services, Tesla, third parties, visitors, or the public, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
We may share information in other circumstances, such as:
With your employer or other fleet operator or the owner of the Tesla product, if you do not directly own it and as authorized under applicable law.
With a third party in connection with any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We do not share information that personally identifies you with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes unless you opt in to that sharing.
If you wish to opt out of any processing of information for which you have provided your prior explicit opt-in consent, you may do so by contacting us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Our products and services are controlled and operated from the United States. Information from or about you or your use of our products or services may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided that information. When we transfer information from or about you or your use of our products or services to other countries, we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy. By using our products or services, or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the transfer of information from or about you or your use of our products or services to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States.
If you are located in the or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements for the transfer of personal information to countries outside of the or Switzerland. In particular, Tesla has certified its adherence to the EU-Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce and the European Commission, and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with respect to the processing of certain personal information transferred from the and Switzerland to Tesla and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Tesla’s Privacy Shield Policy is available here . In addition, Tesla has entered into Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission where appropriate.
We may rely on various legal grounds to collect, use, and otherwise process your information, including: your consent; that the information is necessary for the performance of a contract with you; to comply with a legal obligation; to protect your, or someone else’s vital interests; or for a legitimate interest that is balanced against your rights and interests. These legitimate interests may include Tesla’s interest in improving its products and services, enhancing safety and security, protecting Tesla or its business partners against wrongful conduct, and responding to customer inquiries and claims. Where applicable, we will inform you whether and why we need certain information from you, for example, whether we need the information to fulfill a legal or contractual requirement and what the consequences are of not providing the information.
Tesla International is responsible for processing your personal information.  We have appointed a Data Protection Officer, who can be contacted by:
sending an e-mail to DPO@tesla.com ;
As detailed in the sections above, we give you many choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of information from or about you or your use of our products or services. These include:
Disabling the collection of performance data from your Tesla energy product.
Opting out of other types of data processing for which you have provided your prior explicit opt-in consent.
In certain jurisdictions you may have the rights to request access to and receive information about certain information we maintain about you; update and correct inaccuracies in that information; have the information restricted or deleted; object or withdraw your consent to certain uses of information; and lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. You may also have the right to data portability with regard to the data you provided to us. These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law.
You have several methods to exercise your rights, including:
You can access your Tesla Account to update the information from or about you in that account at any time.
If you would like to exercise your rights in relation to information from or about you, you may contact us at the address below.
In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have the information that you have provided to us suppressed from our database, or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of the information that you have provided to us. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the information associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send us your request, or we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “How to Contact Us” section below.
If you sell or transfer your Tesla product to another person, please notify us so that we can determine whether additional steps are required to help safeguard information from or about you from disclosure to the purchaser or transferee of the Tesla product.
We will retain information we collect from or about our customers, our products, and our services for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. When the information is no longer necessary for these purposes, we delete it or keep it in a form that does not identify you. When determining this retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature of our relationship with you, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, and retention periods required by law.
Our products and services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we request that these individuals not provide any information to Tesla.
Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, or wireless service provider, including any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our software applications or social media pages.
via e‐mail at privacy@tesla.com ;
Tesla, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, “Tesla U.S.”) have subscribed to and will comply with the EU-Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-Privacy Shield Framework (the “Frameworks”) as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the processing of Personal Information (as defined below) that is transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Tesla has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles (the “Principles”). If there is any conflict between this Policy and the Principles, the Principles will govern.  To learn more about the Frameworks, and to view our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov .
Tesla may receive from the and Switzerland some or all of the information listed in our Customer Privacy Policy . Some of that information may qualify as “personal information” or “personal data” (collectively, “Personal Information”) as defined in the Principles. To the extent that Tesla receives Personal Information from the and Switzerland in reliance on the Frameworks, Tesla will handle such Personal Information in accordance with the Principles.
Tesla may use the Personal Information it receives from the and Switzerland for the purposes set forth in our Customer Privacy Policy or as you may otherwise be notified. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information we process is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current to the extent necessary for the purposes for which we use the Personal Information. We will not process Personal Information in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you. We will adhere to the Principles for as long as we retain the Personal Information collected under the Frameworks.
Our Customer Privacy Policy describes the circumstances in which we may disclose your information to third parties. We remain responsible for the processing of Personal Information received under the Frameworks and subsequently transferred to a third party acting as an agent if the agent processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We use reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information.
We will give you an opportunity to choose whether your Personal Information may be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, or if we intend to disclose it to a third party acting as a data controller that we have not previously disclosed to you. In such circumstances, we will notify you and offer you the opportunity to opt out of such uses and/or disclosures where non-sensitive Personal Information is involved, and to opt in where sensitive Personal Information is involved.
Our Customer Privacy Policy sets forth methods by which you may access and/or submit requests to review, correct, update, suppress, or delete information from or about you. Tesla will comply with the Principles in its handling of such requests with respect to Personal Information.
If you have any questions or concerns, please write to us at the address listed below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the Principles.
If an issue cannot be resolved through Tesla’s internal dispute resolution mechanism, you may submit a complaint, at no cost, to , which serves as Tesla’s third-party alternative dispute resolution provider. For claimed violations of the Principles not resolved by these mechanisms, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration as detailed in the Principles.
This Policy may be changed from time to time, consistent with the requirements of the Frameworks. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the bottom of this Policy. Any changes to this Policy will become effective when posted to our website.
Tesla Updates are emails, calls or messages via the Tesla app (all of them referred to as ‘messages’) that provide more information on Tesla products, services and regional events. We are requesting this consent on our own behalf and that of our regional subsidiaries. You can withdraw your consent to receive commercial electronic messages at any time by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of these emails or Tesla app message, or letting our customer representative know about your decision. Some messages directly related to a Tesla purchase cannot be opted out of.
On June 12, 2014, Tesla announced that it will not initiate patent lawsuits against anyone who, in good faith, wants to use its technology. Tesla was created to accelerate the advent of sustainable transport, and this policy is intended to encourage the advancement of a common, rapidly-evolving platform for electric vehicles, thereby benefiting Tesla, other companies making electric vehicles, and the world.  These guidelines provide further detail as to how we are implementing this policy.
Tesla irrevocably pledges that it will not initiate a lawsuit against any party for infringing a Tesla Patent through activity relating to electric vehicles or related equipment for so long as such party is acting in good faith.  Key terms of the Pledge are explained below.
"Tesla Patents" means all patents owned now or in the future by Tesla (other than a patent owned jointly with a third party or any patent that Tesla later acquires that comes with an encumbrance that prevents it from being subject to this Pledge).  list of Tesla Patents subject to the Pledge will be maintained at the following URL: https://www.tesla.com/about/legal#patent-list .
party is "acting in good faith" for so long as such party and its related or affiliated companies have not:
challenged, helped others challenge, or had a financial stake in any challenge to any Tesla patent; or
Should Tesla ever transfer a Tesla Patent to a third party, it will do so only to a party that agrees, by means of a public declaration intended to be binding on such party, to provide the same protection that Tesla provided under the Pledge and to place the same requirement on any subsequent transferee.
The Pledge, which is irrevocable and legally binding on Tesla and its successors, is a "standstill," meaning that it is a forbearance of enforcement of Tesla’s remedies against any party for claims of infringement for so long as such party is acting in good faith.  In order for Tesla to preserve its ability to enforce the Tesla Patents against any party not acting in good faith, the Pledge is not a waiver of any patent claims (including claims for damages for past acts of infringement) and is not a license, covenant not to sue, or authorization to engage in patented activities or a limitation on remedies, damages or claims.  Except as expressly stated in the Pledge, no rights shall be deemed granted, waived or received by implication, exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise.  Finally, the Pledge is not an indication of the value of an arms-length, negotiated license or a reasonable royalty.
What this pledge means is that as long as someone uses our patents for electric vehicles and doesn’t do bad things, such as knocking off our products or using our patents and then suing us for intellectual property infringement, they should have no fear of Tesla asserting its patents against them.
Method and apparatus for mounting, cooling, connecting and protecting batteries
System and method for an efficient rotor for an electric motor
Method and apparatus for mounting, cooling, connecting and protecting batteries
Mitigation of propagation of thermal runaway in a multi-cell battery pack
Active thermal runaway mitigation system for use within a battery pack
Battery pack with cell-level fusing and method of using same
Host initiated state control of remote client in communications system
Method and apparatus for mounting, cooling, connecting and protecting batteries
Mitigation of propagation of thermal runaway in a multi-cell battery pack
Active thermal runaway mitigation system for use within a battery pack
Battery pack with cell-level fusing and method of using same
Host initiated state control of remote client in communications system
Mitigation of propagation of thermal runaway in a multi-cell battery pack
Active thermal runaway mitigation system for use within a battery pack
Battery pack with cell-level fusing and method of using same
Mitigation of propagation of thermal runaway in a multi-cell battery pack
Battery pack with cell-level fusing and method of using same
Active thermal runaway mitigation system for use within a battery pack
Host initiated state control of remote client in communications system
Active thermal runaway mitigation system for use within battery pack
Method and device for maintaining completeness of cell wall using high yield strength external sleeve
System for improving cycle lifetime for lithium-ion battery pack and battery cell pack charging system
Method and apparatus for mounting, cooling, connecting and protecting batteries
Battery pack having resistance to propagation of thermal runaway of cell
Battery pack provided with fuse at cell level and method for using the same
System for absorbing and diffusing side impact energy using battery pack
Battery Pack Dehumidification System and the Method of Controlling the Humidity of a Battery Pack
Mitigation of propagation of thermal runaway in a multi-cell battery pack
Method for interconnection of battery packs and battery assembly containing interconnected battery packs
Method and apparatus for maintaining cell wall integrity during thermal runaway using an outer layer of intumescent material
Method and apparatus for maintaining cell wall integrity during thermal runaway using a high yield strength outer sleeve
Battery charging time optimization system based on battery temperature, cooling system power demand, and availability of surplus external power
Cell thermal runaway propagation resistance using an internal layer of intumescent material
Voltage estimation feedback of overmodulated signal for an electrical vehicle
Thermal energy transfer system for a power source utilizing both metal-air and non-metal-air battery packs
Cell cap assembly with recessed terminal and enlarged insulating gasket
Cell cap assembly with recessed terminal and enlarged insulating gasket
Battery thermal event detection system using an electrical conductor with a thermally interruptible insulator
Efficient dual source battery pack system for an electric vehicle
Efficient dual source battery pack system for an electric vehicle
Leakage current reduction in combined motor drive and energy storage recharge system
Method and apparatus for maintaining cell wall integrity using a high yield strength outer casing
System and method for an efficient rotor for an electric motor
Cell separator for minimizing thermal runaway propagation within a battery pack
Method and apparatus for the external application of a battery pack adhesive
Method and apparatus for electrically cycling a battery cell to simulate an internal short
Charge rate modulation of metal-air cells as a function of ambient oxygen concentration
Front rail configuration for the front structure of a vehicle
Thermal energy transfer system for a power source utilizing both metal-air and non-metal-air battery packs
Method of operating a recharging system utilizing a voltage dividing heater
Dual motor drive and control system for an electric vehicle
Rigid cell separator for minimizing thermal runaway propagation within a battery pack
Control system for use with a dual hinged vehicle door
Thermal barrier structure for containing thermal runaway propagation within a battery pack
Overmolded thermal interface for use with a battery cooling system
Efficient dual source battery pack system for an electric vehicle
Method for making an efficient rotor for an electric motor
Charge rate modulation of metal-air cells as a function of ambient oxygen concentration
System for absorbing and distributing side impact energy utilizing a side sill assembly with a collapsible sill insert
System for absorbing and distributing side impact energy utilizing an integrated battery pack and side sill assembly
Extruded and ribbed thermal interface for use with a battery cooling system
Method of operating a dual motor drive and control system for an electric vehicle
Method and apparatus for extending lifetime for rechargeable stationary energy storage devices
Multiport vehicle dc charging system with variable power distribution according to power distribution rules
Detection of high voltage electrolysis of coolant in a battery pack
Method of controlling system temperature to extend battery pack life
Battery pack configuration to reduce hazards associated with internal short circuits
Thermal management system for use with an integrated motor assembly
Host initiated state control of remote client in communications system
System for absorbing and distributing side impact energy utilizing an integrated battery pack
Active thermal runaway mitigation system for use within a battery pack
Steady state detection of an exceptional charge event in a series connected battery element
Charge rate modulation of metal-air cells as a function of ambient oxygen concentration
Active louver system for controlled airflow in a multi-function automotive radiator and condenser system
All prices specified are recommended retail prices. Prices are current at the time of publication and subject to change without notice.
TESLA, "IS" LAW, KIND, IMPLIED, MERCHANTABILITY, PURPOSE, ACCURATE, INACCURACIES.
These are sources for various systems on Tesla Model S/X/3. The directory structure is as follows:
Cellular modem modules for Model S/X/3
The services or charges described below may result in charges to you, even if someone else is using your vehicle. Tesla may collect payment from you, including by using the credit card saved in your Tesla Account. Charges may include taxes as required by law. You will be able to review a summary of transactions in your Tesla Account. If we are unable to collect payment, we may contact you based on your information on file, or may request payment when we are performing services for you. If you do not pay past due amounts we may limit or block your vehicle's ability to use the related services until payment issues are resolved. For information on how we handle your credit card information, please see our Privacy Policy .
In consideration of others who need to use a Supercharger, we ask that you move your vehicle when it is finished charging. To encourage this, you will incur an idle fee for the time your car remains parked in a charging stall after it is finished charging. We will waive the idle fee if your car is moved within five minutes after it is finished charging, and the idle fee will not accumulate while less than half of the charging stalls at your location are occupied. All vehicles are subject to idle fees, regardless of when your vehicle was purchased. To avoid idle fees, we recommend you monitor your vehicle while using a Supercharger and encourage you to use the Tesla mobile app to track your vehicle's charge status.
Idle fees are incurred on a per minute basis. The idle fee rate for each location may change from time to time, and the latest information is provided in the map pin pop-up (accessible through the navigation application on your vehicle touchscreen). By remaining parked in a charging stall after your vehicle is finished charging, you accept the idle fee rate communicated to you through the map pin pop-up. For additional information, please see our idle fee support page and address other inquiries to ServiceHelpNA@tesla.com .
All vehicles ordered after January 15, 2017, and vehicles ordered by January 15, 2017 but built after April 15, 2017, are enabled for Supercharging on a pay per use basis. Any credits for free Supercharging that are given with the purchase of a vehicle, including any annual renewal of credits, expire upon the sale or transfer of the vehicle and are not transferable to any subsequent vehicle owner, or to any other vehicle. Credits for Supercharging expire after a set period of time and do not rollover into future periods.
Pay per use billing is on a per kilowatt hour basis in jurisdictions where this is feasible, and as a service fee on a per minute basis in other jurisdictions. The pay per use billing unit and rate for each location may change from time to time, and the latest information is provided in the map pin pop-up (accessible through the navigation application on your vehicle touchscreen). By charging your vehicle in a particular location, you accept the price of charging communicated to you through the map pin pop-up. For additional information, please see our Supercharger support page and address other inquiries to ServiceHelpNA@tesla.com .
We are continually expanding our global network of Supercharger stations to enable personal long distance travel and to provide a charging solution for those without immediate access to home or workplace charging, thereby accelerating the widespread adoption of electric vehicles. When Superchargers are used beyond their intended purpose, it negatively impacts the availability of Supercharging services for others.
To help ensure that Superchargers are available for their intended use, we ask that you not charge your vehicle using a Supercharger if your vehicle is being used:
for any other commercial venture.
If you charge your vehicle in a manner that does not comply with this Supercharger Fair Use Policy, we may ask you to modify this behavior. We may also take additional action to protect the availability of Superchargers for their intended purpose, such as limiting or blocking your vehicle’s ability to use Supercharger stations.
This Policy applies to all Superchargers worldwide and all Tesla vehicles purchased, either new or used, whether from Tesla or a third party, after December 15, 2017. Tesla may choose to exclude certain Supercharger stations or occasional trips from the scope of this Policy, such as to accommodate specific local circumstances.
We encourage the commercial use of Tesla vehicles while using appropriate charging solutions. Please reach out to your local sales contact to explore vehicle and charging options that suit your needs. For questions related to home charging, please contact charginginstallation@tesla.com .
An unsupported or salvaged vehicle is a vehicle that has been declared a total loss, commonly after extensive damage caused by a crash, flooding, fire, or similar hazard, and has been (or qualifies to be) registered and/or titled by its owner as a salvaged vehicle or its equivalent pursuant to local jurisdiction or industry practice. Salvage registration/titling typically can never be removed from the vehicle so that all future persons understand the condition and value of the vehicle. Tesla does not warrant the safety or operability of salvaged vehicles. Repairs performed to bring a salvaged vehicle back into service may not meet Tesla standards or specifications and that is why the vehicle is unsupported.  Consequently, any failures, damages, or injuries occurring as a result of such repairs or continued operation of an unsupported vehicle are solely the responsibility of the vehicle owner.
Until Tesla can confirm that the vehicle is in compliance with Tesla’s safety standards and vehicle specifications, Tesla does not perform or support repairs involving the (high-voltage) battery systems in the vehicle because of the potential for the salvage vehicle to have sustained damage that:
Makes the vehicle unsafe to drive
Makes the vehicle unsafe for any repair technicians that might work on the vehicle
Might damage Tesla equipment, such as Superchargers
When a vehicle is classified as a salvaged vehicle:
Any Tesla limited warranties and extended service agreements for the vehicle are void.
NOTE: Repairs due to recalls will be performed unless the safe repair of the vehicle is prevented either by the condition of the vehicle or by vehicle modifications not installed by Tesla. If the Tesla Service Center determines that the vehicle is not safe to repair, the recall-related repair will not be performed until the customer has returned the vehicle to a condition that the Service Center determines is safe to repair.
Supercharging is permanently disabled.
Parts availability is not affected. Any Unrestricted or Over-the-Counter part may be purchased for a salvage-titled vehicle.
“Salvage-Titled Vehicle Safety Inspection” may be performed (at the customer’s expense) on the vehicle to determine if the HV-related components are safe to work on or access.
Click here to check if your car is affected by a recall.
Tesla expects our suppliers to conduct their worldwide operations in responsible manner in adherence of this policy and the principles enumerated herein. Tesla works collaboratively with our suppliers to encourage compliance with the following principles:
Tesla suppliers are to ensure their operations and the products and services supplied to Tesla comply with all national and other applicable laws and regulations.
Tesla's suppliers are expected to use reasonable efforts to ensure that parts and products supplied to Tesla are "conflict-free," meaning that such conflict minerals do not benefit armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Conflict-free means such parts and supplies do not contain metals derived from "conflict minerals" which are defined as:
The goal of this policy is to ensure that Tesla's products do not directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups through mining or mineral trading in the and adjoining countries. Tesla requires its suppliers to establish policies, due diligence frameworks, and management systems, consistent with the Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas , that are designed to accomplish this goal. Tesla expects its suppliers to stay up-to-date with and to use validated conflict free smelters and refiners assessed by the Responsible Mineral Initiative and similar organizations. Tesla performs ongoing due diligence and files annual reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Tesla is committed to ensuring that its suppliers do not use slave or child labor or engage in human trafficking. Tesla does not, and will not, tolerate the use of slave or child labor in the manufacture of its products and does not, and will not, accept products or services from suppliers that engage in human trafficking in any form. Human trafficking, child labor and slavery are crimes under state, federal and international law. These crimes exist in countries throughout the world.
Tesla will do the following to ensure compliance by its suppliers with this policy as required by law and as needed:
Evaluate its supply chain to address risks related to conflict minerals, human trafficking, slavery and child labor;
Audit suppliers, to evaluate supplier compliance with Tesla's Human Rights and Conflict Minerals Policy;
Require direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into Tesla products comply with the laws regarding conflict minerals, slavery, child labor and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business;
Discipline employees or contractors, including potential termination of contract, who fail to meet Tesla's Human Rights and Conflict Minerals Policy;
Train certain Tesla employees regarding conflict minerals, human trafficking, child labor and slavery, particularly with respect to mitigating risks within the Tesla's supply chain;
Investigate if Tesla has a reasonable basis to believe that a Tesla supplier is engaging in human trafficking, slave or child labor, or use of conflict minerals; and
Transition away from purchasing goods or services from any supplier that is believed to be engaging in human trafficking, slave or child labor, or use of conflict minerals if the supplier does not take corrective actions within a reasonable period of time.
You may contact Tesla's Board of Directors to provide comments or to report concerns. Please write to:
You may submit your concern anonymously or confidentially by postal mail. You may also indicate whether you are a shareholder, customer, supplier, or other interested party.
You may also provide comments or report concerns by email to: legal@tesla.com .
Tesla Conflict Minerals ReportElon Musk is the co-founder and at Tesla, overseeing all product design, engineering and manufacturing of the company's electric vehicles, battery products, and Solar Roofs.
Since the company’s inception in 2003, Tesla’s mission has been to accelerate the world’s transition to a sustainable energy future. The first Tesla product, the Roadster sports car, debuted in 2008, followed by the Model sedan, which was introduced in 2012, and the Model SUV, which launched in 2015. Model was named Motor Trend 2013 Car of the Year and received Consumer Reports’ Best Overall Car, while Model was the first ever to earn 5-star safety ratings in every category and sub-category in the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s tests. In 2017, Tesla began deliveries of Model 3 , a $35,000 mass-market electric car with over 215 miles of range, and unveiled Tesla Semi , which is designed to save owners at least $200,000 over a million miles based on fuel costs alone.
Tesla also produces two energy storage products, the Powerwall home battery and the Powerpack industrial-scale battery. In 2016, Tesla became the world’s first vertically-integrated sustainable energy company with the acquisition of SolarCity, the leading provider of solar power systems in the United States, and in 2017 released Solar Roof – a beautiful and affordable energy generation product.
Elon is also the co-founder, and lead designer of Space Exploration Technologies ( Space), where he oversees the development and manufacturing of advanced rockets and spacecraft for missions to and beyond Earth orbit, with the goal of creating a self-sustaining city on Mars. He is also of Neuralink , which is developing ultra-high bandwidth brain-machine interfaces to connect the human brain to computers. Elon also founded and serves as of The Boring Company , which combines fast, affordable tunneling technology with an all-electric public transportation system in order to alleviate soul-crushing urban congestion and enable high-speed long-distance travel.
Previously, Elon co-founded and sold PayPal, the world's leading Internet payment system, and Zip2, one of the first internet maps and directions services, which helped bring major publishers like the New York Times and Hearst online.
The Perfect Company Car
Low cost of ownership | Long range with zero emissions | Five star vehicle safety rating
Reduce the cost and environmental impact of your company fleet
Low operating costs and access to the 
            Charge times are approximate. Charge cost assumes national average of 
 per kilowatt hour. 
 amp / 240 volt circuit breaker will achieve the maximum charge rate of 
Tesla Service includes everything needed to keep your Tesla in great condition.
Experience driving a Model or Model at your local Tesla store.
You may also request an onsite visit for all of your colleagues to experience a Tesla.
Thank you for your interests in Tesla Corporate Services. Please complete the form below. Once you submit this form, a Tesla representative will contact you soon.
Thank you for your interests in Tesla Corporate Services. Please complete the form below. Once you submit this form, a Tesla representative will contact you soon.
is now part of Tesla.  If you are an existing customer you can
                Solar panels produce renewable clean energy while securing low utility rates.                Our panels exceed industry standards for durability and lifespan.            
Our solar panels blend into your roof with integrated front skirts and no visible mounting hardware. The result is a clean, streamlined look.
Powerwall charges with energy produced by solar panels, making that energy available when needed, day or night. Powerwall also enables your solar panels to produce energy during grid outages.                        
Hong Kong S.A.R., China
Macao S.A.R., China
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
When do you want us to call you? 
By clicking Submit, agree to be contacted at the number provided with more information or offers about Tesla products. understand these calls or texts may use computer-assisted dialing or pre-recorded messages. This consent is not a condition of purchase.
Hong Kong S.A.R., China
Macao S.A.R., China
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
