Junction’s multi-cell technology is the engine of choice for space and terrestrial power applications.
Junction’s proprietary technology platform maintains the lattice-matched paradigm – the foundation of reliability for cells and compound semiconductor devices.
Our production cells have set multiple world record efficiencies.
was founded in 2007 to develop and commercialize the world’s highest efficiency multi-cells for the terrestrial concentrated photovoltaic (CPV) market. Since then, our products have set two world records for cell efficiency and we have extended our semiconductor technology platform into additional markets. is currently developing and manufacturing next-generation cells for space power applications.
has a complete, in-house production line at its San Jose and Sunnyvale manufacturing facilities, with capabilities ranging from research and design to production epi growth, wafer fabrication, and testing.Corporation, based in San Jose, California, designs and manufactures the world’s highest efficiency terrestrial and space cell products. Founded in 2007, has achieved multiple world records for cell efficiency and has successfully extended its patented semiconductor technology platform to develop innovative products for terrestrial power, space power, and optoelectronics applications.
With Junction’s in-house capabilities and qualified manufacturing partners, we fully support our customers from product conception to high volume production.
For more information, please contact us at info@sj-solar.com.
is currently hiring.  We are accepting resumes/CVs for the following positions:
Hamid Torabi is Chairman and of and an executive member of Taqnia International Company. Hamid joined in 2013 following a 30-year career with Corporation, where he last served as Director of Research for the Middle East and Africa. During his time at IBM, Hamid held various technical, strategic, and executive positions in the areas of semiconductor manufacturing, operations, and business development. He has served on the board of directors of a number of joint venture companies, including Semiconductor (acquired by AG), Mi(acquired by Philips Semiconductors), and Japan Ltd.’s Yasu.
Sabeur Siala has 20 years of industry experience including 18 years in the photonics industry. Prior to joining Corp., Sabeur led talented engineering and manufacturing teams that developed and commercialized innovative products in opto-electronic components and subsystems, optical networking equipment, and sensors. He started his career at SDL, Inc. (acquired by JDSU) before co-founding LuxN, Inc. (acquired by Zhone, NASDAQ: ). He led engineering at Santur Corp. (acquired by Neophotonics Corp NYSE: ), (acquired by OptaSense /QinetiLSE: .), K2 Optronics (acquired by Emcore NASDAQ: ). Sabeur holds a Ph.from Univ. of Southern California and a from Georgia Tech, both in Electrical Engineering.
Dr. Zhang joined in February of 2009.  From 2009 to 2014, Dr. Zhang served as Director of Process Development and Director of Wafer Fab Operations for the company.  Prior to joining Junction, Dr. Zhang served various senior technical, operations and management positions in disk drive, photonics and display industries such as Seagate, New Focus and Collinear for fifteen years. Dr. Zhang holds a Ph.in materials science and engineering from The University of Texas at Austin and a master of science in materials engineering from The University of Alabama.  He also holds a master and a bachelor of science in materials engineering from Shanghai University.  Dr. Zhang authored and co-authored three patents and twelve publications in referred journals.
and Sierra Nevada Launch Disruptive Space Array Technology
Teams with Industrial Partner Panasonic to Develop Lightweight High-Efficiency Module
Driving Innovation in Technology
Dr. Michael Wiemer, Co-Founder & Vice President, Speaks at Stanford University
Junction's 5Order from SolFocus
to Present at CPV-8 in Toledo, Spain
Junction's Commercial‐Ready Cell Achieves 41.4% Efficiency, 
Junction’s commercial-ready cell receives an verification of
is awarded a $3 million Photovoltaic Incubator subcontractor from the Department of Energy’s National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
