Solar energy with integrated storage.
#We are Solar Thermal 
Heliostats and Collector Field Controls
Commercial & Industrial Solar for South Africa
Commercial & Industrial Solar for the Middle East 
Lesedi Solar Power Project
The Intersection of Art and 
About is a leading global developer of utility-scale solar power projects, which include electricity generation by solar thermal energy and photovoltaic panels. In addition, has commercialized a proprietary advanced solar thermal with integrated molten salt energy storage that solves the intermittency issues experienced with other renewable energy sources. This proven US-developed generates renewable baseload and dispatchable power and can compete with traditional fossil-fired and nuclear electricity generation. The company currently has more than $1.8 billion of projects in operation worldwide, with development and long-term power contracts for 775 megawatts (MW) of solar projects representing $3.4 billion of project capital.
The global demand for renewable energy generation is expected to grow by 45% by 2020 which would require over $1.1 trillion of additional investment 
, after global investments topped $270 billion in 2014. As renewable energy penetration grows, the need for utility-scale renewable generation with storage is increasingly important to mitigate intermittency problems, deliver power into peak demand periods, and support transmission system reliability.
Since the company's formation in early 2008, SolarReserve's experienced team of power project professionals has assembled an extensive global development pipeline of 8 gigawatts (GW) across the world's most attractive, high growth renewable energy markets. The robust portfolio is strategically positioned to secure power offtake contracts, and includes advanced solar thermal (Concentrating Solar Power or “CSP”), photovoltaic (PV) technology, and hybrid (combined and PV). SolarReserve’s hybrid CSP/solutions eliminate the intermittency issues associated with PV-only projects while providing cost efficient and reliable electricity generation.
is headquartered in Santa Monica, California, and maintains a global presence with five international offices strategically located in Africa, the Americas, the Asia-Pacific region, the Middle East to support its widespread project development activities across more than 20 countries. The experienced management team has a proven track record of success in the energy infrastructure sector with over 27 and $48 billion of transaction experience in 25 countries. The company deploys the full spectrum of development, engineering, finance, project management, operation and maintenance, and product development expertise.
Frost & Sullivan Annual Renewable Energy Outlook 2014 and World Energy Investment Outlook 2014
Lee Bailey is a founder and Managing Director of Renewables Group (USRG), a private equity firm based in Los Angeles that invests in renewable power and clean fuel companies and projects. Prior to founding USRG, he was a partner with Rustic Canyon Partners, a venture capital fund based in Los Angeles, where he led their clean energy practice. Subsequent to the formation of USRG, Bailey continues with Rustic Canyon as an advisory partner on energy opportunities.
Bailey started his career as an attorney. In 1986, he became General Counsel for Energy Conversion Devices, Inc. (ECD; NASDAQ: ENER), a publicly traded renewable energy development company, serving in a number of senior management positions with and its subsidiaries. In 1994, he was appointed founding director of the Israel Fund, a $60 million joint US/Israeli government fund to commercialize in the areas of energy, information and biotechnology. In 1995, he was appointed the White House Director of International Science and Commercialization initiatives for Russia, Egypt, Jordan, Israel and South Africa. In 1997, Bailey was the founding of the Rural Health Care Corporation. In 2001, he joined Rustic Canyon Partners.
Bailey received his law degree from Washington University School of Law, an degree from Northwestern University and a degree from St. Lawrence University.
Quentin Van Doosselaere joined Bregal in January 2009. Following his business school graduation in 1984, he moved to New York and began his career at Drexel Burnham Lambert. He then joined Bankers Trust Co. as a Managing Director and ran various global capital markets businesses. In the mid-nineties, he held executive positions in a number of non-profit organizations before going into academia. He was affiliated with Columbia University and Oxford University when he joined Bregal.
Van Doosselaere serves as a member on the investment committees of Bregal Capital, Bregal Sagemount, Bregal Partners, Bregal Energy, Bregal Private Equity Partners, Ranch Capital Investment and Birchill Exploration. He holds a degree from the Solvay Business School and a Phfrom Columbia University.
Vincent Fandozzi is the managing partner of Seven Mile Capital Partners, having founded the firm in 2011. Seven Mile Capital Partners heritage originates from a core group of professionals that worked together at Citigroup, Inc. investing and managing a global portfolio of over $6.0 billion in assets and over 100 distinct private equity investments that spanned North America, Asia, Europe and the Middle East.
Prior to Seven Mile Capital Partners, Fandozzi was Global Head of Private Equity and Alternative Investments at Citi Holdings since 2009. Prior to this, he was Global Head of M&for all of Citigroup’s corporate M&activities. Before taking on an executive role at Citigroup, he spent 9 years in the Citigroup Investment Banks’ M&group advising clients in a number of different industries including telecom & technology, retail & consumer products and the heath care sectors.
Prior to joining Citigroup, Fandozzi worked in Corporate Finance at Bear Stearns & Co. and at Ernst & Young.
Prior to joining Renewables Group, Jim McDermott started his career as a public power banker with Credit Suisse First Boston’s Municipal Finance Group in New York City. Working in a variety of roles including new issue, refinancing, capital markets and derivatives, he covered several of CSFB’s clients in the western United States. Clients included Southern California Public Power Authority (SCCPA), Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (LADWP), Washington Public Power Supply System (WPPSS) and Salt River Project (SRP), Intermountain Power Authority (IPA) and several other West Coast municipal utilities.
During his tenure at CSFB, he structured, refinanced and issued over $3 billion in corporate, general obligation, revenue-backed, industrial development and tax-anticipation bonds. In addition to his time as a public finance banker, McDermott has also worked in private equity and as an entrepreneur. As a private equity investor, McDermott interned for Allen & Company, Inc. and Prudential’s Private Capital Group. McDermott focused on development stage energy projects, early-stage software technologies and private placements for independent power producers.
As an entrepreneur, McDermott founded several software startups and invested in numerous others. He founded, conceived, launched and ran Stamps.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: STMP). He grew the company to over 300 employees in three years, raising in excess of $400 million of debt and equity financing, negotiating major relationships with 3M, Deluxe, ZDNet, Westvaco, OfficeDepot and America Online, overseeing company business development efforts and setting corporate strategy.
McDermott holds a in Philosophy from Colorado College and an from the Anderson School at UCLA.
Tom Georgis is SolarReserve’s Chief Executive Officer, driving the company’s continued worldwide growth through strategic solar project development and equipment supply activities, along with advancement of the company’s innovative thermal energy storage technologies.
Georgis has more than 28 years of experience in the energy, technology, and government service sectors. For the past 10 years, he has been an integral part of SolarReserve’s executive team, serving as the company’s Senior Vice President, leading it’s expansion across the Americas, Asia and Australia. He was instrumental in advancing strategic partnerships that will facilitate the deployment of the company’s advanced in China. He led the development and financing of SolarReserve’s flagship Crescent Dunes 110 project in Nevada, the world’s first utility scale solar thermal project with 1,100 MW-hours of integrated molten salt energy storage, and spearheaded diversification of its patented core with applications that leverage the company’s expertise in developing and commercializing long-term thermal energy storage solutions.
Prior to joining SolarReserve, Georgis was Managing Director at Globaltec Solutions, a privately held company delivering innovative products and services to the global financial community, where he oversaw all aspects of worldwide corporate operations. He also served as Principal and Managing Director at Exodus Energy, an energy sector advisory and development company, responsible for creating and executing strategic business plans on behalf of clients, leading project M&activities and managing greenfield project development. Georgis was also a Director at Enron International focused on power plant development in Africa and the Middle East.  An entrepreneur with proven success in launching new technologies and business models, Georgis also served as Vice President for an internet startup company that served as an internet managed service provider for high performance e-businesses, later acquired by Verizon Business.
Georgis earned his Masters of Business Administration from the Anderson School at the University of California Los Angeles.  Georgis also holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in International Studies from Northwestern University.  Georgis served nine years as a Naval Special Warfare Officer in the United States Navy.  He also serves on the board of the Price Center for Entrepreneurial Studies at the Anderson School of Management.
is a leading global developer, owner and operator of utility-scale solar power projects, with more than $1.8 billion of projects in operation worldwide. The company has commercialized its proprietary ThermaVault™ advanced solar thermal with integrated molten salt energy storage that delivers renewable energy that is dispatchable 24/7. The is now one of the world’s leading energy storage technologies, and allows solar energy to operate like traditional fossil-fired and nuclear electricity generation, except the fuel is the sun which means zero emissions, zero hazardous waste, and zero dependence on fuel price volatility.  Our global headquarters is located in Santa Monica, California with international offices in Adelaide, Dubai, Istanbul, Johannesburg, Perth, and Santiago.
is looking for talented people that share our passion for protecting our planet and providing a healthy and secure future for generations to come. We offer our employees the opportunity to grow with us, competitive pay and benefits in a diverse, innovative and entrepreneurial culture.
For additional information: careers@solarreserve.com
seeks a Compliance and Document Manager to oversee Industry Participation Plan (IPP) compliance, perform analysis, data gathering, provide data analysis and reporting for the Aurora Project . The role will work closely with all departments within SolarReserve. 
The successful candidate will collate and prepare spreadsheets and reports as required to manage compliance of SolarReserve’s reporting requirements under the various project contracts.
The successful candidate will utilise SolarReserve’s preferred document management platform (Dropbox and SharePoint) to log, manage, and process all documentation through the company’s document control system. The role will also develop procedures to ensure that all internal and external users properly use the system; develop written procedures detailing all documentation; daily management and maintenance of the document control system; and compile back up information to process invoices, RFI’s, submittals, and drawings.
The role will require the successful candidate to:
Review and identify reporting requirements under the various project contracts including State and Federal Industry Participation Plans
Collate information and prepare spreadsheets and reports to fulfil any reporting obligations
Perform analysis, data gathering, provide data analysis and reporting for the Aurora Project as required
Manage Document Control and Governance as well as Records Management Processes, with a primary focus on consistency of document control and records management
Author, change and update governance and retention procedures as applicable
Develop a comprehensive taxonomy for organizing information resources based on business goals and requirements from stakeholders including the creation of document databases and filing systems as appropriate
Prepare a long-term plan for categorizing, indexing and archiving all content and information resources, whether they be generated in-house or derived from third-party agents
Process various document types, historical and current, through all procedural steps in accordance with well-defined procedures and guidelines
Ensure that pre-established document control requirements (e.g., which document numbering system will be used; how many and which signatures will be required for certain approvals, etc.) are satisfactorily met throughout the duration of the project
Receive, track, and monitor documents using standard document management programs to register documents, maintain databases, and produce logs, transmittals, and other reports as required
Enter data and produce reports using standard office automation or department-specific computer applications
Maintain weekly status reporting of ongoing projects
Work with other staff members as needed to develop and improve services
Respond to changing environment and participate in decision making activities relating to customers' needs
Provide assistance to users in capturing and locating electronic information
Serve as liaison between field personnel and project owner
Maintain an accurate file system of all construction drawings, RFI’s, submittals and other documentation and ensure that the most current revision is maintained and updated on a regular basis
Assist the project team with setup and maintenance of the site status database, assuring timely status as each part progresses through the construction process
Knowledge of management of project pages, menu titles, drop-down menus, hotspots and more
Ability to quickly learn how to create structures and metadata, link content to source files, and create web-parts
Exceptional attention to detail with commitment to fostering a culture of compliance
Highly organized and thorough individual who can apply strong task prioritization, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Attention to detail and the ability to work proficiently, executing tasks on time
Solid communication skills with the ability to communicate at all levels of the organization both orally and in writing
Desire and ability to get things done, whatever it takes
Self-directed – excellent ability to work unsupervised
Ability to successfully interact with colleagues from various functional areas in a fast-paced environment; be able to transition between a lead and support roles driven by the business
Highly organized multi-tasker
Bachelor’s Degree and/or equivalent experience (five to seven years’ experience) in Document Controls/Document Management
At least 5 (five) years of experience (engineering or construction industries) with relevant data analytics and SharePoint experience
The Contracts Manager will oversee, manage and support the contract management functions for the Aurora Project by executing on the deliverables contained within host agreements, utility contracts, services agreements, and equipment vendor contracts. This role will advise on the software platform to manage the program, develop the processes and procedures to identify the responsible parties to create the work product to satisfy the contract obligations and track deliverables. The candidate is required to be proactive in identifying the potential contractual issues and conflicts and advise the project team on how to best address these issues proactively to achieve the project objectives.
This person will work closely with all departments within SolarReserve. As grows, the Contracts Compliance oversight will need to be able to scale as our portfolio becomes increasingly diverse. Good candidates will be able to think through how to deliver short term goals, while building processes that will scale. The right individual will be nimble and responsive to our ever evolving and exciting environment. You will be shaping a core function within the company.
Lead contract compliance efforts throughout the project lifecycle from development through operations and maintenance
Develop and implement contract management processes for the and other types of construction contracts
Oversees required regulatory compliance filings and reports, including all appropriate documentation. Also supports the preparation of Company management reports and responds to data requests.
Supports regulatory proceedings, initiatives and inquiries related to the ongoing relationships between the Company and other power generators.
Be proactive in risk management and conflict resolution to resolve the claims before they result in arbitration
Serve as a Contractual Compliance liaison across the organization (Operations, Construction, Development, Finance, and Legal) to ensure obligations are maintained
Responsible for providing the analytical support to ensure contract compliance and to resolve contractual disputes.
Advise the project teams in review and analysis of the claims including contractual entitlement, cost impact, and schedule impact
Advise in writing and responding to contractual letters
Provide advice and legal interpretation of contract terms and conditions and identify risk and potential liabilities.
Establish and maintain positive working relationships with contracting officers of the Australian government, prime contractors, and other related organizations.
Ensure that risks are assessed on potential projects, managed on contracts and reported.
Prepare accurate and timely reports; prepare statistical contract data as required.
Maintains contractual historical data; enters contract data into databases as needed.
Sets-up contracts and issues charge numbers in system as needed.
Work with legal counsel to author Non-Disclosure Agreements (NDAs), letters of intent (LOIs) and agreements, as well as comparing and contrasting and positions on contract terms
Ensure alignment of project objectives, finances, scope of work, and risk with company objectives. Evaluates and advises team based on risk.
Conduct internal due diligence of contractual representations and warranties, in-house legal opinions, and officer certifications
Lead various negotiations. Direct and coordinates timely review of term sheets, exhibits, warranties, guarantees, and other agreement documents to meet deal closing deadlines and schedules. Lead the project execution teams to ensure the deal negotiations and contractual requirements are “flowed-down” and properly adhered to.
Ensure deal team members understand the contract terms such as warranties, deliverables, tax, accounting, revenue recognition, permitting, bonuses, damages, costs, and schedule.
Work closely with inside and outside counsel to ensure proper contracting terms and conditions are employed.
Coordinate risk management reviews of draft agreements.
Management of concessions and incentives available for Solar Power Projects
Coordination and issuance of Way Bills/ Road Permits, for movement of materials
Manage Bank Guarantees, getting Letter of Credits established as per Contracts terms
Work with Finance to ensure adherence to broader finance and risk requirements such as revenue recognition, Audit etc.
Management of Contract Change Order Procedure, by identifying changes, quantifying commercial impacts, defining approval requirements, and preparation of variation orders or amendments to the contract
· Exceptional attention to detail with commitment to fostering a culture of compliance
Strong written communications skills with procedure writing experience
Excellent verbal communication skills with ability to effectively communicate complex requirements
Highly organized and thorough individual who can apply strong task prioritization, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Attention to detail and the ability to work proficiently, executing tasks on time.
Ability to learn quickly, fill knowledge gaps, and innovate
Project scheduling and quantum expertise is a plus
Familiarity with Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Strong ethics, influence and negotiation, leadership, initiative, and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to effectively multi-task and enthusiastically engage in continuous learning.
Strong leadership, communication, presentation, and negotiating skills to build consensus with stakeholders to develop and maintain partnerships with support organizations and senior management
In-depth understanding of the operating rules and regulatory requirements of Australia energy markets.
Desire and ability to get things done, whatever it takes
Ability to successfully interact with colleagues from various functional areas in a fast-paced environment
Ability to understand and weigh risks and remedies detailed in contracts
Work successfully in a team and cross-functional environment, being able to transition between a lead and support roles driven by the business
Experience coordinating deal team and senior attorneys and managing various aspects of transactions from project kick-off through closing, and actively maintaining involvement in the transaction during the post-closing period
Demonstrated experience participating in deal negotiations, execution and post-execution periods of a wide array of transactions, including EPC, operating and maintenance, purchase and sale, debt financing, joint development and other transactions
International work experience a plus across a wide and varied audience
The position will focus on ensuring that all projects are technically accurate, thorough, and complete; that all engineering and project management activities are well coordinated and consistent with corporate-led initiatives; that all actions are achieved in a timely fashion. This will involve extensive communication between the team in Australia, technical representatives of our local partners and advisors, and your counterparts the corporate office of in Los Angeles. The professional will provide engineering and project management for multiple projects, supporting them through the development process, assisting in project financing activities, and providing site leadership during pre-construction and construction. The Engineering Services Manager will also support and or lead technical due diligence for project acquisitions and partnering opportunities.  
Support late stage project development in coordination with project development, engineering and finance teams
Negotiation of and critical equipment supply and other project contracts. Assist in negotiation of the O&agreement
Responsible for costing, scheduling and technical aspects associated with project engineering and construction in the context of overall project management activities
Manage project-based teams to bring projects through development, construction, commissioning and operations
Manage domestic and international Project Management & Construction teams to provide necessary services to internal development, engineering, asset management and finance teams
Interact with key external stakeholders including Contractors, critical suppliers, Independent Engineers, debt and equity providers, O&providers and multiple regulatory agencies.
Assist in marketing efforts to enhance SolarReserve’s position as a leading solar power player.
Develop and implement strategic plans for the project management and construction group that support the company’s strategic growth and ensures the development and deployment of SolarReserve’s world-class Develop and support consistent knowledge sharing and knowledge management with all partners/advisors/counterparts
Other projects as needed and assigned
bachelor’s degree in engineering is required. An advanced degree is highly desirable
Ability to work as a team player within a highly dynamic environment with an exceptional and diverse core team in delivering projects globally on time and on budget
Solid knowledge of the various power generation business segments, including engineering and construction, marketing and distribution economics, regulatory environment, project finance, etc.; needs to understand wholesale markets; knowledge of, and exposure to, the broader energy renewable power generation community would be helpful
keen sense of overall business strategies and outstanding analytical capabilities, including quantitative and financial analysis skills
Must have drive and passion for the vision of the company; embrace change and is clearly energized by the challenge associated with being an important part of a major evolution for delivering sustainable power generation
At least seven years of applicable management and construction experience
Five to ten years of successful commercial power generation business development (traditional or renewable power generation) experience; Australian development experience a plus. This experience should include work in the various life-cycle project activities over a variety of appropriate energy infrastructure projects
is fully committed to equal employment opportunity (EOE) and maintaining a workplace free of discrimination and harassment based on race, gender, religion, age, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation and other non-merit factors. All persons shall be afforded equal employment opportunity at SolarReserve.
prohibits discrimination in all aspects of its personnel policies, program practices and operations, and relationships with employees and applicants, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring and merit promotion. promotes programs of affirmative recruitment and employment at all levels of the company. The company subscribes to, and will implement to the full extent, all applicable laws that promote equality of opportunity.
welcomes and encourages applications from persons with disabilities and will reasonably accommodate the needs of those persons. is committed to satisfying its affirmative obligations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 to ensure that persons with disabilities have every opportunity to be hired and advanced on the basis of merit within the company.
#We are Solar Thermal 
Heliostats and Collector Field Controls
Commercial & Industrial Solar for South Africa
Commercial & Industrial Solar for the Middle East 
Lesedi Solar Power Project
The Intersection of Art and 
rssis passionate about protecting our planet and providing a healthy and secure future for generations to come.
With construction and development activities worldwide, is providing renewable energy solutions that not only generate clean energy, but also cultivate economic growth for communities around the world. SolarReserve’s goal is to have its global projects achieve high levels of local job creation and content through local supply chains. The company’s Crescent Dunes project in the is a prime example, having created over 4,300 direct, indirect and induced jobs over the life of the project, with peak on-site employment of over 1,000 construction jobs.
From a corporate perspective, is committed to supporting the communities that are or could be home to its solar power projects. The team has positively impacted many communities around the world through career development, internships, corporate sponsorships, corporate donations and community outreach programs. Serving our communities is a core component of the corporate culture.
Bringing Power to Off-Grid Homes
Installing solar panels to provide electricity to homes without access to the grid
Electricity is taken for granted by the majority of us around the world but there are still a large number of people who don’t have access to electricity in rural areas of Africa. Only 88% of South African households have access to electricity. Our solar housing project aims to connect as many homes within a 50km radius of our Jasper project site, as possible. This ongoing project has already resulted in over 55 homes connected to date, with many of the homeowners gaining access to electricity for the first time in their lives!
Refentse Primary School is located just 5km away from the Jasper Solar Power Project. To date we have paved the playground, refurbished the bathrooms, built a multi-purpose court for tennis, netball and basketball, provided desks, chairs and eating utensils for all the pupils and teachers, levelled the school grounds and helped to create a basic gardening area as well as installing a solar borehole irrigation system. The school is gradually transforming and is a focal point for the community. is committed to a long-term partnership with the school to continue the positive momentum, and help grow the student population.
Rooftop Solar Project at the Kuilsville High School
Kuilsville High School saves 50% of electricity costs with new rooftop solar installation
The successful rooftop solar installation at Kuilsville High School in the Northern Cape has enabled the school to employ an extra full time security guard, with the savings on their electricity bill. The Afrikaans/English bilingual school teaches students from grades 8 to 12 from the Tlhakalatlou, Lime Acres and Kuilsville Townships. Principal Steenkamp is a proud advocate of the renewable solution and actively encourages his students to learn more about solar technology.
Phambili Basie Contractors Grass Cutting and Panel Cleaning Business
Supporting Enterprise Development on-site at the Jasper Solar Plant
Phambili Basie Contractors and Projects Ltd have been awarded two contracts at the Jasper Plant in the Northern Cape, supplying grass cutting and panel cleaning services. The business, majority owned by Juliet Basie, has grown significantly with the support of the Jasper Power Company who provided essential equipment, including commercial mowers and water trailers, which has helped develop this fledgling business into a prosperous one. Initially employing 22 part-time employees, they have now been able to provide 15 employees with full-time permanent jobs. Juliet and her team are hoping to secure more contracts in the region in the near future.
Kgatelopele is the only library located in Danielskuil and serves over 10,000 people. At the request of Danielskuil Municipality we have been providing ongoing support to help develop the library into a vital learning center for children and adults. We have donated educational toys for the children, encyclopedias for those studying, as well as computers and a printer for all in the community to use. Currently a new building is being built by the Municipality to house the library. We hope to support the library further with resources during their transition into their new premises.
Helping Food & Trees for Africa (FTFA) improve lives and landscapes towards healthy people on a healthier planet
Through the Food & Trees for Africa organization, the team helped to plant trees and vegetables in Alexandra’s community garden located near the Jukskei River, one of the largest rivers in Johannesburg. By planting these trees it is estimated that the whole team’s efforts will offset approximately 36.9 tons of carbon dioxide as well as bringing many other benefits to the residents of Alexandra.
Helping improve the Zama Montessori School in honor of Nelson Mandela
The team in Johannesburg, alongside the Lesedi & Letsatsi Power Company teams, volunteered together at the Zama Montessori School located in Putfontein South Africa. The volunteer project was held on International Nelson Mandela Day, to honor Nelson Mandela’s efforts to eliminate apartheid. The team constructed a new walkway to the school and garden for the children. The team also cooked and served lunch for all the children and volunteers who participated. donated school books and school bags for all 75 children, writing and art kits and teaching materials, and a braai stand (Grill) and accessories for future lunches.
Jenn-Haven has two community soccer clubs, Jenn-Haven United and United Stars FC, who are registered with the Tsantsbane Soccer Association. Both teams play league matches on Saturdays and Sundays afternoons, much to the excitement of the local fans who regularly come out to support them. Not only do the teams offer some much needed entertainment to the community but the team managers are keen to develop the players from the local area, teaching them about accountability, leadership and dedication.
With a vision to achieving a South Australia without hunger, Foodbank collects surplus, salvaged and donated food and grocery products from food producers, manufacturers, distributors, and retailers and distributes it to charities and community groups so they can get it to people in need. is thrilled to support such an innovative approach to helping those in need in Port Augusta.
The Team were thrilled to be part of the Week celebrations in Port Augusta for 2018. Week celebrations are held across Australia each July to celebrate the history, culture and achievements of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. is celebrated not only in Indigenous communities, but by Australians from all walks of life in order to support their local Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander community. The team loved immersing themselves in the wonderful Aboriginal culture in Port Augusta.
were proud sponsors of the 2018 City of Port Augusta Cup – a magnificent community event with plenty of fashion, fun & the best in racing hospitality.
With a large local workforce in Port Augusta working on the Aurora project, sponsors the Westies, the West Augusta Football Club, an Australian Rules Football Club competing in the Spencer Gulf Football League. This club is a wonderful place for the team as well as their families to spend time with neighbors and be involved in the community.
Students in Stirling North Learn About Solar Thermal Energy
Students in Stirling North Learn About Solar Thermal Energy
Teachers at Stirling North Primary School along with representatives created a project for Year 3/4 students based on happenings in the Port Augusta community. The students learned about the Aurora Solar Energy Project and toured the demolition remains of the coal-fired, Augusta Power Station site. They put their new renewable energy knowledge to work by thinking of ways to build solar thermal towers and to manage environmental dust.  Students built dioramas and wrote essays on their inventions. Some of the students’ innovative ideas included the use of giant squeegees and high-pressure hoses to clean the mirrors, building a stairwell to get up the tower, and planting fauna and grass to keep the dust down. The projects are on display in the field office in Port Augusta.  “think renewable energy is better than non-renewable energy because renewable energy is better for the environment, it doesn’t run out and it will provide jobs for lots of people,” states one of the students. Spoken like a future clean energy leader!
The Port Augusta team reached out to the Salvation Army to help with the Salvation Army Christmas Lunch. This lunch has been free to the community in prior years. Due to unforeseen circumstances, they did not have enough funds to provide lunch for free. SolarReserve’s donation financially supported the annual luncheon, allowing 100 community members in need to attend the lunch at no cost.  In addition, made donations to the community emergency relief programs, Special Needs Centre, Meals on Wheels; and the Rotary Christmas Pageant.
continues its ongoing support of the Tonopah Elementary and Middle Schools with the addition of two magnificent murals painted by the company’s “Solar Servers” along with members of the Crescent Dunes Solar Energy Facility Operations and Maintenance team. third mural, about 30 years old and featuring an eagle, was touched up for a freshened look. donated new rain gutters and down spouts to the Elementary School building to alleviate water damage prior to painting the playground mural.
SolarReserve’s Long Term Partnership with Bright Star Schools
In addition to SolarReserve’s positive impact on its project communities, is also a strong advocate for employee volunteerism and philanthropy and has overseen and participated in community outreach initiatives. SolarReserve’s Santa Monica California office has hosted several team events that involve making improvements to Bright Star Charter Academy, a Title school located in West Los Angeles. The aim of Title is to meet the educational needs of children living in low-income households or local institutions for neglected or delinquent children. has also worked with Bright Star School’s Rise Kohyang Middle School. has committed to a long-term relationship with Bright Star Schools - with the goal of making a lasting impact in the lives of the students through projects that positively impact their environment, along with providing role models and learning opportunities through internships and student mentoring.
Sustainability Scholarship for Bright Star Secondary Charter Academy
Sustainability Scholarship (for Bright Star Secondary Academy)
awarded the Sustainability Scholarship (SSS) scholarship --a merit-based $5,000 scholarship to a college-bound senior at Bright Star School with an interest in pursuing a career concerning environmental protection and sustainability.
SolarReserve’s dedication to Tonopah High School Athletics
Aligned with SolarReserve’s philosophy to provide a healthy and secure future for generations to come, donated a playground to Tonopah Elementary School – an investment in the Tonopah community that will be a lasting staple towards social and physical child development for many future generations.
Annual Support of the Tonopah Elementary School and Middle School Math Programs
SolarReserve’s Annual Support of the Tonopah Elementary School and Middle School Math Programs
is proud to annually support the Tonopah Elementary and Tonopah Middle School’s Renaissance Program, which aims to ensure that each student in the local community is given the optimal math and reading materials he or she needs to succeed. This investment in the community’s future is a part of SolarReserve’s ongoing efforts to support education and the youth.
Gives Back to Local Organizations in Need
is committed to giving back to great local Tonopah Community organizations such as The Salvation Army, First Baptist Church Commodities Bank, 4 Kids, the Tonopah Beatification Project, The Tonopah Volunteer Fire Department, the Tonopah Senior Center, The Tonopah High School Student Council, The Beta Sigma Phi Mu Angel Tree and the Tonopah Toys for Tots Program.
is a proud supporter of this community festival which celebrates the mining boom that brought Nevada out of a deep depression in the early 1900s. This festival commemorates an important landmark in the history of Nevada and the town of Tonopah.
and Alternatives Sponsor a Family by Installing Solar on their Rooftop
Grid Alternatives, a non-profit organization and licensed solar installer exclusively for low-income families annually hosts. a “Solarthon” that brings together hundreds of individual, team, and corporate participants from their communities to install multiple solar energy systems alongside the homeowners. sponsored a home at this event, with its employees installing the photovoltaic panels on the roof of this home.
Ongoing Support for the University of California Riverside Southern California Research Initiative for Solar Energy Program (SC-RISE)
SolarReserve’s Ongoing Support for the University of California Riverside Southern California Research Initiative for Solar Energy Program (SC-RISE)
has provided ongoing support to this program since its foundation. SC-is a magnet for solar research as well as a clearinghouse for information to drive the adoption of affordable solar energy in one of the world’s sunniest regions. The program conducts research in collaboration with government agencies and private industries to advance the state of in solar energy. It also trains electrical technicians, end users, college students and the public about solar energy concepts, installations, maintenance and operations. is committed to the success of this program.
Supports Higher Education: College of the Desert , Riverside, Southern California Research Initiative for Solar Energy and Great Basin College of Nevada Workforce Development Program
is supporting these higher education institutions program along with the Department of Labor’s Trade Adjustment and Assistance Community College and Career Training Grants Program (TAACCT) to develop a green jobs training program in the Southwest U.S.
#We are Solar Thermal 
Heliostats and Collector Field Controls
Commercial & Industrial Solar for South Africa
Commercial & Industrial Solar for the Middle East 
Lesedi Solar Power Project
The Intersection of Art and 
rssSolar energy with integrated storage.
#We are Solar Thermal 
Heliostats and Collector Field Controls
Commercial & Industrial Solar for South Africa
Commercial & Industrial Solar for the Middle East 
Lesedi Solar Power Project
The Intersection of Art and 
Heliostats and Collector Field Controls
holds the world’s leading, patented, and most advanced utility-scale solar thermal available today. The company’s molten salt tower receiver with integrated thermal energy storage leads the concentrating solar-thermal power (CSP) industry in terms of efficiency, reliability and cost.
With the successful design, engineering, fabrication and erection of the world’s largest capacity molten salt tower receiver at the Crescent Dunes Solar Energy Project in the United States,  continues its commitment to innovations and operational excellence through investing in advanced research and development. privately held company, was formed in early 2008 with the purpose of commercializing advanced molten salt for utility-scale concentrating solar thermal power. This proprietary was developed and tested by rocket scientists at Rocketdyne for more than two decades, with 
. Working with its partner Aerojet Rocketdyne, acquired full ownership of the intellectual property (IP) rights and patents related to molten salt for concentrating solar-thermal power and electricity storage applications, as well as heliostat designs and collector field control systems. Key personnel at Rocketdyne with critical knowledge continue to work with to further innovate, improve performance and reduce deployment costs in this industry.
Heliostats and Collector Field Controls
More than 10 thousand tracking mirrors called heliostats reside in a 1,500 acre field, where they reflect and concentrate sunlight onto a large heat exchanger called a receiver that sits atop a 640-foot tower.
Inert and non-toxic molten salt flows within the thin-walled tubes of the proprietary receiver at a rate of more than 5,800 gallons per minute and absorbs the concentrated sunlight directed at it in the form of heat energy. The liquid salt is heated from 550°(288°C) to over 1050°(566°C). Unlike water that flashes into steam at this temperature, these salts maintain their low pressure liquid state for more efficient heat exchange and thermal storage.
key feature to SolarReserve’s is the fully integrated molten salt thermal storage system. Environmentally friendly molten salt is the working fluid that both captures the sun’s energy and stores it until electricity is needed—day and night. Together with the design, the use of molten salt represents the most flexible, efficient and cost-effective form of large-scale energy storage.
