Check out our Fall Promotional Sale with up to 30% on some of our most popular products!
With over 9 years in the industry and six-world record efficiencies, is the world leader in research. Our chemists have perfected the science of polymer synthesis. We are committed to advancing the field by providing the best materials to universities and businesses alike. Every batch of materials comes with the optimized processing parameters, appropriate characterization data, and a quality guarantee.
Our high-performance polymers, like PBDTT-FTTE, PTB7 and PffBT4T-2OD, will help you achieve more than 60% improvement in as compared to traditional P3By allowing us to provide you with monomers and polymers, you can focus on making cutting-edge discoveries quickly.
Our catalog currently hosts some of the highest-achieving polymers and monomers known. We also perform custom chemical synthesis for many related materials. Download our catalog and contact a sales representative today to start a conversation about what can do for you.About — Check out our Fall Promotional Sale with up to 30% on some of our most popular products!
Holding up a 20 meter long solar panel.
Welcome to Energy, Inc. - a world leader in Organic and Printed Electronics. was founded with the vision to offer renewable, affordable, and clean to all, especially the two billion people who do not have access to electricity. 
is developing Organic Photovoltaic or technology, targeting wearable technology, portable power, off-grid power, and building integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) markets. will utilize its materials, devices, and roll-to-roll process technology to manufacture modules with strategic partners throughout the world. sells and provides modules to product developers and system integrators who will integrate them into various products.
and Organic Photovoltaics
First technology capable of generating electricity at a cost on par with conventional fuels, making it a cost-effective renewable source.
Easily manufactured by roll-to-roll processes.
Better performance in low light.
Greater flexibility and lower weight
Organic photovoltaics will always be useful in applications involving energy. They are aesthetically appealing and can easily be integrated in applications as a deployable generator for rural and urban sectors, military purposes, and natural disaster areas. When it comes to the Wearable Technology industry, one of the biggest challenges that the industry faces is the limited battery life that plagues most of its products. Here, at Solarmer, we are trying to address that issue. will be the most sought after technology for wearables as they are light-weight, thin, beautiful, flexible, and non-toxic. OPV-powered Iosensors will allow its users to focus on something more important rather than worrying about running out of battery. 