Screeding Level
Laser Distance Meter
Accurate results with green laser lines
The new green lasers are equipped with real green diodes - this means that the green laser light is generated directly and not refracted by a red crystal.
NEW: FLOX
Discover our product line
DACHCOMLatest product news from Here you can find information about our latest product news with just a few clicks or you can browse our website and find more detailed information about our products.
- The powerful professional laser for tilers and floorers
Discover the floor and cross-line laser with a front-projected floor cross and a levelled wall cross with a measuring tolerance of 0.3 mm/m or 0.5 mm/m.
Discover the compact universal line laser with one horizontal and two vertical 360° lines and a measuring tolerance of just 0.20 mm/m.
GO! - LEVEL
The new GO! pocket spirit level from makes fast and reliable measuring easy and convenient. The practical GO! can be used in a wide range of situations, and is easy to keep handy thanks to its compact size.
Due to the high proportion of wax in the lead, the deep hole marker is especially suitable for both rough and smooth surfaces such as wood, tiles, brick, etc. Thanks to its special design and the small diameter of the lead, the deep hole marker can be used to make precise markings up to 45 mm depth. The comes with a sturdy clip and a hidden sharpener that is completely integrated into the push button. As well as the standard graphite lead additional special lead refills are available in yellow and red.
The 100 with the latest technology has everything covered, integrated bluetooth and camera function, user-friendly touch-screen and a built-in inclination sensor.  An attractive professional tool for measuring distances of up to 100 m at an accuracy of 1.5 mm/m.
- 360° LEVELLING
Discover the green line laser with a 360° horizontal and vertical line and a measuring tolerance of just 0.20 mm/m. Ready to use in no time at all: the from is intuitive to operate with just the touch of a button!
The special spirit level for electrical work is very easy and comfortable to use. Thanks to the electrician's scale with 4 socket markings at 71 mm spaced, sockets and switches can be measured and marked in a single work step.
MARK-- LEVEL
The Mark-It simplifies your day-to-day tasks from day one. Quick and accurate measuring, aligning and marking. The marker slide on the scale allows you to transfer and mark distances, making Mark-It a practical tool for everyday applications, including hanging pictures, putting up shelves and many more.
The Vector 20 measures distances between two points and features a continuous measurement function. Distances can be measured very accurately and conveniently in just a few seconds.
simplifies your day-to-day tasks from day one. Whether you are laying tiles, installing heating, painting, wallpapering, or constructing furniture or exhibition stands – the high accuracy of SOLA’s will save you precious time.Here you will find information that support your work. Our press releases and photos are available via mouse click for download. Optionally, you can also request the information by e-mail.
Invests Millions in the North American Market
Sola, the Götzis-based market leader for premium spirit levels, is driving international growth with an investment in company Keson. From this autumn, all business and sales activities for the North American market will be handled by the newly formed company, Keson The two contractual parties have agreed not to disclose the size of the investment.
The new floor and cross-line laser impresses with its front-projected floor cross and levelled wall cross with a measuring tolerance of 0.3 mm/m or 0.5 mm/m, the new floor and cross-line laser is particularly impressive.
The 3from stands out from the crowd with its compact design and ease of use, allowing work to be carried out quickly and with an incredibly low measuring tolerance.
is adding to its established range of spirit levels with the handy GO! pocket spirit level. The GO! stands out as it is robust, incredibly easy to use and helps save valuable time on the construction site or at home.
has equipped its new 360° line laser with real green laser diodes. The use of Real Green technology means the lines are brighter, sharper and more visible. The makes accurate reference marking and 360° horizontal levelling possible, and is the perfect low-cost alternative to rotation lasers on smaller-scale construction sites.
Joining SOLA’s popular and well-established 40 and 80 laser distance meters is the newest member of the family, the 20. The 20 can be used for length measurement and continuous measurement. It has been specially developed for day-to-day use, when you need measurements fast. In addition, no prior experience with laser distance meters is required.
The precision of devices is well-known, but that doesn’t mean the Austrian professionals are resting on their laurels. The has been fitted with new green laser diodes, and the use of the technology enables to redefine the renowned laser technology makes the crossline laser even less sensitive to low temperatures, while providing greater flexibility in its use.
Many years of experience and expertise in the latest technology work in perfect harmony at in the Austrian town of Götzis, as the relaunch of the proves. This precision spirit level has been equipped with a new, intelligent electronic inclinometer module.
With the RED/spirit level, the measurement professionals at have set new standards. Certain details of the most precise box-profile spirit level have been further optimised to guarantee even better functionality, while the uncompromising accuracy that is the mark of all the Austrian market leader's top-of-the-range models remains unchanged.
by name and smart by nature. The cross-line laser from has been developed as its name suggests: for smart easy use across a range of manual Tasks in indoor areas. Above all, the development team has thought about first-time users, who just want to get started on the job.Passion for precision
For more than 60 years our brand marks perfect precision measuring tools. As experts on measuring and marking we manufacture a wide range of products supporting craftsmen on construction sites. It is our approach to develop and continuously optimize our products as close as possible to our customers’ requirements.
Characterized by consistent simplicity, efficiency and precision innovations are setting the standard in many applications from civil engineering to interior construction. As the Austrian market leader in premium spirit levels we provide a versatile product range, including rules, screeding levels, long and short tapes, squares, marking products, laser distance meters and a customized laser programme.
The brand is globally present in 70 countries. In Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Hungary and in the we maintain subsidiaries, in 29 other countries we are represented by strong sales partners.
75 % of our products are manufactured at Götzis/ Austria. Here, at our head quarter, 200 employees develop, produce and distribute a product range of more than 1'500 articles.
The high quality standards that has imposed on themselves are constantly monitored in our own laboratories and test facilities.
Screeding Level
Laser Distance Meter
General Management
General Management
Mag. Wolfgang Scheyer 
(Director Sales / Marketing)
(HR, Head of Purchasing)
(Head of Innovation) 
(Head of Production)
