Space Solar Cells / Coverglass Interconnected Cells (CIC)
 Please configure GTranslate from WP-Admin -> Settings -> GTranslate to see it in action.
Times: Southern California suppliers learn to adjust to slowdown in satellite orders
to Begin OneWeb Solar Panel Production
Bye Aerospace, Announce Successful Solar Wing Ground Test
Space Solar Cells / Coverglass Interconnected Cells (CIC)
We are the World’s Only Vertically-Integrated Supplier of Satellite Solar Array Panels
is a leading provider of high efficiency solar cells, solar panels and composite structural products for satellite and aerospace applications. We provide solar power solutions and precision aerospace structures to the global space markets, encompassing a wide array of applications including civil space exploration, science and earth observation, defense intelligence and communication, and commercial telecommunications industries.
Our Space Power Products
Introducing Z4J, Our Newest Superior Radiation Hard and Temperature Performance Space Solar Cell Technology.
SolAero’s latest generation solar cells and CICs are the highest efficiency commercially available products in the industry.
offers rigid and flexible solar panels that are fully tested and wired for integration into solar array assemblies.
offers SmallSat and CubeSat solutions for Space 2.0 missions.
offers integrators our rugged and reliable photovoltaic technologies.
Solar Cells are characterized and optimized for terrestrial applications under concentrated incident illumination and high current densities.
offers customizable, steady state for long continuous use Solar Simulators for SmallSat and CubeSat solar panels.
Times: Southern California suppliers learn to adjust to slowdown in satellite orders
Southern California suppliers learn to adjust to slowdown in Satellite Orders Times, May 23, 2018 – Spaceon Tuesday […]
to Begin OneWeb Solar Panel Production
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M., — will begin producing solar panels for the world’s largest low-earth-orbit satellite constellation […]
SpaceNews: modernizing New Mexico solar-panel factory for massive OneWeb contract
— Solar-panel manufacturer is investing $10 million to expand its Albuquerque, New Mexico, facility to produce solar panels for OneWeb’s constellation of 900 low-Earth-orbit telecommunciations satellites, announced Feb. 2. […]
Space Solar Cells / Coverglass Interconnected Cells (CIC)
is a leading provider of high efficiency solar cells, solar panels and composite structural products for satellite and aerospace applications. We provide solar power solutions and precision aerospace structures to the global space markets, encompassing a wide array of applications including civil space exploration, science and earth observation, defense intelligence and communication, and commercial telecommunications industries.
Our vision is to become the leading provider of the highest performance, highest quality and highest reliability products and supporting research and technical services to the aerospace and defense industry at competitive prices and to satisfied customers worldwide.
Consistently Demonstrating a Commitment to our Core Values.
These are the values of a “Rock Star” – the characteristics and behaviors of people with whom we want to work and that we believe make the company a place that we want to work. We will strive to embody these values every day and commit to hold one another accountable to doing the same.
Takes on new challenges with a positive, “can do” attitude, not by complaining;
Is open-minded, solutions-oriented, and always looking for innovative ways to improve;
Wants to learn, is willing to ask for help, and accepts feedback humbly;
Strives to make things better every day for everyone at SolAero.
Takes pride in being part of the team and understands that what we do changes the world;
Is motivated by solving challenging science, engineering and business problems every day;
Is enthusiastic about SolAero, its products and the difference we make for people around the world;
Strives to learn, grow and be a part of the solutions we create for customers.
Is a team player by taking the time to help others whenever possible;
Is a leader capable of bringing individuals and groups together to accomplish our mission;
Cares about safety and shows it by creating a safe work environment for everyone;
Empowers others by valuing their contributions and giving up control when appropriate;
Draws the best out of others and genuinely cares about the contributions they make and their personal and professional development.
Is a hardworking, dedicated individual that strives to produce the best work product they can;
Without excuses or reminding, cares about the quality of their work and meeting their commitments;
Accepts responsibility and accountability for their deliverables;
Addresses safety and quality concerns proactively;
Sets high standards for the accuracy, timeliness and completeness of their work product.
Is approachable, professional, calm and drama-free when working together with others;
Gives praise when deserved and creates an encouraging environment;
Does not talk about others behind their backs, but provides constructive criticism with the goal of improving performance and/or behavior;
Is honest, listens first, seeks to understand and shares opinions in order to get the best outcome.
Space Solar Cells / Coverglass Interconnected Cells (CIC)
 Please configure GTranslate from WP-Admin -> Settings -> GTranslate to see it in action.
Times: Southern California suppliers learn to adjust to slowdown in satellite orders
to Begin OneWeb Solar Panel Production
Bye Aerospace, Announce Successful Solar Wing Ground Test
Space Solar Cells / Coverglass Interconnected Cells (CIC)
is the parent company of 
. Together we are the premier suppliers of space solar power products and composite structures and assemblies for the global aerospace market.
World’s largest space solar cell production line
Solar Panel facility is a Class 10,000 cleanroom with 7 meter high ceilings and houses our LAPSS, TVAC, Solar Simulator and other ATP/facilities.  
New 65,000 sq. ft. facility for high volume substrate and manufacturing.
15,000 m^2 of environmentally controlled lay-up rooms and assembly rooms
Large autoclaves, ovens and machine shops for composites manufacture and assembly
Space Solar Cells / Coverglass Interconnected Cells (CIC)
Dr. Brad Clevenger joined in June 2001 and held various leadership positions within Engineering, Operations and Business Development on his way to becoming President and Prior to joining SolAero, he was a Member of the Technical Staff at Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory. Dr. Clevenger holds a Phin Chemistry from the University of Texas at Austin and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Florida. He has published over 50 journal articles and holds four patents.
Navid Fatemi joined in 1998. Mr. Fatemi oversees the Business Development, Sales & Marketing and Proposal Management functions at SolAero. He has 28 years of experience in the Aerospace and Photovoltaics industries. Prior to joining SolAero, he was a partner at Essential Research, Inc. in Cleveland, Ohio and was also involved with Photovoltaic Research & Development activities for space applications at NASA’s Glenn Research Center. He holds a Master of Science degree and a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from Cleveland State University and Case Western Reserve University, respectively.
As President and General Manager of Alliance Spacesystems, Rick oversees all facets of the business with a clear focus on customer satisfaction and products of the highest quality. Prior to becoming President, Mr. Byrens was Business Development Manager for Alliance / Space Structures from 2006 through 2011, and oversaw growth in the business unit from $4.5 Million per year to $28 Million in 2011. Mr. Byrens was Business Development Manager at Corona / Programmed Composites, Inc. from 1999 through 2006, spent 3 years as General Manager at Intec Composites (Anaheim, CA), and was also General Manager of Hexcel’s Satellite Products Business Unit (Gilbert, AZ) from 1997 through 1999. Mr. Byrens has a in Chemistry from the University of California, Irvine, and has over 30 years experience in the composite materials and structures business.
Pravin Patel joined in 2006 and currently serves as Director of Engineering. In this position, Mr. Patel is responsible for Product Engineering and Manufacturing Engineering departments across the solar cell and solar panel product lines. His professional career began with as a Solar Cell Device & Materials Development Engineer and has progressed through various leadership roles as a Product Development Engineer, Engineering Manager of Solar Cell Product Development, and now Director of Engineering. Mr. Patel holds a Master of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of New Mexico, with a focus in Optoelectronic Materials and Devices.
Silvia Gentile joined in 1996 and currently serves as the Human Resources Manager. In this position, Ms. Gentile is responsible for all of the functions involving the organization’s employees, including, recruitment, hiring, salary & benefits, 401(K) administration, performance management and employee relations. Prior to joining SolAero, Silvia worked for the Miller Brewing Company as Regional Office Manager for the New York Market Area.
