We are LEGO® Education. For more than 37 years we have been working with teachers and educational specialists like you to deliver playful learning experiences that bring subjects to life in the classroom and make learning fun and impactful. We have a wide range of physical and digital educational resources that encourage students to think creatively, reason systematically and release their potential to shape their own future.
Our solutions for teaching and hands-on learning inspire interest in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM), targeted at preschool, elementary and middle school. These are based on the LEGO® system for playful learning combined with curriculum-relevant material and digital resources. With educational sets, lesson plans and curriculum material, assessment tools and teacher training and support, we can help you meet your curriculum objectives and provide you with the tools you need to make learning inspiring, engaging and effective.
We believe that expanding knowledge and building academic and 21st century skills will create active, collaborative, lifelong learners. Together with educators, we aim to enable every student to succeed in education and be prepared for future life challenges.
In order to inspire and develop the builders of tomorrow, the Group has dedicated more than 80 years to understand how students play and learn. Learning has always been at the very core of the company's most heartfelt values. Being part of the Group, Education plays a decisive role in igniting student engagement in learning by giving them a hands-on experience that encourages learning through physical and digital creation.
Education changed our school. These hands-on solutions level the playing field and create an opportunity for even the least likely students to succeed.
Our approach to learning is founded on a “4C” framework through which students are free to experiment and explore as they gain new knowledge. Students are encouraged collaborate as they work through open-ended tasks and extension ideas, facilitated and guided at all times by you, their teacher.
Connect: the topic or task is introduced, allowing students to ask clarifying questions and build on their existing knowledge.
Construct: every task includes a building activity to promote experimentation with collaboration and construct artefacts that can be recalled later.
Contemplate: students consider what has been learned and share insights with each other.
Continue: every task ends with a new task that builds on what has just been learned, keeping students motivated and curious.
As part of the Group, Education is committed to leaving a positive impact on the surroundings in which we work. We want to inspire and develop the builders of tomorrow and we need to leave them a future that will allow them to do this.
S2003 the Group has been working consciously and deliberately towards sustainability and s2006 a full and in-depth sustainability report has been issued every year to track this progress.
The Education Leadership Team are passionate about enabling every student to succeed.
There are more than 3,500 different elements in the range – in more than 60 different colours. Each element may be sold in a wide variety of different colours and decorations
During the moulding process, plastic is heated to 230-310so it is the consistency of dough. It is then injected into moulds at a pressure of 25-150 tons, depending on which element is being produced. On average it then takes 5-10 seconds for the elements to cool and be ejected.
The moulds used in production are accurate to within five my (=0.004mm) and this accuracy means than only 18 elements in every million products fail to meet the high quality standard.
In 2014, more than 60 billion elements were made, that's equivalent to approximately 117,000 elements per minute. All elements are fully compatible, no matter when they were made or by which factory.
There are more than 3,500 different elements in the range – in more than 60 different colours. Each element may be sold in a wide variety of different colours and decorations
Stay up-to-date on announcements, products, news, and promotions with Education Newsletters.
The maximum quantity of an item that can purchased in each transaction is 99.
To inquire about purchasing more than 99 of one item, please call 800-362-4308.
To inquire about purchasing more than 99 of one item, please call 800-362-4738.
We use cookies for storing your selections on our website as well as compiling statistics and personalising our marketing efforts. If you click to proceed on the website, you accept our use of cookies. This website is owned and maintained by System A/S, Denmark. Read more about our use of cookies, including how to disable them.
The LEGO® Solar Panel provides sufficient power to operate the Energy Meter and motors. It delivers 5 V, 4 min direct light from a 60 incandescent bulb positioned 25 cm from the solar panel (2000 lux).
The maximum quantity of an item that can purchased in each transaction is 99.
To inquire about purchasing more than 99 of one item, please call 800-362-4308.
To inquire about purchasing more than 99 of one item, please call 800-362-4738.
We use cookies for storing your selections on our website as well as compiling statistics and personalising our marketing efforts. If you click to proceed on the website, you accept our use of cookies. This website is owned and maintained by System A/S, Denmark. Read more about our use of cookies, including how to disable them.
