Our clinically proven Rapid Acoustic Pulse (RAP) device uses proprietary acoustic shockwaves to dramatically accelerate the removal of tattoos. We’ve also recently discovered that our device may have the potential to reduce cellulite and blast apart fat cells.
We are science-driven and led by executives and medical advisors from some of the world’s most successful aesthetic and medical device companies.  Let us show you our plans to revolutionize the aesthetics industry.
Over 70 million Americans have at least one tattoo…and over half of them are considering a removal.
But to the vast majority, the current method of removal is simply unacceptable. The current gold standard of care, short pulse laser removal alone, is long, expensive, painful, and often delivers inconsistent results.
Removing a typical tattoo with these current methods can take 10 or more office visits and 1 to 2 years to complete.  Multiple clinical trials have demonstrated the ability of technology to safely and dramatically reduce the number of treatments and time required to remove a tattoo and in the most recent clinical trial, 100% of these patients achieved complete removal in just 2 or 3 office visits.
For tattoo owners wishing to learn more about our technology, the clinically proven results, and the timeline for the launch of this new technology, click below.
Soliton’s technology is science-driven, supported by extensive preclinical and clinical research.
We have spent $25 million over the last 5 years understanding the biomechanics of tattoos and why short-pulse have such limited efficacy in tattoo removal.  We also understand that, in order for tattoo removal to become an attractive and growing part of your practice, you need to be able to offer faster, more predictable outcomes at an affordable price.
Our research resulted in a breakthrough discovery of what limits the efficacy of in tattoo removal.  That discovery was introduced at the 2017 Conference and the dramatic clinical implications were expanded at the 2017 Controversies and Conversations Symposium. The Multi-Pass treatment protocol combines your existing short-pulse laser with our (Rapid Acoustic Pulse) Device, facilitating multiple Laser and treatments in a single treatment session to rapidly accelerate tattoo fading.  tattoo that would normally require 10 or more treatment sessions over a period of 1-2 years may now be removed in just 2-3 treatment sessions.
To review our clinical data and to understand more about how we believe is positioned to revolutionize the tattoo removal market, click below.
The combination of non-focused, very short rise-time, acoustic shock waves delivered at very high repetition rates required the creation of an entirely new acoustic technology, resulting in 9 different patent applications from our team of scientists and engineers.
Our acoustic waves deliver a treatment that is virtually painless, generates no heat or collateral tissue damage, and works without regard to tattoo color.  Laser efficacy is enhanced, allowing for immediate second or third laser passes in the same treatment session.
Dive deeper into the technology and our plans for the future below.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.We’ve spent over 25 million dollars over the past 5 years developing a breakthrough technology that dramatically accelerates the removal of tattoos.  Our devices use very high energy, in the range of 3,000 volts at nearly 3,000 amps, to form acoustic shockwaves at 100 times per second.  Our core team is comprised of life science veterans, with more than 150 years of life science experience, multiple device clearances, and multiple national and international aesthetic device launches.
In order to develop our complex, breakthrough technology, we recruited some of the country’s leading scientists in acoustic engineering, plasma physics and immunology who have supported the Space Program, the nuclear fusion industry and even cancer research. Our technology has also been enabled by design partnerships with and Sanmina (the world’s largest medical device manufacturer) and supported by our shareholders, including  leading research centers.
We’re committed to holding our technology and its applications to the highest scientific standards, including ongoing clinical trials for current and future applications.  We also believe in education and transparency, and as you’ll see in our trials section, we explain what makes up a comprehensive clinical trial, and showcase our data. We continue to conduct clinical trials for tattoo removal and we are expanding our clinical trial activities to include cellulite and other aesthetic indications.
Walter Klemp – Co-Founder and Executive Chairman  Wally Klemp is an experienced and successful entrepreneur with 30 years of company-building history. He has founded multiple Houston-based biotech companies collaborating with Anderson Cancer Center, including Moleculin Biotech, Inc, which he took public in 2016 . He has focused the last 15 years on developing and marketing therapeutic devices and drugs from concept through approval. Prior to that, Mr. Klemp was founder, and Chairman of Drypers Corporation, a publicly traded multinational consumer products company, growing Drypers from start-up to nearly $500 million in annualized sales and #1 on the 500 List of America’s Fastest Growing Companies, and earning the American Marketing Association’s Gold Edison Award. He developed growth strategies, orchestrated mergers and acquisitions, and had direct responsibility for nearly $.75 billion in public and private financings.
Christopher Capelli, – Co-Founder, President and CSO, Director Dr. Capelli is the lead inventor of Soliton’s technology. Chris led the Office of Technology Based Ventures at The University of Texas Anderson Cancer Center where he formed the foundational concepts that have become and eventually left Anderson to co-found Soliton. Prior to Anderson, Dr. Capelli served the director of the Office of Technology Management at the University of Pittsburgh. Both an engineer and a medical doctor, Chris is the inventor of numerous patents. He was the founder of BioInterface Technologies, Inc., which developed new a silver-based antimicrobial technology for use in wound care, and he was co-inventor of the core technology that eventually became Dexcom, an $8 billion medical device company.
Lori Bisson – Chief Financial Officer  Prior to joining Soliton, Ms. Bisson worked as a financial and business development consultant advising a number of life science companies. Lori served as the of Zeno Corporation, a medical device company focused on new technology in the aesthetics area, and previously held various positions with Drypers Corporation, a publicly traded multinational consumer products company, where she ultimately held the title of Vice President of Integrated Solutions and oversaw accounting, information technology, and logistics for the operation. Lori began her career at Arthur Andersen, as an auditor focused on consumer products companies.
Joe Tanner – Chief Operating Officer In addition to being a lawyer and having served as a Washington State Senator, Mr. Tanner has served as Chief Operating Officer of Zeno Corporation, a company that developed and marketed dermatology devices and drugs from concept through approval and market launch. Prior to that, Joe has held senior leadership positions in the contract electronics manufacturing industry as well as the consumer products industry, with responsibilities for both domestic and international operations.
Science Advisory Board
Independent Directors
Brad Hauser: Mr. Hauser joined our Board of Directors effective as of June 15, 2018. He has served as the Vice President, R&and General Manager for CoolSculpting at Allergan Pharmaceuticals since Aesthetics, Inc. was acquired by Allergan in April 2017. Previously, he served as the Senior Vice President of Research and Development at Aesthetics, Inc. from January 2017 to April 2017 and as its Vice President of Research and Development from July 2015 to January 2017. Mr. Hauser joined in December 2013 as Vice President of Product and Clinical Strategy. Prior to joining ZELTIQ, he held multiple roles in the aesthetic industry, including Executive Vice President of Commercial Operations for Cutera, Director of Research and Development at Medicis and Managing Director of Product and Clinical Marketing at Solta Medical. Mr. Hauser received his Bachelor of Arts in Human Biology from Stanford University.
Danika Harrison: Ms. Harrison has been the President and of Elira Therapeutics, Inc. since September 2017. Prior to that she served as Senior Vice President of Global Marketing at Aesthetics, Inc. from January 2017, serving as its Vice President of Global Marketing from February 2016 and as of Consumer and Brand Marketing from November 2014. Ms. Harrison served as Senior Vice President of Direct Marketing & Innovation at Beauty, Inc. from December 2013 to June 2014, serving previously as Senior Vice President of Global Marketing from December 2011, and as VP/of North America from March 2011. From April 2006 to March 2011, Ms. Harrison worked at Rosetta, a consulting-centered interactive agency, where she was most recently a Partner leading the relationship marketing group consulting for leading brands like Dannon, Johnson’s Baby and Rogers to develop direct and digital marketing programs throughout the United States and Canada. Ms. Harrison holds a from Georgetown University and an from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
Jonathan Foster: Mr. Foster currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Moleculin Biotech, Inc. (MBI), a drug development company traded on the Nasdaq Exchange developing novel cancer therapies.  Prior to his tenure at MBI, Mr. Foster served as the of InfuSystem Holdings, Inc., a medical technology company producing pumps for hospital use, from 2012 to 2016.  Prior to InfuSystem, Mr. Foster served as a consultant to the Chief Financial Officer of Sky Chefs, USA, Inc., a subsidiary of Deutsche Lufthansa Prior to that, from 2000-2012, he was President, and majority owner of United Credit, Inc. & Advance Today, Inc., a privately-owned consumer finance company with multiple locations. From 1996-2000, Mr. Foster served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Drypers Corporation.  He previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Dickson Weatherproof Nail Company, Controller & Treasurer of divisions of Schlumberger Industries, and as a Manager in the Middle Market Group of Deloitte & Touche. He has also served on the State of South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions and the Board of Directors for the Easley Baptist Hospital Foundation.  Mr. Foster has a in Accounting from Clemson University, is a Certified Public Accountant and Chartered Global Management Accountant.
Sign up below to follow our story and to watch us grow!
To Follow Our Progress, Sign Up Here:
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.