We are the best partner for your next automotive program, dedicated to delivering excellence.
opportunities for growth and mobility to empower our people and nurture their capabilities.
We look beyond what we do to consider how we do it.
ccept challenge and embrace change to anticipate and develop automotive solutions.
						Global™ Receives Two Quality Excellence Awards from General Motors					
						Global™ celebrates expansion in Spain with new low emissions painting line 					
See our team work in harmony as they apply our finishes expertise to individual solutions that go Beyond the finish™ for both the customer and consumer.
See how you can take your career Beyond the finish™.
is a young company of dynamic risk-takers,
 with strong roots and a clear direction for the future.
We are where you need us, now. Find out more about all that we do, all over the world.
Global™, a Guardian company, is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of high value coatings on plastic for the automotive and commercial truck industries with a manufacturing presence in major world regions including North America, Western and Central Europe and Asia. is headquartered in Troy, Mich., Through its Innovation Center in Taylor, Mich., and its Advanced Development Centers in Taylor, Mich., USA; Liria, Spain; and Suzhou, China, works to enhance manufacturing processes and accelerates development and delivery of the next generation of coating technologies and sub-systems.
engineers solutions for greater surface durability, structural integrity, enhanced functionality, vehicle efficiency and design flexibility. The result is the development of innovative exterior and interior products and processes that create value for customers and consumers and a positive impact in our environment and society. Beyond the finish™.
 to be a trusted partner providing reliable and innovative engineering solutions that create superior value for our customers and society.
The newest name in high value finishes on plastics has an 80-year heritage of product leadership and creative solutions worldwide.
We are where you need us, now.
The advantage is that we are not afraid to go Beyond the finish™ in all that we do to create value for those we serve.
Discover the capabilities, finish technologies and product lines that embody our advanced engineering solutions.
Our history, our strong roots
In 1932, in the depths of the Great Depression, Guardian Glass Company boldly opened operations in Detroit, Michigan as a small automotive windshield glass fabricator. The company grew to become Guardian Industries, a top-100 supplier to the worldwide automotive industry. As the industry returned to civilian vehicle production after the Second World War, two new companies, Siegel-Robert Automotive and Automotive Molding Company (AMC), supplied manufacturers with plating and injection molding in plastic exterior body components.
Siegel-Robert would eventually pioneer chrome-plated plastics in the 1960’s. By the late 1960’s, the operations of Guardian Industries had expanded to include windshield fabricating, 10 automotive glass distribution centers, and a photofinishing division, the strong roots for the next steps in Guardian Industries automotive history.
 Global™ opens its Innovation Center in Taylor, Michigan
 Global™ opens its Xiaogan, China facility.
 Global™ opens its new World Headquarters in Troy, Michigan.
 breaks ground for its second China facility in Xiaogan.
 announces the expansion of its Ibi, Spain facility and breaks ground for expansion of its Irapuato, Mexico facility.
 The new facility in Irapuato,  Mexico started production.
 opens its Advanced Development Center in Taylor, Michigan. Exclusively dedicated to research and product innovation, the new facility is slated to develop the future of plastics coating technology for industries worldwide.
 Global™ is born, combining the trim operations of Guardian Automotive and Siegel-Robert to form one of the largest manufacturers of chrome plated plastic parts in the world. The new company is headquartered in Warren, Michigan, with operations around the globe.
 Guardian acquires Siegel-Robert Automotive, the largest manufacturer of electroplated plastic parts for the North American automotive industry.
 Guardian acquires trim manufacturer Lab. Radio in Líria, Spain.
 Automotive Molding Company — a manufacturer of exterior body components — is acquired, making Guardian the first Tier 1 automotive supplier for both glass and trim products.
 Guardian goes private after 17 years as a public company.
 Guardian acquires Windsor Plastics, a manufacturer of decorative injection molded products, which becomes Guardian Automotive Trim.
The diverse footprint of Global™ covers North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific, and includes:
We are where you need us, now.
State-of-the-art-plating line
Eight Principles. One proven approach.
Market-Based Management® is a way for organizations to succeed by helping others improve their lives. It is the business philosophy and framework that we apply to innovate, improve and transform ourselves in order to create greater value and find fulfillment. Our MBM® Guiding Principles are who we are as a company and they guide everything we do.
Market-Based Management® (MBM®) is the engine that powers the Guardian family of companies. is an holistic approach to management that integrates theory and practice and prepares organizations to deal successfully with the challenges of growth and change. The theory of is rooted in five dimensions:
 Determining where and how the organization can create the greatest long-term value.
 Helping ensure that people with the right values, skills and capabilities are hired, retained and developed.
 Creating, acquiring, sharing and applying relevant knowledge, and measuring and tracking profitability.
 Ensuring the right people are in the right roles with the right authority to make decisions and holding them accountable.
 Rewarding people according to the value they create for the organization.
When these dimensions are applied in an integrated, mutually reinforcing manner, they create continuous transformation and positive growth.
is working every day to create superior value for our customers and society, striving to go...
Taking action beyond what is required
Reaching beyond borders to establish a footprint
 beyond what society requires us to do
beyond the needs of our customers and consumers
In all we do, we go… 
