Executive Management
Robert Mulverhill was named Executive Chairman and Director in 2012 bringing more than thirty-five years executive management and industry leadership. He oversees corporate direction and strategy implementation, advising the Board and supporting the company’s and senior leadership on corporate, business and policy matters.
In 2009, Mr. Mulverhill was named President and International Seismic Co. Inc.,
Michael Pardun, Chief Executive Officer
Michael Pardun was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director in 2012. With over 20 years executive level experience, he is responsible for the firm's strategic direction and growth.
Prior to Alcohol, Mr. Pardun served as the Chief Operating Officer Alternative Asset Development Group, – a private equity partnership with retired Senator Wayne Allard. Mike 
has over two decades leadership in start-up, private and public companies, where he
Philippe Brunet, President & Chief Operating Officer
Philippe Brunet joined in 2016. As President & Chief Operating Officer, Philippe brings over 30 years international, senior leadership experience with several Forbes Global 300 organizations, including: The Linde Group, the world leading gases and engineering ($23sales), and the Saint-Gobain Group, world leader in the habitat and construction markets ($50B).
Philippe has extensive industry knowledge, including corporate and business develop
Lynn Newman, Environmental & Regulatory Affairs
Mr. Newman joined in 2010. As Vice President Environmental and Regulatory Affairs, he is responsible for ensuring that our products meet environmental and regulatory requirements, and staying abreast emerging federal and state regulations. He is also responsible for intellectual property filings.
Mr. Newman's career spans four decades executive leadership in Technology-focused industries, 
including Serena Software, Sterling Software and Technologies, and Financial industries
Richard Ridley, Operations & Project Execution
Mr. Ridley joined in 2015 and is responsible for managing the Engineering, Construction, and Operations all Alcohol’s plants.
Prior to Alcohol, Mr. Ridley served as Director Operations Sustainability and Mechanical Equipment at Sundrop Fuels, a Biomass Gasification Co. At Sundrop, he was 
responsible for coordination all activities between the engineering contractors and the
© 2019 by - All Rights Reserved   commercializing unique Hyper Low Carbon Technology
      for advanced fuel additives and specialty chemicals
          in the global energy markets
Our Hyper-Low Carbon Technology® sets a higher for greenhouse gases emissions reduction and puts our enterprise at the forefront the transformations reshaping the world energy and specialty chemicals.
Our mission is to provide advanced clean fuel additives technologies that contributes to tackling that complex challenge with a breakthrough environmental and economic value proposition.
The highest combination blending fuel properties performance: octane, energy content, distillation curve profile, oxygenates content
The lowest carbon footprint all fuel additives
very efficient and cost-effective manufacturing process
While aligning with societal aspirations for a cleaner world, our OctaneX® Technologies help our customers and supply chain partners drive up their profitability.
The earth is an abundant provider, but there is a delicate balance that must be maintained.
    It is our obligation, and our firm commitment,
    to tread softly and make best use our
    technology to help maintain that balance.
As a Clean Tech enterprise, we are committed to the highest sustainability standards.
Hyper-Low Carbon Technology®
Our Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage ("CCUS") manufacturing process captures over 90% the carbon dioxide emissions and reusing them so they will not enter the atmosphere.
Our fuel additives solutions improve vehicle efficiencies and reduce fuel consumption
Our patented formula lowers greenhouse gas tailpipe emissions such as carbon dioxide, nitrous oxides, CO2, NOx and VOCs
International and Seasoned C-level Leadership Team with deep Clean Energy and Specialty Chemicals expertise, and proven track records in the commercialization innovative technologies
is guided by a Board Directors comprised notable industry experts, successful entrepreneurs and business executives with deep international business development expertise.
Alcohol's executive management team is comprised global executives with seasoned & backgrounds, deep industry experience and proven track records in the commercialization innovative technologies.
nurtures partnerships with world-class supply chain specialty chemicals, technology and financial enterprises to advance its cutting-edge technology, and offers a range attractive business models across U.S., Asia and Europe..
Alcohol, Hyper Low Carbon Technology, OctaneX, i-Octane, i-Octane+, e-Octane, e-Octane+, Mixed Alcohols Fuel Additive Technologies, High Octane Fuel Additive Technology and Envirolene are trademarks America, Inc.
