Space Elevator History
Advanced Aircraft
Space Debris Removal
Lunar Development
Low-Cost Launch
Headquartered in Mount Pleasant, STAR, Inc. is a premier high-tech small business for
         South Carolina.  Since its founding in 1998, has performed aircraft spacecraft for the Department of Defense,
         NASA,  With in-house funding for small business, has developed new concepts for high-altitude, long-endurance
         aircraft; propellantless, maneuvering spacecraft; space elevators for the Moon. has also won the Small Business Administration’s
         National Tibbetts Award for South Carolina.  
Game Changing Division
ElectroDynamic Debris Eliminator (EDDE)
Phase SBIR, Navy SPAWAR
High Altitude Morphing  Aircraft
Autonomous Orbit Transfer Vehicle
Marshall Space Flight Center
In-Space Propulsion Technologies Program
The Lunar Space Elevator
Institute for Advanced Concepts
Research, Inc., 3213 Carmel Bay Drive, Suite 200 Mount Pleasant, 29466,
Space Elevator History
Advanced Aircraft
Space Debris Removal
Lunar Development
Low-Cost Launch
Jerome Pearson, President of STAR, Inc.,
         conceived the idea of the space elevator in 1969 at the Ames Center, perfected the concept in the early
         1970s, when he was at the Air Force Laboratory in Ohio. He published his ideas in an 
that first brought the idea to the attention of the entire world of spaceflight researchers. Sir Arthur Clarke, living in
         Sri Lanka, consulted with Pearson in the late 1970s in writing his novel, "The Fountains of Paradise," which brought
         Pearson’s idea of the space elevator to an even larger audience. Sir Arthur included in the book an appendix that credited
The idea of a "stairway to heaven" is as old as the Bible, includes the Tower of Babel
         Jacob’s Ladder. Modern thought on space elevators goes back to Konstantin Tsiolkovski, a school teacher in St. Petersburg,
         Russia, who did a "thought experiment" on a tower into space. Tsiolkovski imagined tall towers cosmic railways,
         discovered what we now call the geostationary altitude for a spacecraft, at which point the gravitational centrifugal
         forces on a body in a one-day orbit are in balance. Tsiolkovski calculated the synchronous altitudes for the five visible
         planets, the sun, but concluded that building such a real tower into orbit was impossible. 
In the 1960s, Leningrad engineer Yuri Artsutanov discovered how to build a real structure for the
         space elevator, but published no technical papers; his ideas appeared in a Sunday supplement to Pravda, their significance
         was not recognized in the West. In 1966, a group of oceanographers led by John Isaacs at the Scripps Institute of Oceanography,
         La Jolla, California, again discovered the concept. But they proposed such a thin wire that it would be cut by micro-meteorites
         almost instantly, was therefore completely impractical. Two other near-discoveries were by Sutton Diederich in 1967
         Collar Flower in 1969, who proposed lowering a stationary satellite on a long cable, but they did not extend this
         to the space elevator.
         the earlier work, independently discovered the concept, but published it in the international journal 
, thus gave the space elevator to the international
         aerospace community for the first time. His discovery included using the space elevator for zero-net-energy space launching,
         for launching payloads from the elevator tip to reach other planets without requiring rockets. He also was first examine
         the dynamics of actually lifting payloads up the elevator, found limitations on the speeds of ascent, akin to the critical
         velocities of a rotating shaft the periodic loads from soldiers marching on a bridge. 
Hans Moravec had been thinking along similar lines, seeing the Pearson orbital tower publication
         led him to propose rotating space towers unconnected to a planet or moon, for catching throwing space payloads to different
         orbits. Artsutanov had also proposed this concept in 1969, but it was not known to Moravec. 
         extended the space elevator idea to the moon, using the Lagrangian points as balance points in lieu of the geostationary orbit,
"lunar anchored satellite"
 could be used to bring lunar materials into high Earth orbit cheaply. Pearson published the first paper on the  lunar
         space elevator concept at the 1977 L5 Society Conference in London, then published his journal article in March of 1979.
          Interestingly, Artsutanov published a paper on a lunar space elevator just one month later, without either author being
         aware of the other!
Paul Birch of Englconceived of a dynamic space elevator, in
         the form of a hollow ring about the Earth with a super-orbital wire inside it. The resulting unbalanced centrifugal force
         would support shorter space elevators hanging from the ring, producing a low-altitude space elevator.  
         could be lifted along the elevators to the orbital ring, then accelerated to orbital velocity. Keith Lofstrom proposed
         a smaller launch loop with a moving conductor inside, to lift itself above the atmosphere launch payloads into orbit.
         Rod Hyde of Lawrence Livermore Laboratory conceived of another dynamic space elevator, supported vertically by electromagnetic
         disks being fired from the base upward, then deflected down by a magnetic driver at the top. The reaction force would
         keep the tower stable to any altitude, but of course payloads at the top would not have orbital velocity unless the tower
         reached at least synchronous altitude over the equator. 
         Penzo then extended the idea of space elevators tethers to Phobos, the closer the moon of Mars. He also proposed using
         a rotating tether to attach a spacecraft to asteroids, to change its orbit without rockets, like a gravitational assist. Pearson
         Guy Pignolet of Germany almost simultaneously conceived of the idea of a 
rotating tube about an asteroid
 to throw asteroidal material into space, providing rocket thrust to retrieve
         the asteroid. Another possibility is to use the Artsutanov-Moravec rotating tether to catch suborbital payloads throw
         them into Earth orbit. The payloads could be launched either by rockets or by electromagnetic guns. 
One fundamental problem of building the space elevator is the phenomenal
         strength of materials required to support its mass over the 35,800-km height to geostationary orbit. Artsutanov Pearson
         recognized that carbon "whiskers" representing perfect-crystal structures, might be one way to achieve the required
         strength. When carbon nanotube structures were discovered, it was realized immediately by Richard Smalley at Rice University
         in Houston, Texas by Boris Yakobson at North Carolina State University that these super-strength materials would make
         the space elevator possible.
Using these ideas proposed materials, Bradley Edwards proposed a practical scheme
         for constructing a space elevator about the Earth, received funding for a study. workshop at Marshall Space
         Flight Center produced a summary of the current state of the space elevator. However, it may still be a long time before such
         a space elevator is built about the Earth, because of its interference with all other Earth satellites. The orbit of any Earth
         satellite, except for geostationary satellites, would constantly intersect that of the space elevator structure, would
         therefore require active avoidance.
On the other hand, it is possible to
         build Pearson’s lunar space elevator now, use it to develop lunar resources for lunar farside communication.
         It could also be constructed of existing composite materials, does not require the super-strength of carbon nanotubes.
         The use of rotating tethers for asteroid retrieval is also possible now, could even be used to rid the Earth of the danger
         of asteroid collisions, such as the one that killed the dinosaurs. 
         in St. Petersburg Russia in August of 2006, the two inventors of the space elevator met for the first time, when Jerome Pearson
         visited Yuri Artsutanov they talked, through an interpreter, outside the Hermitage Museum. Artsutanov related how he was
         given a sample of a high-strength material, imagined a hanging cable that could be tapered to reach synchronous orbit.
         Pearson related how he was inspired by a description by Arthur Clarke of synchronous satellites “perched atop imaginary
         towers,” figured out how to make the towers real. Artsutanov is long retired, but Pearson is still actively working
         in the field. In August, 2013, Pearson gave the keynote address to the International Space Elevator Conference in Seattle,
         described how he assisted Sir Arthur on the of space elevators for Clarke’s novel, “The Fountains
         space elevator history are listed here, in chronological order. 
Artsutanov, Y., "Into the Cosmos by Electric Rocket,"
 Komsomolskaya Pravda,
         E., "Satellite Elongation into a true 
    Sky-Hook," 
Sutton, W., Diederich, W., "Synchronous Rotation of a Satellite at Less that 
    Synchronous Altitude," Journal, Vol. 5,
Artsutanov, Y., "Into the Cosmos without Rockets," 
Collar, R., Flower, W., "	(Relatively) Low Altitude Geostationary Satellite,"
    Journal of the British Interplanetary Society, 
"The Orbital Tower: Spacecraft Launcher Using the Earth's Rotational 
    Energy,"
         Jerome, “Anchored Lunar Satellites for Cis-Lunar Transportation Communication,” 
    European Conference on Space Settlements Space Industries, London, September 1977. 
Journal of the Astronautical 
Pearson, J., "Lunar Anchored Satellite Test,"
"Anchored Lunar Satellites for Cislunar Transportation 
Journal of the Astronautical Sciences
Artsutanov, Y., "Railway ‘Moon-Earth’," 
, No. 4, p. 21, 1979.
Pignolet,
         G., "Retrieval of Asteroids for Space Materials," Paper 79-F-122, 
    September 1979.
"Asteroid Retrieval by Rotary Rocket."
Hyde, R., Wood, L., McCarthy, J., Minsky, M., "The Bridge:
    Can Build Now," Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory unpublished report, 1982.
Penzo, A., "Tethers
         for Mars Space Operations," Paper 84-174, July 1984.
Low Cost Launch System Orbital Fuel Depot
Yakobson, I., Smalley, E., "Fullerene Nanotubes: C
  American Scientist
Konstantin Tsiolkovski the Origin of the Space Elevator
Smitherman, V., Jr., Compiler, 
    Flight Center, Huntsville, AL, August 2000.
The Space Elevator: Revolutionary 
The Real History of the Space Elevator
Research, Inc., 3213 Carmel Bay Drive, Suite 200 Mount Pleasant, 29466,
