Fortus 380 Carbon Fiber Edition
Objet260 Dental and Objet260 and 500 Dental Selection
Elastomers. Remade. 
Volvo Construction Equipment cut tooling costs by using PolyJet to print functional prototypes.
We make it better.
From hardware and materials to software and services – we’ve led, reinvented and revolutionized 3Printing. Pioneering 1,200 new patents all designed to help you turn a great idea into a great success.
If you want to make it better. 
Make it with Stratasys.
"90% of Fortune 500 manufacturing CEOs believe adopting Industry 4.0 technologies is imperative."
Dan Burseth, Vice President, 
Get ideas off the ground faster with 3printed manufacturing tools and validated materials.
3print patient-specific anatomical models – better processes for you, better outcomes for patients.
Accelerators are designed to help kick-start a company’s journey into 3printing
Grabhas advanced controls so you can create purpose-built parts that reduce weight without compromising on strength or functionality.
Thermoplastics
Thermoplastics
Fortus 380mc and 450mc
Objet260 and 500 Dental Selection
Thermoplastics
has been at the forefront of 3printing innovation for more than 25 years. Through a growing ecosystem of technology partners, hardware and software integrators and industry experts, we offer end-to-end solutions to meet prototyping and production challenges of every shape and size.
Most customers purchase 3printers, software and materials through our network of value-added resellers. But beyond merely selling products, our resellers act as true partners and advisors, providing best-in-class solutions and incredible expertise. They’re committed to:
Advancing their customers’ competitive advantages
Maintaining up-to-date knowledge 
Working with strong industry leaders, we’re advancing manufacturing innovation by delivering technology, expertise and education to round out the most comprehensive additive manufacturing solutions available. Our partners include:
Learn more about our alliance partnerships
Partners: Log in for technical documents and exclusive resources
Resources lets you access detailed product documentation, technical application guides, best practices and more, when you need it – from your desktop.
Commercial Products Prototyping
Consumer Products Prototyping
Fortus 380 Carbon Fiber Edition
Objet260 Dental and Objet260 and 500 Dental Selection
Creativity and innovation can go from an idea to prototype faster than ever before in full color. See how Audi brought their taillight design to life.
We love hearing success stories. Here, Prefix reveal how they achieved maximum efficiency from their 3printer to serve the automotive, aircraft, and medical industries.
Every challenge is different, but we can help you find the right solution. Here’s how 3printing enabled one medical team to tackle a complex problem and help a little girl.
Make it with There’s a reason is a world leader.
For over 30 years we’ve been pioneering 3Printing technology, solving problems, questioning, inventing and reinventing. Continually asking, “How can we help our customers turn a great idea into a great success?”
It’s what drives us. Because we want you to succeed.
Making it easier, faster, better, cheaper than ever before to do the things you always wanted to, but never thought you could.
We provide the best products, services and support great thinking deserves. Giving your ideas the best possible chance of making it.
Make it with Stratasys.
By using 3printing technology, Axon enjoyed a huge reduction in time and tooling costs.
Since 1988, has worked closely with thousands of companies around the world, helping them develop perfect 3printing solutions.
“We are consistently modifying and improving our Formula 1 car designs, so the ability to test new designs quickly is critical.”
Return your used cartridges, canisters, spools, print engines and containers. It is easy being green.
We believe in the value and power of 3printing solutions. And the market agrees.
is changing the world for the better. Become a catalyst of that change.
Thermoplastics
Thermoplastics
Fortus 380mc and 450mc
Objet260 and 500 Dental Selection
Thermoplastics
Additive manufacturing is more powerful when it fits seamlessly into your operations and addresses your unique challenges.  That’s why is partnering with respected industry leaders to make 3printing work harder, meet precise application requirements, and better integrate with the software, hardware, and services you already use. Together, we’re advancing design and manufacturing innovation by delivering technology, expertise and education to round out the most comprehensive solutions available. 
Dassault Systèmes, the 3Company, provides business and people with virtual universes to imagine sustainable innovations. Its world-leading solutions transform the way products are designed, produced, and supported. 
shares Dassault Systèmes’ vision for a fully integrated, end-to-end design to additive manufacturing solution. They are collaborating to provide next-generation design tools that improve the functionality, efficiency and weight ratio of additively manufactured production parts.
is a global provider of technology platforms and solutions that transform how companies create, operate, and service the "things" in the Internet of Things (IoT).
They've jointly developed a seamless design-to-print workflow within Creo. It integrates informed design specification, file preparation, print optimization and print execution for 3Printers.
Siemens is a global technology powerhouse. Siemens Digital Factory offers a comprehensive portfolio that supports manufacturing companies worldwide to enhance flexibility and efficiency of their manufacturing processes and reduce the time to market of their products.
Together, Siemens and are working to incorporate additive manufacturing into the traditional manufacturing workflow, helping it become a recognized production method for multiple industries, including aerospace and automotive. Their key collaboration to date is the scalable, multi-purpose, multi-axis Robotic Composite 3Demonstrator that incorporates Siemens motion control technology and Siemens software to produce strong, accurate and lightweight performance parts in less time.
Powered by the Dassault Systèmes 3DExperience Platform, 3applications help engineers and designers succeed through innovation.
and have a shared vision of helping designers create, iterate and innovate faster. Together, they're collaborating to further simplify key functions in CAD-to-3print workflow.
We're committed to offering the best mix of technologies, deep industry expertise and the most flexible implementation options to meet our customers’ needs, whatever shape they may take.
Commercial Products Prototyping
Consumer Products Prototyping
