Ph: (317) 241-7600 Fx: (317) 248-2352
is located in Indianapolis, Indiana, just a few miles from the Indianapolis international airport.
We have provided reel to reel electroplated products for the automotive and electrical industries for over 30 years.
With over 100 employees, who are an integral part of our long term success,
designs and builds our own processing equipment, allowing us to quickly respond to our Customer needs and launch the latest technologies. 
possesses the largest reel to reel capability for a variety of metallurgies into many substrates
from .002” to .250” thick and from .100” to 18.00” wide.
has been 9001 and 14001 certified for over 20 years.
We pride ourselves with providing quality products to our Customers with up to date testing and measuring equipment, while protecting the environment through pollution prevention and continual improvement of our processes.
Our focus on service and Customer satisfaction is unparalleled making us a recognized leader in both the domestic and international interconnect supply chains.
As a leading supplier of electroplated products and services of coil stock material             for the automotive industry, electronics industry and component parts for the automotive             industry and military applications. strongly believes in sustainable             development for the protection of our environment through pollution prevention and             continual improvement of our process systems. Our organization is committed to:
Implementing, evaluating, and reviewing of a comprehensive environmental management system;
Meeting or exceeding the compliance requirements of applicable regulations and other requirements to which we subscribe;
Participating in the development of common sense approaches to achieving environmental objectives with open and honest communication with our stakeholders;
Prescribing and periodically reviewing environmental objectives and targets to ensure alignment with our goals.
Customer excellence and satisfaction is achieved through continual improvement of             our processes and products to ensure they consistently meet our customer requirements.