Develops AI-based Failure Detection System for Maximizing Output of Photovoltaic Power Plants
Teams with Safe Charge to Create Ultimate Roadtrip Experience
* Our feed has been changed as follows. Please re-register the site.
Prestressing Steel Supports Infrastructure around the World
Develops AI-based Failure Detection System for Maximizing Output of Photovoltaic Power Plants
Teams with Safe Charge to Create Ultimate Roadtrip Experience
InternshipBasic Policy for Risk Management
has established the Risk Management Committee, which is chaired by the President, and promotes the measures that mitigate various risks associated with our business activities such as risks related to safety, disaster, quality and environment. The Risk Management Office serves as the organizer. If risks come to the surface, the crisis management system will be formed promptly and appropriately based on the Basic Policy of Risk Management.
Giving top priority to ensuring quality and safety, as a product and service provider
Maintaining favorable relations with stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, local communities and employees
Ensuring that compliance with laws and regulations and adherence to corporate ethics constitute the basis of the Group's management
Honoring the Business Spirit, the Group Corporate Principles, and the Group Charter of Corporate Behavior
In accordance with the risk categories below, takes inventory of risks in each unit and affiliate every year and promotes planning and implementation of measures to address significant risks and insufficiently controlled risks. Thus, is following risk management procedures consistently to raise the group-wide risk management level.
Risks to our Group are classified as follows in our risk reduction initiatives.
Market risk; e.g. interest rate, exchange rate and material prices
Occupational hazards, facility accident and safety risks
As part of the Company's risk management efforts, developed business continuity plans (BCPs) in fiscal 2007 to ensure that our business activities can be continued even in the event of an emergency, such as an earthquake, influenza pandemic and fire, and that we can resume operations at the earliest possible time. Furthermore, we promote business continuity management (BCM) to keep the BCPs updated and provide employees with practical training, thereby preparing them to respond to emergencies.
The Group enhances disaster awareness of employees by implementing joint emergency drills twice a year (in the daytime and at night). These are evacuation drills, including confirming the safety of employees and simulating the initial response to emergency situations. Besides these drills, we are expanding the communications equipment available (introducing satellite mobile phones and digital walkie-talkies), reviewing measures to prevent disasters and preparing for situations in which it is difficult for employees to return home.
① Ensuring the safety of human life
We will give top priority to ensuring the safety of human life of customers, employees, suppliers, residents in local communities and other stakeholders.
② Stable supply of products and services
We will stably supply products and services required by societies to fulfill our responsibility as a supplier.
③ Respect for compliance and corporate social responsibility
We will fulfill our corporate social responsibility by respecting compliance and by acting in accordance with the Spirit, the Group Corporate Principles and the Group Charter of Corporate Behavior.
With regard to information on individuals such as customers, business contacts and employees involved in the course of business, the Company declares that it will observe laws and regulations relating to personal information protection and other codes, and will establish voluntary rules and frameworks. This is stipulated in our Personal Information Protection Policy, which was implemented in April 2005. To effect the above declaration, the Company also set forth the Personal Information Protection Rules. Through employee education programs and other means, the Company works to develop and improve the in-house system for personal information management.
Strengthening of Our Information Security Management System
In terms of information security, considers in-house information systems, as well as all information handled by such systems, to be important assets. In October 2003, the Company formulated the Information Security Policy, which declares that the Company will appropriately protect and manage such assets. The Company also strives to continuously improve the information security management system, by establishing security measure standards, including information leakage countermeasures and risk management measures. Moreover, conscious that we have a social responsibility to maintain a high level of security in our products, in October 2016 we launched the “SEI-Office” as a means of further strengthening information security management to encompass our products and production equipment.
As a part of the Group, based on its management concept, we aim to be a company that is trusted at all times, and shall make following efforts for information security in order to contribute in making a safe and secure society and environment.
Provide excellent products and services with sufficient consideration for information security and respond the customer’s requests
Securely protect information received from customers and business partners
Strive for constant growth by nourishing information security human resource and conducting continuous employees training
The company also provides education on information security for all employees every year to ensure observance of the rules. Our conventional efforts to strengthen information security include encryption of the hard drive of laptop computers, supply of safe and secure file transfer service and restriction on data storage in portable electronic media. And our efforts are not limited to administrative operations. To improve security in our production equipment, we limit the devices that can be connected to equipment and have stepped up measures to combat viruses, while in the area of products and services, we are tackling vulnerabilities, developing secure products, and so on.
has set forth internal rules on security trade control to ensure compliance with export control regulations aimed at international security, and established an export control system headed by a representative director.
Our export activities are conducted after proper screening of individual business transactions and obtainment of necessary export licenses such as comprehensive export license.
Our employees and persons concerned are provided with position-based training, as well as periodical training, which deals with the latest cases, and training at the time of their appointment to the position, so that they are aware of their responsibility for security trade control and obtain necessary knowledge.
We also conduct audits in the Company and its affiliates in Japan and overseas constantly to monitor proper export activities.
seeks protection of the company's own technology by proper management of technical know-how, as well as acquisition of the intellectual property rights (IPRs) such as patent rights or design rights. At the same time, we pay scrupulous attention and respect to the IPRs of other companies.
To this end, we have developed a rule on handling of intellectual property, and provided the intellectual property department with functions to support business units or R&units including those in our subsidiaries such as discovery of inventions, investigation of prior arts and IPRs of other companies, formulation of strategy and response from the perspective of intellectual property-related laws and regulations. In order to improve consciousness throughout the Group, we hold a Group-wide Intellectual Property Right Convention every year to commend the strategic applications that are highly expected to contribute to our business performance as well as the cases that have effectively utilized IPRs to greatly improve business results. We also organize in-house training programs that match the experience and level of proficiency of each employee, and publish the company magazine“ news” five times a year.
Moreover, we promote 1) analysis of the rights owned by and other companies, 2) IPRs application based on the business plan or safeguarding know-how against disclosure and 3) countermeasure to IPRs of other companies, through concerted efforts among respective divisions, R&units and the intellectual property department at“ strategy meetings” or“ committees” of each division. In recognition of these efforts to develop an intellectual property management system aimed at establishing and executing our intellectual property strategy, we received FY2013 Intellectual Property Achievement Award.
Since the Company’s founding in 1897, Industries, Ltd. has continued to take on challenges to achieve a prosperous and dream-filled future. In late 19th century, Japan was still heavily dependent on expensive imported cables. decided to break ground with the wire business for the benefit of the nation. Starting with the production of copper and silicon copper wires, the Company played an important role in supporting the development of Japanese industries, succeeding in the first domestic production of high-voltage underground cables and the production and installation of the world's longest submarine cables.
120 years have passed since then. With its belief in the great potential of "innovation," the Group will continue to contribute to the development of Japan and the world, both today and in the future.
The year 2017 marks the 120th anniversary of the founding of Electric. From an wire and cable manufacturer in Osaka 120 years ago, we have grown into a global leading company in automotive, infocommunications, electronics, energy and industrial materials industry. Take a journey through time and find out more about the defining moments in our history.
Copper Rolling Works, which formed the basis of Wire and Cable Works, the predecessor to Industries, Ltd., was established in 1897.
The nation was experiencing a severe recession as a reaction to an entrepreneurial boom following the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895). In the wake of Sumitomo's acquisition of Japan Copper Manufacturing Co., Ltd. in March of this year,  Copper Rolling Works was established.
Wire and Cable Works established
Despite the remarkable development of the power business, the nation was still relied on imports for high-grade goods, and its technologies were immature. Lamenting the situation, Kankichi Yukawa, Director and Manager of Head Office, decided to further accelerate the electrical wire business to benefit both and the nation. In the fall of that year, succeeded in the practical application of lead-coated power cables for the first time in Japan, demonstrating a further leap in technology. These cables were used for power transmission from Kyoto Dento's thermal power plant in Fushimi to Kyoto City.
In 1914, we developed trolley wires. The first delivery was made to Tokyo City (present-day Tokyo metropolis) in 1916. Since then, these trolley wires have been used in various railways in Japan (in recent years, in the Keihan Nakanoshima Line, Tokyo Metropolitan Nippori-Toneri Liner), as well as overseas in the Taiwan High Speed Rail, also known as Taiwan's bullet train.
This major project started when Sumitomo’s copper mine refinery was relocated to the uninhabited island of Shisakajima in 1905. Much time and expense was incurred since coal used as fuel had to be transported by ship from Niihama each time, making it less economical to continue with thermal power generation on the island. hydropower plant was located on the opposite shore of Besshi, where there was an abundance of power. However, it was a remote spot located more than 20 km away, and required underwater power transmission lines that were considered impossible with the technology of that time.
held repeated negotiations on the installation of submarine cables with German and British wire companies but none of them guaranteed the outcomes of the construction because there were no such long-distance submarine transmission lines anywhere in the world (the only well-known long-distance lines at that time were submarine cables in San Francisco that were 7 km short and a submarine cable between Sweden and Denmark that was about 5 km).
This project required a 21-km line connecting Niihama in Ehime Prefecture to Shisakajima, and was the world's longest submarine transmission line at the time. After a series of hardships, including  severe storms and degradation of  cable insulation resistance, underwater installation work was carried out over 20 days.
Successful domestic production of piano wire for valve springs of aircraft engines
Successful production and stringing of the world's first 250ktransmission cable with Furukawa Co., Ltd. (between Kurobe and Sasazu)
Experienced four aerial bombings in WWII
Although the war had ended, plants had been hit hard by air strikes and were in a desperate situation. After expressing appreciation to the employees for all their past efforts, then-President Sadao Bekku said that Japan must now rebuild itself as a cultural nation, and that Electric's products are essential to achieving this, and therefore, the company must strive to manufacture products for achieving its mission in whatever form the company would take. In addition to wires, also manufactured daily necessities, such as rubber boots, heaters, wire mesh, and hoes and other agricultural tools, using materials on hand.
Typhoon Jane was a large typhoon that hit Osaka in September 1950, inflicting damage with 336 people dead, 500,000 victims, and 15,000 houses collapsing mainly in the Kansai region. The western plant of Osaka Works was flooded by water.  Aluminum overhead transmission cables bound for India were submerged by floodwaters. Although the products could have been made usable by washing them, management decided to re-make them all, with no thought of gain. This clearly shows our traditional spirit of devoting ourselves wholeheartedly to supplying quality products and placing prime importance on reliability.
The Chosei Bridge over the Misogi River, which flows through Nanao City in Ishikawa Prefecture, is Japan's first prestressed concrete (PC) bridge and was installed by Nanao Shipyard of East Japan Heavy Industries, the predecessor to Mitsubishi Construction Co., Ltd., in December 1951. Piano wire was supplied by Electric. The bridge was removed in flood control works carried out in 2001 and partially relocated to Kibo-no-Oka Park (Hope Park) on the outskirts of Nanao City. The bridge still continues to contribute to the community.
Succeeded in achieving domestic production Television broadcasting antennas
Trial broadcasting in Japan began in Tokyo in 1952. The following year, Tokyo and Nippon Television Network Corporation launched stations in succession. However, facilities used in these early stations, including antennas and power cables, had all been imported.
had been manufacturing antennas and electrical supply cables for the National Police Agency and Defense Agency. Based on these technologies, the Company began developing antennas and electrical supply cables for broadcasting with the cooperation of Science & Technology Research Laboratories. In 1954, we delivered a copper pipe co-axial electrical supply cable to the Nagoya Bureau, and in 1957, we successfully manufactured and put the entire antenna system at Kokura Bureau into operation.
Regular tracks are often visualized with wooden railway sleepers, but in the case of Dywidag sleepers adopted in the Tokaido Shinkansen, materials assumed this role in place of wood. Electric's Dywidag sleepers were adopted for use in the Tokaido Shinkansen in 1961, with full-fledged delivery starting in the following year.
Since the start of research in 1955, we have developed air springs mainly for railway cars. In 1962, we developed a diaphragm air spring in cooperation with Metal Industries, Ltd. and supplied to private rail cars and bullet train cars. Later on, new air springs "Sumiride" were developed and delivered to many customers both inside and outside of Japan.
●Parabolic antenna for syncom satellite, used to transmit live broadcasts of the Tokyo Olympic games
Parabolic antenna for syncom satellite, used to transmit live broadcasts of the Tokyo Olympic games
Parabolic antenna for syncom satellite, used to transmit live broadcasts of the Tokyo Olympic games
Electric's parabolic antennas for syncom satellites were used at the 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games, enabling the world's first satellite broadcasting of the Olympics. Broadcasting the games in real time to the world was one of the dreams of the people around the world at that time.
"Traffic Game," the main feature of the Automobile Pavilion at the Japan World Expo held in Osaka in 1970, was a one-of-a kind exhibition at the Expo venue, where visitors could enjoy taking part. In the game, colorful miniature cars ran on a grid-shaped track constructed in the circular square. The cars need to enter their opposite base and continues to cross back to their original base. If this circuit is successfully completed three times within two minutes, the driver received a souvenir gift. With 250,000 participants, the success rate was about 3%. The royal family, including the Crown Prince, also visited during that time.
In addition to this, our power cables and steel cords (used for moving walkways) played an important role at the Osaka Expo. Moving walkways spread across the country after the Expo.
Joint experiments on bus location systems, a first in Japan
Joint experiments on bus location systems, a first in Japan
Joint experiments on bus location systems, a first in Japan
In addition to traffic control systems, we also developed a bus location system from the middle of 1970s to 1980s.
Road congestion was already a significant issue, and the poor punctuality of city buses had resulted in a visible decrease in users. The bus location system was examined as a countermeasure to address this issue and was introduced for the first time in Japan. Under the guidance of the Ministry of Transport, joint experiments were conducted with in charge of the development of equipment, and Tokyu Corporation in charge of operations. demonstration plan was decided in 1971 and design and production began in June 1972. Demonstrations for each function were carried out from August 1973 to January 1974.
●Started experimental production of intelligent robot with advanced awareness and judgment functions
●Produced one of the world's largest synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
Produced one of the world's largest synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
Produced one of the world's largest synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
In 1970, we began research on synthetic diamonds. As a manufacturer of cemented carbide, we had numerous requests to produce ultra-high-pressure products, such as diamonds, but we had no technical basis with which to do so. Two-axis machining equipment was not available anywhere in Japan and  equipment from overseas was every expensive. Therefore, we started to research ultra-high-pressure technology from zero by ourselves.
In 1982, we succeeded in manufacturing a 1.2-carat, single crystal diamond, which was included in the 1984 version of the Guinness Book of World Records as the world's largest synthetic diamond at that time. Crystals had a yellow hue due to the influence of impurities, but now clear and colorless high-quality crystals of about 10 carats are available.
Sumicrystal, synthetic single crystal diamond
Opening of Kansai International Airport (provide comprehensive communications network system, contact power cable support and prestressed steel for paving)
Construction work on Kansai International Airport began in January 1987. was responsible for the construction of roads and railways, electrical power supply to the airport, paved steel materials for parking lots, information infrastructure, and integrated communication systems. Specifically, our steel products are used in airport roads, including the Japan Highway Public Corporation's Kansai International Airport Line and Hanwa Expressway, as well as the Hanshin Expressway Wangan Route, in addition to elevated bridges and orbital concrete sleepers for the Kansai International Airport Line on the and Nankai Railway.
We also supplied systems to connect individual information management systems for parking lots, facilities, and refueling, as well as systems installed in the airport island, thereby centralizing information and resources. Our products have also been adopted in cables and accessories for trunk power cables to the island and power distribution cables in control towers and employee accommodations.
Started experiments on InGaAs crystal growth for the Space Shuttle Endeavour
Started experiments on InGaAs crystal growth for the Space Shuttle Endeavour
NASA's Space Shuttle Endeavor enabled a number of experiments that were difficult to conduct on the ground ("Fuwatto '92" project). One experiment tried to produce new ambitious materials by taking advantage of the features in outer space where substances with poor compatibility like oil and water will mix uniformly.
Started power transmission via superconducting cable in actual power transmission lines
high-temperature superconducting cable manufactured by was used for the practical application of underground power transmission cables for the first time in the world. In a superconducting cable project in Albany, SuperPower Inc. was the main contractor, National Grid supplied power cables, (now Linde) conducted cooling, and oversaw the manufacturing, installation, and operation of superconducting cables. 350-m superconducting cable was constructed over 3.2 km between two substations in Albany City, and long-term power distribution demonstration was carried out using a real system.
Long-term power transmission demonstrations using actual grids were completed successfully in April 2008.
For wiring harnesses, copper wires are commonly used for the excellent electrical conductivity. However, in order to contribute to the reduction of vehicle weight, the Group developed aluminum alloy wires that have a current conductivity equivalent to that of copper wires with half the weight of copper wires. Aluminum wiring harnesses using these wires have been sold since 2010.
Of the cars in the world, one in four uses Group wiring harnesses.
●Started sales of the world's highest fiber count  optical cables
●Construction of a 1 power generation plant in Morocco and start of performance evaluation
Construction of a 1 power generation plant in Morocco and start of performance evaluation
Construction of a 1 power generation plant in Morocco and start of performance evaluation
Based on a demonstration contract with the Moroccan Agency for Sustainable Energy (MASEN), a megawatt-class power plant using our 1-concentrator photovoltaic system was built in Ouarzazate, Morocco. We are carrying out five-year field demonstration from November 2016 to May 2021.
400kcable installation project in the and Belgium
400kcable installation project in the and Belgium
This project built an interconnecting transmission line between the and Belgium over a total length of 141.5 km including 130 km long under sea connection. and its subsidiary, J-Power Systems, will oversee the design, manufacture, installation, and maintenance of the transmission cable system. Please take a look at this project in our e-magazine "id".Contact Us
Develops AI-based Failure Detection System for Maximizing Output of Photovoltaic Power Plants
Teams with Safe Charge to Create Ultimate Roadtrip Experience
Installs More Than 7,000 String Monitoring Units in 60 Solar Power Plants (capacity: 450 MW)
Delivers Contact Wires for the Dedicated Freight Corridor Construction Project in India
wins contract with Electricité du Cambodge for  High-Voltage Underground Cables Project in Phnom Penh, Cambodia
Launches the High-Power SEVD™-11Quick-Charger Connector Assembly
Commences Shipping of Terrestrial Optical Fiber Cable Made of Low-Loss, Large Effective Area Fibers
to Feature High Output Power S-band and X-band GaProducts for Radar Applications at 2018
to Offer Power Transmission/Transformation Equipment and Installation Work to Japan's Largest Wind Farm
Develops String Monitoring Unit for 1,500 Solar Power Plants
Starts Strategic Partnership in the Access Network Equipment Business with ADTRAN
to Showcase Technologies that will Fuel Next-Generation Communications
Donates Its Spaced Aerial Cable for Demonstration Test with Mandalay Electricity Supply Corporation in Myanmar
and Collaborate in AI- and IoT-based Mobility Business
Has Developed a DFB-Module, the World's Smallest Mid-infrared Light Source for High-Speed Sensing
Opening Ceremony Held for Tohoku Sumiden Precision
Participates in Japanese Government Project—FY2017 Feasibility Study Project for Overseas Development of Quality Energy Infrastructure Businesses—
Efforts of Group to Reduce Environmentally Hazardous Substances Used in Electronic Wire Products
Awarded JLabs' Interoperability Qualification
Develops Magnesium Alloy for Die Casting with Superior Heat Resistance
Becomes First Tier One Automotive Supplier to Partner with Gomentum Station
Expands Production Capacity for Water Treatment Membrane Modules in China
Exhibits at the 45th Tokyo Motor Show 2017
Success of ultra-high capacity optical fiber transmission breaking the world
Offers Total Solution to STV
Releases Hybrid 4Set-Top Box with Android TV™ Built-in
ENERGYMATE™-Factory Incorporating Electric's 
World's Largest Transmission Capacity with Standard Diameter Multi-Core Optical Fiber
The New e-magazine "id" Visualizes Electric's Ideas toward Future
Kosuke Horii Selected to Compete at World Championships 2017
Develops V-by-One US-Compliant Flexible Flat Cable "Type-WS" and Starts Shipping Samples
Athletics Club Members Tomoya Tamura and Kosuke Horii Selected to Compete at World Relays
Supplies Redox Flow Battery to Taiwan Power Research Institute
Siemens and win order for link and agree on cooperation
Renews World Record of Lowest Loss Optical Fiber
Delivers Highly Integrated Solutions for Future Networks
and to Showcase 100PAM-4 over Single Wavelength
Starts Demonstration of Storage Battery System for Power Grid in California
The 27th Announcement of Unsecured Straight Bond Issue
The 26th Announcement of Unsecured Straight Bond Issue
Starts Operation of Concentrator Photovoltaic (CPV) Power Generation Pilot Plant in Australia
Synchrotron Radiation Beamline for Exclusive Use by Group Starts Operation
Participates in Forum 2016 Hosted by Saudi Arabian Oil Company
Expands Series with and Cutter Bodies
New Si6-inch Line Now on Operation at Power Electronics Research Platform
Wins Contract for Habarana-Veyangoda Transmission Line in Sri Lanka
Exhibits at the International Broadcast Equipment Exhibition 2016
Starts Operation of Concentrator Photovoltaic Power Generation Pilot Plant
Establishes Offices for Information Security Management and R&Promotion
Has Decided to Employ the Track and Field Athlete Hyuga Endo
New 4Group Driving Development of 10, 20, and 40 km Low Cost 100Optical Specifications Targeting Modern Data Centers
Releases New FTTx Fusion Splicer T-400S
Acquires Keystone, Powdered Metal Component Manufacturer
Releases Industry-Leading 3456Ultra-High-Fiber-Count Ribbon Cables
Tomoya Tamura Will Compete in Men's 4 × 400 m Relay at the Rio 2016 Olympics
Strengthens Sales of Low- and Medium-Voltage Cables in Myanmar
Starts to Provide KDDI's "au-HIKARI" Services with 4IP-Set Top Box
Establishes Cutting and Grinding Tool Sales Company in Taiwan
Notice Regarding the Results of the Repurchase of Shares of Common Stock
Notice Regarding the Status of the Repurchase of Shares of Common Stock
Provides Donation for the Kumamoto Earthquake Relief
Notice Regarding the Repurchase of Shares of Common Stock
Made the Contract with the Moroccan Agency for Solar Energy Regarding Operation of Concentrator Photovoltaic Power Generation Pilot Plant
Has Developed Coupled Multi-Core Optical Fiber Suitable for Ultra-Long-Haul Transmission
To Showcase 25 Gb/s SFP28-Transceiver Operating at Extended Temperature at OFC
Launches Extra-High-Strength Superconductor, DI-BSCCO™ Type HT-NX
Receives Fiat's Supplier of the Year
President's New Year Message to Employees (summary)
Unveils IP-Feature Enhancement for Plala's 4Kp60 "Hikari-TV" Linear Broadcasting Service 
Product Certification Acquired for Redox Flow Cell Stack
Settlements of Class Action Lawsuits in the regarding Automotive Wire Harnesses and Related Products and Heater Control Panels
Is Now Offering X-Band 200-Watt GaIMFETs in Volume Production
Industries, Ltd. chosen as official sponsor for the WorldSkills São Paulo 2015 to provide products for the "Information Network Cabling competition."
Originally Structured High-Efficiency and High-Stability SiPower Transistor
The Method is Recognized as a Prestigious Milestone for the Excellent Mass Production of High-quality Optical Fiber Indispensable for Building Optical Communication Networks
J-Power Systems Wins Contract with for Subsea Interconnector Cable System between and Belgium
Demand Response Demonstration Test for Negawatt Trading Successfully Completed Using an Energy Management System, "
Has Developed New-type Multi-Core Optical Fiber for Optical Interconnects and Realized Highest-Density Multi-Core Fiber Optic Cable
and Xilinx conduct joint 100Demonstration
Has Developed Single-mode Multi-fiber Lensed Optical Connectors
Sales of "SEC-WaveMill WFX08000" shoulder milling indexable cutter to be launched
Expansion of "Grooving Tool Type" Product Lineup and Release
Development and Sale of "Breakers/Breakers" for Low Carbon Steel and General Steel Turning Process
President's New Year Message to Employees (summary)
The Group comprises approximately 390 group companies in around 40 countries in Asia, Americas and Europe, with over 240,000 employees.
For our affiliated companies, click below.
Business activities of all over the world are introduced in the following.
For our business locations worldwide, click on 
In 2015, the Group established and introduced a more consistent visual identity in order to better visually represent the features of the Group and impress customers in various situations.
Learn more about the visual identity of the Group.
In formulating its visual identity, the Group identified the four brand values below that underpin Electric’s unique qualities.
Long-term, continuous perspective with a view to the future
Creation of new values with an innovative mind
The Group’s corporate design was established to convey the brand values (Visionary, Committed, Diverse, Innovative) and visually represent the Group.
The corporate design is intended to standardize the unique image of around the world and strengthen the brand power of the entire Group. Specifically, lines are extended in four directions, as if stretching copper wires, from the igeta mark that symbolizes the Business Spirit such as banji-nissei (Committed). The corporate design also represents the long-term and continuous perspective, the image of a path that leads to the future (Visionary), as well as new businesses and values that are created based on Sumitomo’s copper mine operations (Innovative). The visual identity (VI), including the format, corporate font, and photo style, is applied in accordance with the global design rules.
*  Visual identity: To showcase the brand in a visually standardized manner to all stakeholders including customers, suppliers, employees, and local communities by applying visual elements (e.g. illustrations, photos, characters, colors) to various advertisements and printed matter in accordance with the established application rules.
Interested readers are advised to refer to 
The Group, in accordance with the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles, shall strive to be a group of companies worthy of society's trust by conducting the business activities in an honest manner.
The Spirit grew out of the guiding principles set down by founder Masatomo in his "Monjuin Shiigaki" (the Aphorisms of Monjuin). This corporate spirit has been developed, deepened, and handed down over generations in the Family enterprise, and its essence was distilled in the Rules Governing the family established in 1882, and formulated into two business principles in 1891. Although there were some corrections to the wording, the Business Principles have been inherited with no change in the contents up to now.
shall achieve prosperity based on solid foundation by placing prime importance on integrity and sound management in the conduct of its business.
Banji-nissei means “do your sincere best, not only in business, but also in every aspect of your life. ”Originating from the preamble of Monjuin Shiigaki, it speaks of the importance of sincerity in all human endeavors. Banji-nissei is a pivotal teaching in the Spirit. Accordingly, personnel are expected to work not only to make money, but also to cultivate their character and grow into better human beings.
The Business Principles Article 1 emphasizes the importance of integrity; that is, being worthy of the trust of others.
In its first part, Article 2 speaks of the importance of working proactively, pursuing profit by quickly and appropriately responding to changes in society and not being content with the status quo. At the same time, Article 2 emphasizes the importance of harmonizing business gains with the public interest and scorns reckless or careless actions in pursuit of easy gain. While furi means easy, temporary or short-term gain, the term also implies unfair profit obtained through dishonest means.
In addition, the Spirit also includes the following principles.
Attaching Importance to Technology
Sumitomo’s original copper business centered on the nanban-buki (foreign-style) refining technique that at the time was the leading edge of smelting technology. Emphasis on using the newest technology and actively developing new technologies has been a driving force in the development of business from its very beginnings.
Discovering and nurturing superior human resources has always been the most important objective for managers, and the tradition that “people make the enterprise” remains in full force to this day.
Long-Range Planning
The spirit of Sumitomo’s business planning developed from the original copper refining operation’s view toward long-term and continuous business. realistic, long-term view of the future complemented by a wider perspective of country and society has guided managers for generations.
Mutual Prosperity, Respect for the Public Good
Sumitomo’s Director General Teigo Iba once said, “Sumitomo’s business must benefit not only itself but also the nation and society in general.” has always conducted business in harmony with the public interest based on the fundamental spirit of “gratitude toward society.”
(Established in June 1997)
Offer the very best goods and services to satisfy customer needs.
Contribute to creating a better society and environment, with a firm awareness of our social responsibility.
Maintain high corporate ethics and strive to become a company worthy of society's trust.
The Group Charter of Corporate Behavior (Enacted on September 1, 2005)
The Group Charter of Corporate Behavior guides us, from the group directors to employees, in our actions. It identifies the objectives we should pursue with strong determination and commitment, and rules we should observe in all circumstances, so that we can act out the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles.
1. Provision of Useful and Safe Products and Services
We will aim to provide useful and safe products and services that will satisfy customers in all aspects including quality and cost.
2. Development of New and Original Businesses and Products
We will aim to develop new, original, and profitable businesses and products by using our unsurpassed creativity to meet customers' demands.
3. Growth and Development of the Group through Global Business Activities
We will strive for consistent growth of the Group by consistently conducting our businesses with a global perspective and taking full advantage of the Group's dynamic business operations.
4. Contribution to Preservation of the Global Environment
We will contribute to the construction of a sustainable society, taking voluntary and active initiatives to preserve the global environment.
5. Observance of Laws and Regulations
We will observe national and international laws and regulations and always act fairly and openly.
We will promote fair, transparent, and free competition and sound trade.
7. Conduct as a Member of Society
We will contribute to creating a better society, with a firm awareness of our social responsibility as a "good corporate citizen."
We will maintain a strong stand against any force that threatens public order and safety.
As a corporate member of the international community, we will respect the culture and customs of every region of the world and contribute to the development of those regions.
9. Safe, Sound Workplace and Employees' Growth and Development
We respect the rights of all individuals and will endeavor to make our workplaces safe, sound and energetic.
We will strive to respect the personality and individuality of our employees and support their professional development and career to enable self-realization.
10. Disclosure of Relevant Information and Promotion of Communication with Society
We will aim to disclose appropriate corporate information to our various stakeholders, including shareholders.
We will also promote good communication with society through public information and hearings.Contact Us
Opened the Copper Rolling Works. (The formation of the Company)
Started production of silicon copper wires and supplied the Japanese Ministry of Communications with them.
Established Wire & Cable Works. (The foundation of the Company)
Manufactured and supplied the first Japan-made underground high-voltage (11,000 V) cables.
Incorporated Wire & Cable Works as a limited company. (The establishment of the Company)
Opened a branch office in Tokyo (now the Tokyo Head Office).
Entered into the business of construction of overhead transmission lines.
Supplied with the first Japan-made television broadcasting antennas.
Delivered the wiring harness for four-wheel vehicles for the first time in its history.
The Head Office was moved from Osaka's Konohana Ward to the present address in Chuo Ward.
Started production of electron beam irradiated wires.
Established its first overseas production facility (Siam Co., Ltd.)
Received an order for a large telecommunications network project in Nigeria.
Delivered and put into operation the world's first bi-directional fiber optic system "Hi-OVIS."
Delivered the fiber optic system for the first time in its history.
Succeeded in producing the world's-largest-class synthetic monocrystal diamonds (1.2 carats).
Electric's keyboard performer robot and electrical system of linear induction motor train won popularity in '85.
Developed a technology for producing long-length oxide high-temperature superconducting wires.
Fine Polymer, Inc. (fine polymer products) started operation.
Hardmetal Corp. (powder alloy and diamond products) started operation.
Won contract for the world's first commercial sale of high-temperature superconducting cable.
Eudyna Devices Inc. was made a wholly-owned subsidiary and changed its trade name to Device Innovations, Inc.
In this tag line, we carry the following message to society:
The Group moves forward hand-in-hand
As part of the Group’s branding strategy, this tag line briefly expresses the value and functionality that the Group provides in the course of developing towards its ideal state of a Glorious Excellent Company.
“Connect” represents our determination to contribute to the development of society by connecting society, stakeholders, and the value generated through our business activities.
“Innovation” represents our endeavor to further refine our core technologies that cover every stage of production from material engineering to manufacturing processes and our entrepreneurship to promptly respond to changes in society.
Manufacture and sales of products related to ; automotive, electronics, infocommunications, industrial materials, and environment & energy
Non-Consolidated: 5,100 (as of the end of March 2018)
Group’s products, technologies, employees’ activities etc. are also introduced in the YouTube channel.
Aiming to become a “Glorious Excellent Company”
The Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles continue to serve as Group’s management foundation as we strive to become a Glorious Excellent Company, our group’s ideal state.
2022 is our pledge to create value that contributes to social well-being by leveraging the diversity and strength of our products and technologies in the Automotive, Infocommunications, Electronics, Environment & Energy, and Industrial Materials segments. We aim to create a better society by growing three core fields (Mobility, Energy, and Communications) as well as developing new overlapping markets that generate new social needs.
Contributing to a better society by leveraging our expertise in connectivity and transmission technologies through concerted efforts of the entire group.
We can continue to make society better by connecting our group’s united efforts and leveraging the connectivity and communications technologies that have been the cornerstone of our business for 120 years since its foundation.
Enhancement and Expansion of Five Business Segments
Group continues to strive for growth in five business segments focusing on Mobility, Energy, and Communications fields as well as materials, products, and solutions supporting these fields. We aim to grow every segment by strengthening revenue bases and improving capital efficiency and to achieve a balanced business portfolio.
In the wake of dramatic changes in the automobile industry together with the renewable energy revolution and exponential growth in data usage worldwide, Group will achieve further growth by enhancing innovation building on the diversity in technologies and business expertise we have cultivated over the years, developing and offering new technologies, products, and services toward a better society.
Under the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles, which have guided us at the Group for 400 years, we unwaveringly uphold the basic policy of contributing to society through fair business activities. Since our foundation in 1897, based on wire and cable manufacturing technologies, we have conducted our original research and development and strenuously strived for the establishment of new businesses. These efforts have allowed us to create new products and new technologies, as well as diversify our business fields. Currently, we operate our businesses on a global basis in the following five segments: Automotive; Information & Communications; Electronics; Environment & Energy; and Industrial Materials.
“Glorious Excellent Company” – this is the ideal future state of the Group. While sticking to our abiding principles of the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles, we strive to secure sustainable growth and development.
With the progress of globalization, dynamic paradigm shifts are currently underway in many aspects of international society. The Group will accommodate new needs to be generated by such social changes, through the innovation and combination of our technological capabilities accumulated so far and our wide variety of products. Additionally, by so doing, we will diversify our businesses into new fields to ensure our future growth.
To transform ourselves into a “Glorious Excellent Company,” all the members of our group intend to continue our steadfast efforts to earn trust and confidence widely from not only stakeholders but also other members of society, and to contribute to the establishment of a rich society for everyone in the future.
We hope that we will continue receiving your kind support and encouragement.
For the details of “Glorious Excellent Company,” click on Glorious Excellent Company .
Under our corporate philosophy of the Spirit and the Group Corporate Principles, our group maintains its everlasting basic policy of contributing to society through our fair business practices. While adhering to this basic policy, in order to seek sustainable corporate growth and to increase corporate value over the mid-to-long term, we believe that it is critical to ensure transparency and fairness of management activities through appropriate corporate governance, as well as to draw up and implement a growth strategy using our management resources to the utmost extent, with the key word being “innovation.” We are committed to further enhancing our corporate governance in accordance with the following basic ideas.
We will develop an environment in which shareholders can exercise their rights appropriately.
We will take the interests of stakeholders, including shareholders, into consideration, and will appropriately cooperate with stakeholders.
We will emphasize the Board of Directors’ functions to make decisions on basic policy, including strategies, as well as to supervise management. We will also focus on developing a system and operating the Board of Directors to ensure the effectiveness of such functions. In respect of executive operations, we have introduced an executive officer system and a business unit system, for the purpose of clarifying authority and responsibilities, and of establishing a flexible system to execute operations in response to changes in the business environment. From a viewpoint of ensuring sound management, we commit to strengthening audits by corporate auditors and adopting a supervisory system under which independent outside corporate auditors and full-time corporate auditors work with our internal audit department and accounting auditors to ensure the lawful and proper management.
In order to contribute to sustainable growth and increase corporate value over the mid-to-long term, we will engage in constructive dialogue with shareholders to a reasonable extent.
We have established these “Corporate Governance Guidelines” setting forth our basic ideas and policy concerning corporate governance.Contact Us
“id” introduces the reader to various topics, such as our efforts to overcome challenges, ways of doing business, and historic turning points, to portray the Group’s contributions to society. To read the stories, 
introduced products and technologies from its first publication in 1977 to its final issue (vol. 474) in March 2017. You can read back issues.
Planning & Administrative Div.
Global Power Cable Project Engineering Div.
Hybrid Products Div.
Planning & Administration Dept.
Lightwave Network Products Div.
Planning & Administration Dept.
Transmission Devices Div.
Compound Semiconductor Materials Div.
Strategic Planning Div.
Sales Div. (Eastern Japan)
Sales Div. (Western Japan)
Powder Metal Products Div.
Superconductivity Technology Div.
Industrial System Sales Div.
Optoelectronic Products Sales Dept.
Mobility Electronics Sales Div.
Flexible Printed Circuits & Components Sales Dept.
Semiconductor-Electronics Sales & Marketing Dept.
R&Planning & Administration Div.
Energy and Electronics Materials Lab.
InternshipThe internal and external hotlines mentioned below accept inquiries and reports concerning compliance in the Group.
If you happen to know of any non-complying act or any suspected violation in the Group, you must report to or consult your superior, or report to the internal or external compliance hotline of your group company. The inquiry or report accepted by the external hotline will be communicated to the compliance office of the Compliance Committee (including relevant departments), and the office members and the right persons for the specific case will conduct a joint investigation and make a proper response.
Any and all information on the person making the inquiry or a report, particulars of the inquiry or report, and results of investigation or responses, will be handled only by the abovementioned parties concerned, and will not be disclosed to persons not involved in the investigation or responses.
Any employees, etc., who make an inquiry or report will never be unfavorably treated (for example: through dismissal or adverse influence on a performance review) due to the fact that they have made an inquiry or report.
You may make an inquiry or report under anonymity. In such case, however, the scope of investigation or responses by the parties concerned may be limited. Note that the results of investigation or responses cannot be communicated to you.
Refer to the following table. Toll free. Available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
State the language you speak. An interpreter will be arranged.
*Refer below for alternative hotline option
*Refer below for alternative hotline option
In the case of a country not mentioned above, you can also make collect call/reverse charge call by following the below steps:
3. Operator will dial the number and speak to an Expolink Operator who will accept the call and charges
4. Country operator connects caller to Expolink, leaves the call and then the call takes place as normal
<common to the Group> (Expolink is also available)
<common to the Group> (Expolink is also available)
<common to the Group> (Expolink is also available)
Industries, Ltd. is pleased to announce that it released its Annual Report 2018. The report includes the Company's financial results for the past fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 and progress updates on its financial goals for 2018.
To view Electric's Annual Report 2018, please visit 
Industries, Ltd. has launched pedestrian detector for driving safety support systems (DSSS) to reduce traffic accidents. This detector has robustness against variable environmental conditions owing to the use of a 24 GHz-band millimeter-wave radar technology. In addition, it features high accuracy in pedestrian detection enabled by the Company's proprietary algorithm and a wide detection area.
(shipped to five prefectural police departments in Japan, including the Osaka Prefectural Police Department)
The number of traffic fatalities has been decreasing in Japan year by year (3,694 in 2017). While elderly adults (65 and older) account for more than half of the death toll, drastic reduction has not been seen for this group. Early implementation of measures to address this is therefore a high priority.
For the purpose of contributing to reduce traffic accidents, has continued efforts to develop based on vehicle-infrastructure integration. As one of the typical subsystems/services of DSSS, prefectural police departments and automakers have cooperatively operated Right-turn Collision Prevention System/Right-turn Crossing Recognition Enhancement System. This service is enabled by a wireless roadside unit that provides information on the presence of pedestrians on the crosswalk and oncoming vehicles detected by roadside sensors to alert the driver in a vehicle turning right at an intersection by a warning of display indication and sound. In addition to wireless roadside units and vehicle detectors already launched on the market, has newly released a pedestrian detector and started shipping in March 2018. The detector has been delivered to five prefectural police departments in Japan, including the Osaka Prefectural Police Department.
Robustness against variable environmental conditions
The pedestrian detector uses a 24 GHz-band millimeter-wave radar, which is robust against variable environmental conditions such as sunshine in the day and night, as well as clear, rain and other weather conditions.
The millimeter-wave radar transmits a radio wave and receives its reflection from an object to measure the distance between itself and the object. The algorithm incorporated into the product tracks and predicts the movement of pedestrians by analyzing characteristic information conveyed by the reflected wave. This technique enables the products to detect pedestrians behind passing vehicles.
One difficult challenge for a millimeter-wave radar was to achieve incompatible tasks of covering a wide range in close proximity and extending the detectable distance. However, we have developed multiple-channel antennas and a signal processing technique that uses them, enabling a wide detection area for the detector installed on a pedestrian signal pole near the crosswalk. Thus the product detects pedestrians both in the waiting area in close proximity and those on the crosswalk, whether the crosswalk is small or large, as shown in Fig. 3. Owing to this feature, the detector can be installed in a greater variety of locations.
By offering this product, will continue to contribute to reduced traffic accidents and strive for a safer traffic environment.
Installs More Than 7,000 String Monitoring Units in 60 Solar Power Plants (capacity: 450 MW)
Industries, Ltd. is pleased to announce that it has installed more than 7,000 power line communication (PLC) string monitoring units in 60 solar power plants since their launch in 2016 (as of September 30, 2018).
With the introduction of the feed-in tariff (FIT)*1 in 2012, more and more new solar power plants are being built. However, according to a survey conducted by the Agency for Natural Resources and Energy, about 46% and 50% of solar power plant owners answered that they had experienced abnormal modules and suspended power conditioners, respectively, after commencing operation.*2
To maintain high generation capacity at solar power plants over a long period of time, it is critical to monitor the operation and detect disorders in advance. For this purpose, full-time monitoring units, particularly those that can monitor strings one by one,*3 are commonly used. In 2016, began full-scale sales of advanced string monitoring units that utilized its technology. These units use existing power lines for data communication, eliminating the need to install additional wiring, thus reducing overall installation cost by 70% (our calculation). In addition, the wired unit ensures stable data transmissions and lightning surge resistance. As a result, more than 7,000 units have been so far installed at 60 solar power plants.
Since its launch, has expanded its product lineup by adding new products, including the SMP2204 for outdoor installation and SMP2205 supporting 1500 equipment, to satisfy the requirements of owners and contractors who design and build power plants.
continues its efforts to provide more string monitoring units that are highly convenient for users.
*1:scheme under which the national government forces power companies to purchase electricity generated from renewable energy sources at a fixed price.
*2:FY2017 Basic Survey to Promote Introduction of New Energy (Survey on Popularization Trends of Maintenance and Inspection Related to Solar Power Generation), Agency for Natural Resources and Energy
String monitoring unit for retrofit solution on 1000 power plants outside Japan (to be announced in FY2018)Contact Us
Exhibits at ...
Industries, Ltd. is excited to announce that it will be exhibiting at the 29th Japan International Machine Tool Fair (JIMTOF2018) to be held at Tokyo Big Sight from November 1 to 6.
will participate in the exhibition jointly with its group company Corp. Based on the theme of "Global support, Global solutions: Leading-edge solutions connecting the world," we will showcase our global tool engineering services, new products derived from our original cutting-edge technologies and various other products used in a wide range of industries.
We are looking forward to your visit to our booth.
Industries, Ltd. has released its new core-alignment fusion splicer, T-57.
The T-57 fusion splicer is built on the foundation of the previous model,　the T-55, with many improvements added as follows:
Shorter heating time of 15 sec (reduced by 25% from that of T-55)
Larger battery capacity, for 300 cycles of splicing and heating
Better portability with smaller and lighter body (2.0 kg with battery)
Smarter user interface with higher resolution and smoother touch screen
As a Japanese manufacturer that has over 30 years of experience in the manufacturing of fusion splicers, provides highly reliable products that will contribute to the realization of a connected world.
For more details, visit the T-57 page at 
