Eco-Friendly packaging without taking a bite out of your bottom line.
provides a variety of products and services designed to help you achieve your sustainability goals Check Out Our Sustainable Solutions»
Download Five Brighter Ideas for Building a Better Package and a Better Brand.
Pigments and dispersions for coatings, inks, cosmetics, electronics and more
Inks and coatings for all printing applications, printing processes and markets
Advanced Materials for inkjet, electronics, coatings, composites and more
Have questions or comments about our products, services, safety data sheets (/ MSDS) or product data sheets (TDS)? Get in touch!
Beginning with the inspiring legacy of Lorilleux and Samuel Morrill in the early 1800’s, has delivered 200 years of color expertise, innovative technology and an ongoing commitment to quality and service for our customers. With close to 10,000 worldwide trademarks and over 3,000 granted patents in various global jurisdictions in its history, takes pride in producing solutions tailor-made to meet the individual needs of customers.
to Showcase Latest Pigment and Polymer Technology in Hall 4, Booth 4-353 at 2019 Performance Pigments Showcases Expanded Color Range can help you use a diverse palette to reach your unique world. Visitors of Chemical’s booth, located in Hall 4 Stand 4-353, will be introduced to Sun… 
PARSIPPANY, N.J., – January 24, 2019 – has launched EPICLON® 4770, a multi-functional naphthalene epoxy resin for formulators and engineers in the aerospace, transportation and electronics industry who seek to increase high temperature performance. Electronic miniaturization and increasing requirements on fiber reinforced structures in the aerospace and transportation industries continue to… 
PARSIPPANY, N.J., – January 22, 2019 – customers looking for the latest global regulations and updates regarding food contact materials will be able to download the new Winter 2019 Regulatory Newsletter at www.sunchemical.com/regulatory. The latest newsletter focuses strictly on regulatory updates of food contact materials in a variety of countries in Europe,… 
Discover how to take advantage of the wide range of products and services has developed with sustainability benefits.
Printers can find out about Chemical’s market leadership in the development and promotion of inks and coatings designed for low migration sensitive packaging applications.
In addition to its leadership in printing inks and packaging technology, is also an expert in anti-counterfeiting solutions in printing.
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.
© 2019 Back to TopPlease accept our cookies to get the best experience of our website.
Quality, Service and Innovation from the Global Leader in Inks, Coatings, Pigments and Advanced Materials
Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion. Over 20,000 employees located at 176 subsidiaries across 63 countries work every day to meet the needs of customers by improving performance on the essentials of business, such as reliable, on-time delivery and consistent product quality. tailors solutions to unique customer needs and brings new ideas and the latest technology to market.
Chemical’s unparalleled global presence allows for the delivery of local service and support that is customized to the markets it serves. Recognized as a leading source of innovation, and have 17 research and development centers that are committed to creating solutions that improve productivity, create new revenue opportunities for customers, and contribute to a more sustainable future.
is a recognized leader in printing inks, coatings and supplies for the packaging, publication, commercial, industrial, and digital markets and introduces solutions that enable marketers to better manage their brand colors, protect product integrity through improvements in packaging, and introduce security features that defend against counterfeiting.
also develops a wide range of pigments for architectural and industrial coatings, automotive coatings, cosmetics, inks and more. Combining its pigments with DIC’s polymers for the same industries can create superior benefits and value for coatings formulators.
and also produce a variety of advanced materials , including liquid compounds, solid compounds and application materials. Chemical’s liquid compounds can be developed for printed circuits and printed electronics, solar modules, digital inkjet printing, and others. Solid compounds are developed for automotive components and glossy interiors, as well as industrial, construction and other electrical components. Chemical’s application materials can include adhesives for commercial and industrial electronics, magnetic tapes for plastic cards and degasification modules for water treatment facilities.
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials.
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.Please accept our cookies to get the best experience of our website.
who can call on 200 years of innovation to inspire transformation?
Beginning with the inspiring legacy of Lorilleux and Samuel Morrill in the early 1800’s, has delivered 200 years of color expertise, innovative technology and an ongoing commitment to quality and service for our customers. With close to 10,000 worldwide trademarks and over 3,000 granted patents in various global jurisdictions in its history, takes pride in producing solutions tailor-made to meet the individual needs of customers.
Below is an interactive timeline that celebrates our long history of achievements and leadership in the industries and markets we serve. As you scroll down and learn more about our unique history, you will discover our fierce commitment to working for you through research and development that will bring customers new innovative and sustainable solutions.
One of the first commercial producers of inks is founded as Lorilleux & Cie. Lorilleux & Cie is the first specialty ink company of its kind, in a time when most printers make their own inks.
Samuel Morrill begins manufacturing printing inks in the kitchen of his Andover, Massachusetts, home.
The Morrill Company obtains the first patent on their ink-making process.
The Morrill Company begins producing carbon black from natural gas.
Located in London, the business is capitalized at 2600 £.
Located in Cincinnati, Ohio, Ault & Wiborg is a fast-growing printing inks manufacturer that quickly expands its business abroad, focusing on the market.
The Eagle Printing Ink Company develops four-color wet process inks.
The first litho press is invented
Fuchs & Lang build the first rotary tinplate lithography press. Siegle begins manufacturing pigments in Staten Island, NY.
becomes changes its name and is born. Printing inks remain its principal business.
acquires Ansbacher-Siegle and begins to create a new division, known today as Performance Pigments.
Solvent-based flexo inks are created for use on polyethylene films.
begins to manufacture quinacridone out of its Newark, New Jersey, facility, marking the company’s entry into the high-performance pigments market.
The first water-based inks are introduced for use on paper and film.
is acquired by Dainippon Ink and Chemicals (DIC). also merges with Hartmann and Kohl & Madden to form one global company.
buys the packaging and commercial inks business.
The first flexo inks are commercialized by Chemical. In the same year, acquires in Koge, Denmark, marking the company’s first step into European pigment manufacturing.
acquires a top producer of cold-set publication inks, United States Printing Inks.
Zeneca Inks is acquired
strengthens their packaging inks department in North America with the acquisition of Zeneca Specialty Inks.
Partnership with X-Rite/Pantone and Esko on Pantoneacquires Benda-Lutz.
has acquired the Metal Deco ink business of PPG
Acquires to Expand Portfolio for Plastic and Security Cards
As moves forward, we will continue our commitment to delivering quality, service and innovation to our customers. As we relentlessly seek the most inventive ways to satisfy our customers’ needs, we will strive to provide outstanding service and breakthrough, tailored solutions. With more than 176 subsidiaries worldwide and a broad breadth and depth of resources from which to draw, is prepared to help our customers take on the global challenges of tomorrow.
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.Search for:
More Locations Around the Globe than Any Other Inks, Coatings, Pigments and Advanced Materials Company
Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion. Over 20,000 employees located at 176 subsidiaries across 63 countries, employees work every day to meet the needs of customers by improving performance on the essentials of business, such as reliable, on-time delivery and consistent product quality. tailors solutions to unique customer needs and brings new ideas and the latest technology to market.
Recognized as a leading source of innovation, also has 17 research and development centers that are committed to creating solutions that improve productivity, create new revenue opportunities for customers, and contribute to a more sustainable future.
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.
© 2019 Back to TopSearch for:
An Experienced Team Dedicated to Quality, Service and Innovation
Chief Administration Officer and Senior Vice President
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Vice President, Manufacturing and Engineering
Chief Supply Chain, Quality and Business Improvement Officer
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
President, Performance Pigments and Advanced Materials
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.
© 2019 Back to TopSearch for:
Global Leader in Sustainable, Eco-Efficient Business Practices
At Chemical, we are dedicated to sustainable practices. Our policy is based on the concept of eco-efficiency as defined by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), so we strive to deliver economically competitive goods and services that satisfy our customers’ needs and bring quality of life, while progressively reducing ecological impact and resource intensity throughout the life cycle.
Learn more about our approach to eco-efficiency and the roadmap we have developed to improve sustainabilility efforts in our processes and products.
If you would like a free copy of our sustainability report, please request it here.
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.
© 2019 Back to TopSearch for:
Proven Record of Breakthroughs in Inks, Coatings and Pigment Technology
How Meets Strict Manufacturing and Environmental Standards
Recognized as a leading source of innovation, has 17 research and development centers that are committed to creating solutions that improve productivity, create new revenue opportunities for customers, and contribute to a more sustainable future.
We can tailor solutions to unique customer needs and bring new ideas and the latest technology to market, including breakthroughs in ink, coatings, and pigment technology.
With an average of two patents per month, introduces new solutions that enable marketers to better manage brand colors, protect product integrity through improvements in packaging, and introduce security features that defend against counterfeiting.
New barrier coating technology is enabling increased product shelf life and light-weighting of films used in packaging. New conductive and dielectric inks are enabling new applications in printed electronics. also creates innovations for digital printing applications, including inkjet printing systems for narrow web and corrugated printing.
Other major advances we have led the way on include:
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.
© 2019 Back to TopPlease accept our cookies to get the best experience of our website.
Chemical’s sustainability policy is based on the concept of eco-efficiency as defined by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). Eco-efficiency is achieved by the delivery of economically competitive goods and services that satisfy our customers’ needs and bring quality of life, while progressively reducing ecological impact and resources intensity throughout the life cycle.
is taking a phased approach to our sustainability effort and is using a roadmap to improve the eco-efficiency of our products and processes.
For our processes, we will:
Set improvement targets for energy and water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions, and solid waste emissions.
Measure and report these parameters, regularly, by site and by product.
For our products, we have:
structured and robust approach to product development that includes risk management and eco-efficiency improvements as key criteria.
An infrastructure for product stewardship that leads the industry.
We are challenging ourselves internally to look for ways we can improve our processes at individual sites by monitoring key metrics to understand and manage our environmental impact. We will regularly report on the following parameters:
Sunpublishes a corporate sustainability report every year, which focuses on these metrics.
is committed to an established system of values and ethical conduct in all its relationships.
We are joining collaborative projects within the supply chain to integrate life cycle thinking into our approach.
To learn more about our products and services with sustainable benefits, see Our Offerings .
Chemical, a member of the group, is a leading producer of printing inks, coatings and supplies, pigments, polymers, liquid compounds, solid compounds, and application materials. Together with DIC, has annual sales of more than $7.5 billion and over 20,000 employees supporting customers around the world.