Leading the industry with state-of-the-art technology, lighting technology is the future of lighting technology. Suncore, together with the world's largest provider, offers  lighting solutions for customers around the world.  can provide solutions from chips to fully integrated lighting systems.
Sunore’s vertical farming technology combines state-of-the-art grow lights, and years of industry knowledge, enabling farmers to grow nutritious and great tasting food for their local communities. Breaking from traditional farming methods allows us to lower water use, ensure food security, and grow great food sustainably.
Solar Combined Heat and Power (Solar CHP) systems are revolutionizing the way both hot water and electricity are produced for commercial and industrial buildings. Combining these two renewable technologies provides the most efficient and cost effective solution to provide heat and power for your needs !
Suncore, the based subsidiary of the world’s largest chip manufacture, is making energy efficiency solutions more accessible to customers around the world. Providing chips, OEM/services for light sources and fully integrated lighting systems, is a one stop shop for companies in the industry and for companies wanting top quality lighting.  
Vertical farming is changing how we feed the world.The use of Vertical Farming technology for Controlled-environment Agriculture is revolutionizing the food and farming industry. Growing local, no pesticide, healthy and fresh food has never been easier. Suncore’s technology combines state-of-the-art grow lights, and years of industry knowledge, enabling farmer to grow nutritious and great-tasting food for their local communities.
is continuing to innovate and change the world of renewable energy. The Freeform Z10 Solar Combined Heat and Power (CHP) systems, generate hot water and electricity at the same time. This amazing technological advancement is enabling commercial and industrial customers to save more money than ever before while helping the environment stay green.
is a global technology and service provider dedicated to providing innovative solutions to the energy efficiency and renewable energy markets. manages a portfolio of cutting-edge technologies in energy efficiency and renewable energy generation.
From LEDs, to solar thermal and electric solutions, supports its clients with full turnkey solutions. Suncore’s experienced team is able to finance and build projects from full city street light retrofit project through contracts (Energy Saving Performance Contract), to utility-scale solar power plants.
Assisting customer through every step of the value chain from project financing to (Engineering Procurement and Construction) is a one stop shop for all customers looking for a true Turnkey worry free approach.
Contact us today for a highly efficient source of renewable energy that provides a source for both water heating and electricity needs. We’ll explain how our products, expertise and financing can impact and improve the way your business creates and uses energy.
Built upon state-of-the-art automated manufacturing technologies, and strong research and development (R&D) capabilities, is experienced and dedicated to providing technologies that promote the use of clean and renewable energy sources, including lighting  and solar products.
Suncore’s deep roots in the solar and lighting industries have established the company as a progressive and innovative international technology company. Continued improvement and further vertical integration, from solar cell to project financing, allows to provide unique and effective energy solutions around the globe.
Suncore’s dedication to the manufacturing and commercialization of next-gen solar technology has resulted in about 100 patents for its innovative ground-mounted, utility-scale solar systems with new ground-breaking intellectual property being generated each year. Additionally, regularly acquires state-of-the-art technologies and intellectual property allowing the company to be a leader in the global solar and lighting technology industries.
In addition to manufacturing, also provides full Engineering Procurement and Construction (EPC) services as well as financing solutions. Full vertical integration as a technology provider through project development and financing solutions allows to provide exceptionally progressive and competitive energy solutions to its customers and partners worldwide.
Photovoltaics, Inc. (Suncore) was founded in 2010 and is located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. employs an experienced and knowledgeable R&engineering team covering everything from new product development to long term reliability and system monitoring. In addition to R&and engineering activities, the company also spearheads Suncore’s global sales and project development efforts providing competitive solar solutions to the world’s sunniest locations.
is owned by parent company San’an, the largest chip manufacturer in China and a major provider of chips globally. San’an is a world leader in the research and development, production of full-color, ultra-high brightness epitaxial products, chips, and multi-junction solar cells and high concentration photovoltaic products. The San’an team is composed of top talents in optoelectronic technology from the Unites States, Taiwan, Japan and mainland China, and has developed and acquired more than 200 invention patents and proprietary technologies.
2002: San’an forms a solar division for solar cell development
2010: was founded as a joint venture San’an and Emcore Corporation
2012: began production of solar modules
2012: San’an became the sole owner of 2012-2013: deployed over 150 utility scale solar projects
2013: Acquired Combined Heat & Power technology from Zenith Solar
2014: added products/service into its offering
2015: began offering ODM/service for its customers.
2016: unveiled the vertical farm research and testing laboratory in Albuquerque, New Mexico
is a global technology and service provider dedicated to providing innovative solutions to the energy efficiency and renewable energy markets. manages a portfolio of cutting-edge technologies in energy efficiency and renewable energy generation.
From LEDs, to solar thermal and electric solutions, supports its clients with full turnkey solutions. Suncore’s experienced team is able to finance and build projects from full city street light retrofit project through contracts (Energy Saving Performance Contract), to utility-scale solar power plants.
Assisting customer through every step of the value chain from project financing to (Engineering Procurement and Construction) is a one stop shop for all customers looking for a true Turnkey worry free approach.
Dr. Charlie Wang holds a Phdegree in electrical engineering from the University of New Mexico (UNM) and a Master of Science degree in optics from Changchun Institute of Optics and Fine Mechanics. He is an adjunct professor for the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Engineering at and also is an invited professor at the School of Electrical Engineering in Anhui University of Science and Technology. Wang was the R&manager at Semiconductor Laser International Corporation, then joined Emcore as a senior development engineer where he became the R&manager, engineering director, development director and general manager for Emcore China. He was the executive vice president of Emcore before he became general manager of Photovoltaic Technology Co., Ltd. in China, and of Inc. in the United States. He has been the vice chairman of the board of Photovoltaic Technology Co. Ltd. since January 2013.
Dr. James Foresi is the vice president of in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Foresi manages the technical team, which includes seven engineers focused on the research and development for renewable energy technologies. Foresi has been working in the solar field since 2007, when he joined Emcore’s solar power division. He has more than 15 years of experience in the development of optoelectronic systems, including two years as a researcher in the field of semiconductor microsystems at Sandia National Laboratories and as vice president of engineering for Clarendon Photonics. Foresi received his Phin materials science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and degrees in electrical engineering from Boston University and the University of Michigan. He proudly holds numerous patents in the fields of integrated optics and solar energy and his work has been widely published.
Michael Yates is the head of Global Sales and Strategic Development at Suncore. He is responsible for developing and executing the company’s renewable energy project development and strategic partnership goals. He sits on the international Consortium Board of Directors, which positively influences the solar industry. In 2007, he entered the solar industry as a business development manager for Emcore Corporation. Yates’ extensive international business development experience, and fluency in Spanish, were influential in the successful deployment of Emcore’s first solar projects in Spain and Europe. key player in setting up solar demonstration projects  in numerous countries and supporting the positive adoption of the technology worldwide, Yates also leads efforts to provide bare and packaged III-solar cell components to companies within the solar industry. He proudly graduated with degrees in business administration and management and Spanish from the University of Missouri-Columbia.
is a global technology and service provider dedicated to providing innovative solutions to the energy efficiency and renewable energy markets. manages a portfolio of cutting-edge technologies in energy efficiency and renewable energy generation.
From LEDs, to solar thermal and electric solutions, supports its clients with full turnkey solutions. Suncore’s experienced team is able to finance and build projects from full city street light retrofit project through contracts (Energy Saving Performance Contract), to utility-scale solar power plants.
Assisting customer through every step of the value chain from project financing to (Engineering Procurement and Construction) is a one stop shop for all customers looking for a true Turnkey worry free approach.
Solar How It Works
Suncore’s media relations team interacts with local, national and international media outlets, and business partners, to provide the most up-to-date LED, vertical farming and solar technology information.
Please join us in 2017 in Shenzhen China on July 23-29.  See you at booth T17 and T18....
As a vertical farming technology provider, proudly announces to be the gold sponsor of the 5th Indoor Ag-Con...
San’an Opto announced during first half of 2016, the company revenue was up 21.25% to reach 2.78 billion...
Three competing lighting technologies Market rumors that iPhone will be fully converting to displays by 2018 propelled...
Four market keywords Cross-industry The list of companies on China’s over-the-counter market list has grown significantly, acquisitions are broadening...
Berkley Lab: Solar-Lights Could Create 2Jobs in Developing World
Many households in impoverished regions around the world are starting to shift away from inefficient and polluting fuel-based lighting—such...
India headed for top slot in global bulb market
DELHI: India is poised to emerge as the largest market for lighting systems based on LEDs (light-emitting diodes),...
Extension: The Force Was Certainly With Solar Today
is a global technology and service provider dedicated to providing innovative solutions to the energy efficiency and renewable energy markets. manages a portfolio of cutting-edge technologies in energy efficiency and renewable energy generation.  
From LEDs, to solar thermal and electric solutions, supports its clients with full turnkey solutions. Suncore’s experienced team is able to finance and build projects from full city street light retrofit project through contracts (Energy Saving Performance Contract), to utility-scale solar power plants.
Assisting customer through every step of the value chain from project financing to (Engineering Procurement and Construction) is a one stop shop for all customers looking for a true Turnkey worry free approach.
Solar How It Works
Want to know more?  Contact us today!
