At the center of Fuels’ cellulosic advanced bioproduction is its proprietary, ultrahigh-temperature bioreforming system in which biomass is rapidly converted to renewable synthesis gas.  This synthesis gas is then converted to bio-based gasoline, diesel, aviation or renewable chemicals.
Our proprietary technology gets the highest energy yield from any plant material. Potential biomass sources include woody biomass, agriculture waste (including bagasse, rubber tree and palm residues) and energy crops, such as switchgrass, elephant grasses, and miscanthus.
Renewable Advanced BioOur integration of commercially-established and proprietary technologies positions as the first mass-volume producer of “green gasoline,” fully compatible with today’s combustion engines and infrastructure.
December 2015 begins commissioning and operation of its Integrated BioReforming Demonstration Facility (IBDF) at the company’s headquarters in Longmont, Colorado.
March 2015 receives approval for Part 1 of its application for a Department of Energy (DOE) loan guarantee.  If ultimately approved the guarantee will provide financing to build the company’s first commercial plant, located near Alexandria, Louisiana.  Once completed and full operational, the facility will represent the single largest bio-gasoline production plant in the world.
January 2015 begins expansion of its advanced R&laboratory and simulation facility at its Longmont, Colorado headquarters, including a new fully integrated pilot plant system. The facility is capable of testing a wide variety of feedstocks from around the world.
August 2014 begins testing of its high-temperature BioReforming Reactor at its newly constructed testing facilities at the Energy and Environmental Resource Center (EERC) in North Dakota.  
April 2014 expands plans to build bioplants globally, with focus on Asia and North America. Perry Smith joins the company as and Managing Director for the Asia Pacific, bringing 40 years of senior-level experience with multinational Asian corporations.
March 2014 | President and Dr. Wayne Simmons is re-elected as Board Chairman of the Advanced BioAssociation (ABFA), an influential industry coalition working to advance America’s transformation to a low-carbon economy.
June 2013 |begins engineering of a new process unit for large-scale demonstration of its high-temperature BioReforming Reactor at the Energy and Enviromental Resource Center(EERC) in North Dakota.
March 2013 | President and CEO, Dr. Wayne Simmons is named Board Chairman of the Advanced BioAssociation (ABFA).  
February 2013 | acquires 1,213 acres off Interstate 49 northwest of Alexandria in Boyce, Louisiana for the company’s inaugural facility.  When operational, the plant will produce 15,000 barrels per day, marking the first phase in Fuels’ path toward becoming a large-scale provider of renewable, drop-in biogasoline.
December 2012 | purchases the 27.5-acre property, formerly known as “Cowboy Town,” adjacent to its future Louisiana biogasoline production facility, which will be used for the company’s regional headquarters, a new research laboratory and a biomass feedstock warehouse facility.
November 2011 | Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal joins in announcing the selection of a site near Alexandria, Louisiana for the company’s first planned production facility.
July 2011 | announces a $155 million strategic investment by Chesapeake Energy Company and an additional $20 million investment from Oak Investment Partners.
September 2009 | begins operation of its first large-scale pilot plant, processing up to 1 ton of biomass per day.
About Privately-held is a globally-focused bio-based fuel and chemicals company, with headquarters in Longmont, Colorado.  The company is building what will be the world’s single-largest biogasoline production facility, located near Alexandria, Louisiana. 
Fuels’ inaugural plant will incorporate its proprietary high-temperature BioReforming Reactor system, which transforms cellulosic biomass from almost any type of plant material into affordable, renewable for immediate use in today’s automobiles, diesel engines and aircraft. The technology is also well-suited for the production of bio-based chemicals, from biomass alone and with natural gas or other carbon feedstocks.
In a world where it is increasingly critical to combine fuel supply security, economic stability and environmental stewardship, provides an elegant and commercially viable solution that is as timely as it is innovative.
Formed in 2008, is backed by its strategic partner, Chesapeake Energy Corp., and by two of the world’s premier venture capital groups, Oak Investment Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. 
The company has assembled a committed team of industry leaders with proven, experienced senior executives and engineers from Exxon, Sasol, Eastman Chemicals, ConocoPhillips, Sonoco and many other of the world’s leading energy and technology companies.
Incorporating its unique facility design, Fuels’ first “greenfield” biorefinery in Lousiana will produce more than 225 million gallons (more than 675,000 tonnes) of 87-octane biogasoline.
Future full-scale biorefineries will also annually produce more than 200 million gallons (more than 600,000 tonnes) of fuel that is fully compatible with fuel industry quality standards and available at an unsubsidized cost of about $2 per gallon (~$0.53 per liter). For emerging global markets, the scalability of the process allows for smaller, efficient facilities as required to match local feedstock conditions.
As importantly, the bioproduction path significantly reduces greenhouse gas emissions as compared to conventional petroleum processes.
Every gallon of drop-in cellulosic advanced biofuel – or biogasoline – has been produced with at least 60% less life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions as compared to petroleum fuel.  As such, the biogasoline will generate credits under the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). Internationally, this also enables to comply with important local clean energy and fuel standards.
		Significant backing for comes from its strategic partner, Chesapeake Energy Corp., and two of the world’s premier venture groups, Oak Investment Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers.		
		is led by recognized, highly accomplished industry veterans from the energy, chemical, pulp & paper, manufacturing and technology fields.		
Pictured: Senator Mark Udall talks with Wayne Simmons and site manager Richard Ridley during a visit to the company's former research and development facility in Broomfield, Colorado.
connects biomass with the best resources
There is ample high-quality biomass feedstock available worldwide to supply the biorefineries with renewable material to produce billions of gallons of drop-in bioor chemicals per year. Our flexibility in energy source and biomass type allows to economically and efficiently locate plants in most areas of the world.
Importantly, we do not use food-based feedstock, rely on cutting down old growthforests, or divert agricultural land to grow feedstocks for our process. The solution focuses on feedstocks from current commercial sources such as plantation timber and residues from agricultural harvesting.
Dr. Wayne Simmons has served as our President & CEO, and Director since 2009. Dr. Simmons is responsible for Fuels’ strategic direction and drives our company’s financing, partnership formation and commercialization activities. He brings to more than 30 years of experience in the energy, chemical and environmental industries. Prior to joining the company, Dr. Simmons was founder and of Velocys, Inc., a microchannel chemical process technology company that merged with a publicly traded company in 2008. He previously served as of Technology at Battelle Memorial Institute where he was responsible for technology and process licensing in the chemical industry. Dr. Simmons spent much of his early career in various management and engineering positions at ExxonMobil.  
Dr. Simmons currently serves as the Chairman of the Board for the Advanced BioAssociation, the leading industry advocacy group for advanced biodevelopment.
Dr. Simmons received his Bachelor of Science in Engineering from Texas A&University, an in Engineering from the California Institute of Technology and a Phin Engineering from the University of Wisconsin. He also completed the Executive Management Program at the University of Michigan Business School.
Mr. Jay Corn serves as of where he brings more than 30 years of capital markets, corporate finance, financial reporting, and M&experience in the energy industry.   Mr. Corn’s industry experience includes capital intensive energy businesses with E&P, midstream and wholesale energy marketing operations as well as businesses focused on the development of clean energy technologies.  
Prior to joining Fuels, Mr. Corn served as Vice President of Finance and Corporate Development for New Jersey Resources Corporation, a Fortune 1000 energy services company traded on the  While at NJR, Mr. Corn managed the capital markets, financial reporting and M&programs for NJR’s unregulated business units including its E&P, interstate pipelines, natural gas storage and clean energy businesses.  For the past 15 years, Mr. Corn has served as for a variety of privately-held energy services businesses where he was responsible for all corporate finance, private equity financings, M&programs, financial reporting and risk management operations.  Mr. Corn began his career in public accounting at Arthur Andersen & Co where he specialized in energy taxation. 
Mr. Corn graduated from Abilene Christian University with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and earned his designation as a Certified Public Accountant one year later.  Mr. Corn has served on the Boards of Directors of Iroquois Gas Transmission System, Market Hub Partners, kWantera, Inc. and the American Gas Finance Company.
Mr. Renus Kelfkens is a recognized industry veteran who brings to an extensive international background in energy, petrochemicals and synproduction. Before joining Fuels, he served as SVP, Engineering at Greatpoint Energy, a leading clean-coal company, where he spearheaded the development of its innovative catalytic hydromethananation technology in its pilot plant located at the facilities of Gas Technologies Institute. Mr. Kelfkens further lead its efforts to design and engineer Greatpoint Energy’s first American Bluegas™ plant and drive its project development initiatives in China.               
Over the course of 25 years, Mr. Kelfkens held a number engineering and management positions within the Sasol Group of Companies. He directed licensing operations for Sasol Technology’s new coal-to-liquids organization in Houston until 2007, and previously was Engineering Manager at Sasol Chemical North America’s seven-unit chemical complex at Lake Charles, Louisiana. Before that he served as Manager of Operations Profitability Improvement for Sasol’s operations in Secunda, South Africa.
Mr. Kelfkens holds a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering degree from the University of Pretoria in South Africa and Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of South Africa. He has participated in the Gibbs Business Leadership Program and Executive Development Program.
Mr. Keith Gockenbach brings to more than 30 years of experience in the chemicals and bioindustries, specializing in operations, plant startup, process development and business development. 
Previously, Mr. Gockenbach was of Peridot Energy, LLC, where he led the development of technologies for converting biomass to energy, and chemicals. He spent 27 years at Eastman Chemicals Company, where he held various senior management positions, including VP/of Performance Chemicals and Intermediates, VP/of Developing Businesses, of Manufacturing in Latin America and Superintendent of Cellulose Esters Manufacturing. He also served as Chief Startup Engineer of the gasification section of Eastman’s award-winning chemicals-from-coal production facility in Kingsport,
Mr. Gockenbach received his Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Clemson University and an from the Sloan School of Management at MIT.
Mr. Doug Jack brings over 35 years of experience in technology development and commercial application in the petroleum and chemical industries. Mr. Jack has an extensive background in energy-related technologies ranging from refining and natural gas processes to the alternate energy field, including coal gasification, coal liquefaction, bioand shale oil processing. 
Prior to joining Sundrop, Mr. Jack was of Technology for Eltron Research & Development. He was Manager of ConocoPhillips’s gas-to-liquids technology effort, responsible for all R&D, including the 400 demonstration plant design, construction and operation; business development support; intellectual property management; and commercial plant process design and operations planning.  He also served as Director of Refining Technology at Conoco, leading the development, acquisition and implementation of technology in support of Conoco’s worldwide refining operations. Mr. Jack led the development of DuPont’s Transport Bed Reactor system for the production of maleic anhydride and also worked at Exxon in their Energy Chemicals business where he led groups in both technology development and in manufacturing. 
Mr. Jack holds Bachelor of Science degrees in both Chemical Engineering and Chemistry from Penn State. He has been an active member of both the American Institute of Chemical Engineers and the American Chemical Society throughout his career. He is an inventor or co-inventor on 16 patents. 
Perry Smith brings to over 40 years of experience in successfully growing Asia Pacific operations. Prior to joining the company, he has been fostering strategic investments and relationships in China and the region for gasification, biomass and bioas Asia Managing Director for GreatPoint Energy and for Coskata, Inc., a company founded by GreatPoint Ventures. 
Born and raised in Asia, he has held senior leadership positions for major multinationals- as Corporate Officer and Managing Director/ Asia Pacific for Sonoco- a global paper and packaging company and the Asia Pacific industrial products head for Gore & Associates- a world leader in materials innovation- such as Gore-Tex®. His early career was in the automotive and defense industries. He has established region headquarters offices in Singapore and Shanghai as well as production facilities and joint ventures from Japan to India.
Perry Smith received his Bachelor of Arts in Public and International Affairs from The George Washington University and a Masters Degree from The Thunderbird School of Global Management. 
