is changing the way our world is powered
My electricity bill is over $75 per month 
By clicking "Get a free quote," agree that or its authorized dealers can call or text me via automated technology and/or pre-recorded messages at the phone number provided, even if am on a national or state "Do Not Call" list. understand that do not need to consent to being contacted in order to make a purchase. Please see our 
Our hearts go out to the families and communities affected by these devastating wildfires. 
is committed to helping those in need throughout the rebuilding process—and invite you to do the same with a donation to the Red Cross.
For questions or support about your system, please contact 
The only all-in-one, complete home solar system.
The world's first fully-integrated commercial solar platform.
The most reliable technology that lowers your cost of energy.
Leading the industry in solar durability
From the air, sea and polar icecap to your roof. See how is pushing the boundaries of solar for your home, business and power plants.
Record-breaking solar systems for your home, business or organization
delivers the most advanced solar systems, custom financing and progressive sustainability practices. And our fully-integrated design approach to solar systems, battery storage and energy monitoring software makes our unique solar solutions a sound investment with greater peace of mind. 
For commercial and power plants
is changing the way our world is powered
Over Three Decades of Solar Leadership
Since 1985, has been leading global solar innovation. 
 consistently deliver more energy and long-term peace of mind with the highest performing solar power systems available. is the solar energy choice of more homeowners and businesses around the world.
Global headquarters based in Silicon Valley since 1985
Total solar energy generated >18,000,000 megawatt hour (MWh)
Diversified global portfolio leading residential, commercial and utility solar energy markets
More than 750 patents for solar technology
window.$ = jQueryhas been developing record-breaking solar technology since the 1970s. Our history over these decades has been marked by creativity, craftsmanship – and confidence.
Our record of solar innovation began nearly four decades ago, when our co-founder, Dr. Richard Swanson, was pondering ways to deal with the oil crisis. At that time, solar cells were being used on satellites, a concept he found intriguing. His engineering challenge was to figure out how to make the cells more cost-effective. So he began a quest that, almost 40 years later, has helped position as a leader in residential, commercial and utility-scale solar power production.
By 1985, Dr. Swanson (who by then was a professor of electrical engineering at Stanford) had been awarded grants from the Electric Power Research Institute and the Department of Energy to support his solar power explorations. With the help of these funds – as well as financial support from two venture capital firms – was officially incorporated in April 1985.
In the 1990s, received initial funding from Associate Venture Investors and Technology Funding and an R&contract from and solar technology was used to power some of the most innovative applications for solar power race cars and airplanes.
receives initial funding from Associate Venture Investors and an R&contract from and the Department of Energy.
all-back contact, high efficiency solar cells power a Honda car to victory in a car race across Australia, beating second place winner by one full day.
high efficiency solar cells power NASA's Pathfinder, an unmanned, remotely piloted, solar-power, high altitude aircraft.
This decade was filled with many accomplishments and milestones for SunPower. The company became publicly listed on the with Tom Werner taking the company to new levels. set new world records in solar cell efficiency.
recruits Tom Werner as CEO, to take the company to the next level.
Our first manufacturing facility (Fab 1) comes online in the Philippines and the company's first utility-scale power plant comes online in Bavaria.
successful Initial Public Offering fuels new growth and a solidified position in the solar market.
begins volume production of its record breaking high efficiency solar cell, averaging 22.4% conversion efficiency. acquires PowerLight, resulting in a vertically integrated company serving the residential, commercial and utility-scale power plant markets. second manufacturing facility (Fab 2) with 330 capacity rating on 10 lines, comes online in the Philippines.
President Obama dedicates a 25 solar power plant system at Florida Power & Light's Desoto installation. PlanetSolar chooses high-efficiency solar cells to power the world's largest solar catamaran.
This decade was filled with many accomplishments and milestones for SunPower. The company became publicly listed on the with Tom Werner taking the company to new levels. set new world records in solar cell efficiency.
Total and partner to create a new global leader in the solar industry. SunPower® Maxeon™ solar cell technology powers Solar Impulse, a prototype solar airplane, that for the first time in aviation history succeeds in flying for 26 consecutive hours powered only by solar energy. launches the C7 Tracker which concentrates the sun's power seven times to achieve the lowest levelized cost of electricity (LCOE) for utility-scale solar power plants.
Solar Impulse, the solar-powered airplane powered by solar cells, successfully flies across America. and Bancorp team up to offer "Zero-Down" financing and direct-from-manufacturer performance guarantee. announces acquisition of Greenbotics, Inc. to offer robotic solar panel cleaning products and services for large-scale solar power plants.
achieves production milestone, manufacturing its one-billionth solar cell. solar panels awarded Cradle to Cradle Certification for sustainable manufacturing processes. The first and only solar company to achieve this recognition. acquires SolarBridge Technologies, Inc., for high performance microinverter technology that offers system design flexibility and lower cost of installation. invests in integrated technology solutions to help customers manage their cost of energy, reinforcing the company's evolution to offering Smart Energy solutions for its residential, commercial and utility customers.
First Solar and announce public filing of registration statement for proposed initial public offering of a YieldCo. celebrates its 30th anniversary.Jump to navigation
is changing the way our world is powered
How may we help you today?
Solar Solutions for Business and Government
Solar Solutions for Power Plants
Tom Werner serves as SunPower’s and chairman of the board of directors.  Prior to joining SunPower, he held the position of chief executive officer of Silicon Light Machines, Inc., an optical solutions subsidiary of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation.  Previously, Werner was vice president and general manager of the Business Connectivity Group of 3Com Corp., a network solutions company, and has also held a number of executive management positions at Oak Industries, Inc., and General Electric Co.  He currently serves as a board member of Cree, Inc., Silicon Valley Leadership Group, and is a member of the Marquette University board of trustees.  Werner holds a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from the University of Wisconsin, Madison, a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from Marquette University and a master's degree in business administration from George Washington University.
Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Business Development
Peter Aschenbrenner serves as executive vice president of corporate strategy and business development, responsible for driving the company’s strategy, mergers and acquisition and business activities.  Previously, he was the company’s vice president of marketing and sales, where he established the brand and oversaw development of the industry’s first dealer network program.  Prior to joining SunPower, Aschenbrenner served as senior vice president of global operations at AstroPower, Inc., a solar product manufacturing company.  He has more than 35 years of solar industry experience, including management positions at Siemens Solar, Electric GmbH, and Solar.  Aschenbrenner graduated from Stanford University in 1978 with a bachelor’s of arts degree in product design.
Manavendra (Manu) Sial serves as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) for Corp., where he leads the company's treasury, project finance, investor relations, financial planning and accounting organizations. Previously, he served as for VECTRA, a $1 billion technology-driven diversified industry business, which was a portfolio company of certain funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Prior to VECTRA, Sial was with SunEdison in various global finance and operations leadership roles from 2011 to 2015, including of MEMC's solar energy and materials divisions. He also spent 11 years with General Electric (GE) in a variety of roles, from FP&leader for the Energy Services unit to of Power Delivery for GE's Transmission and Distribution group. He earned his from Duke University's Fuqua School of Business and his Bachelor of Commerce from Delhi University in India.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Ken Mahaffey is executive vice president and general counsel for with responsibility for the company’s global legal organization. He is an accomplished executive with more than 20 years’ legal experience. Mahaffey joined in 2006 as a founding member of SunPower's Legal Department. During his tenure, Mahaffey has managed attorneys and professionals around the globe who handle all legal, contract, regulatory and compliance matters in support of the Company’s three core business segments. He has also provided lead support for SunPower’s corporate functions, including finance, M&A, marketing, policy and communication. Mahaffey has deep expertise in renewable energy law, finance, corporate governance and compliance matters. Before joining SunPower, he worked as an attorney in private practice managing a variety of commercial and litigation matters. Mahaffey has a Bachelor of Arts degree from University of California, San Diego, and a Juris Doctor degree from McGeorge School of Law, University of the Pacific.
Dr. Bill Mulligan is responsible for leading SunPower’s global operations, worldwide materials sourcing along with cell and module research and development. Mulligan originally joined in 1998 and worked for more than 12 years as vice president of research and development, where he led the development of SunPower’s cell technology and the world’s highest efficiency commercial solar panel. He left in 2010, but returned four years later with the company’s acquisition of SolarBridge, where he was serving as president and Most recently he was SunPower’s vice president of upstream strategy. Mulligan has more than 30 years of solar and microelectronics industry experience, and prior to served in various engineering and management positions at Crystals, Inc., the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, AstroPower, and Fairchild/National Semiconductor. Mulligan received dual undergraduate degrees in chemistry and history from the University of Washington, a master’s of science in chemical engineering from the University of Michigan and his doctorate in materials science from the Colorado School of Mines. He holds 10 patents and is the author of more than 30 publications related to solar energy.
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Commercial Solar
Nam Nguyen is executive vice president at responsible for sales, development, marketing, and execution of SunPower’s commercial business through both direct and indirect channels. Most recently, Nguyen oversaw SunPower’s power plant business in Latin America, driving approximately one gigawatt of contracted pipeline and $1.5 billion in revenues. She joined in August 2013 as vice president of strategy and new market development. Previously, Nguyen was vice president of global business development at First Solar where she developed and financed approximately four of project assets, including raising $8 billion of financing. Prior to First Solar, Nguyen was responsible for corporate development at OptiSolar, where she raised $300 million in venture funding and eventually led the sale of OptiSolar to First Solar. Nguyen spent five years in investment banking focused on corporate finance and M&Nguyen has a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics from Columbia University, a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard University, and was a Fulbright Scholar.
Douglas Richards serves as SunPower’s executive vice president, administration. In this role, he is responsible for leading all Human Resources (HR) initiatives, Information Technology (IT), global corporate communications, Environment, Health, Safety and Security services and the company’s facilities organizations worldwide. Prior to joining SunPower, Richards was vice president of human resources and administration for SelectBuild, a $1.8 billion wholly owned subsidiary of BMHC, a company that serves 19 of the top 25 high-volume builders. Previously, he held strategic positions at BlueArc, Compaq Computer Corp and Apple Computer, Inc. Richards has more than 21 years of experience developing and driving key programs for Fortune 100 companies and venture-backed startups. He graduated from California State University, Chico, with a Bachelor of Arts in public administration.
Norm Taffe serves as SunPower’s executive vice president, North America Residential. He is responsible for leading the residential business, managing sales, marketing, engineering and financial product development. Prior to joining SunPower, Taffe spent 23 years at Cypress Semiconductor in a wide range of roles. His last seven years there were spent as executive vice president of the Consumer and Computation division, managing more than 350 employees and $400in revenue. In addition to his work at SunPower, Taffe is a board member of two public semiconductor companies, Integrated Device Technology and Group. He is also a board member of the nonprofit Second Harvest Foodbank of Santa Clara County. Taffe holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the University of Michigan, and he completed the Program for Management Development at Harvard University.
Vice President, Corporate Controller, and Principal Accounting Officer
Vidul Prakash serves as vice president and chief accounting officer for SunPower, where he leads the company’s accounting, tax, shared services, and operations finance functions. Previously, he was division chief financial officer for the company’s upstream business responsible for financial planning and analysis, cost reduction, working capital improvement, capital investments, treasury, and corporate development initiatives. He also served as the company’s vice president and controller for the Asia region and director of internal audit. Earlier in his career, he held financial advisory positions at and Deloitte, finance leadership positions at Honeywell, and worked at two technology startups. Vidul serves as an advisory board member at Columbia University’s Deming Center for Quality, Productivity and Competitiveness, represented investments on boards of joint ventures and startups, and is a member of FEI, Silicon Valley Chapter. He earned his Master of Business Administration in finance and accounting from Columbia University, and his Bachelor of Science in chemical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology.Our progress toward building a circular economy
It's true that all solar produces clean energy, but doesn't stop there. We raise the bar for environmental and social sustainability through our "Beneficial by Design" philosophy that aims to be a regenerative force on the environment and society. From our E-Series and X-Series Direct Current (DC) panels that have achieved Cradle to Cradle Certified™ Silver recognition, to our Light on Land® program, we are proud to lead the industry in environmental stewardship.
Our "Beneficial by Design" Philosophy
has a closed-loop sustainability strategy that drives our business practices at every stage of our product lifecycle and beyond, extending to our employees and communities around the world.
is the world’s first solar company to earn the prestigious Cradle to Cradle CertifiedSilver designation for our E-Series and X-Series direct current (DC) panels manufactured in our facilities in Mexico, France and the Philippines for our environmental stewardship and sustainable manufacturing practices within the facilities.
Building solar and regenerating land
SunPower's Light on Land® program was created for our solar power plant development projects where we build on disturbed lands, restore native habitats, minimize disruptions, and act as good neighbors to the surrounding communities.
Our facilities in Mexico and France have earned the solar industry’s first landfill-free verifications from Sustainability. Take a peek inside our landfill-free plant in Mexicali, Mexico, to see how we do it.
helps builders and businesses earn additional points because our E-Series and X-Series panels are Cradle to Cradle Certified™ Silver, and our packaging materials are recyclable or reusable, reducing construction waste.
Our Product Discount Program enables universities and qualified organizations to purchase products at a significant discount for educational purposes and community-related projects.
We sponsor 3(Solar Service Station), a social business which provides rechargeable solar lanterns, training and livelihoods to underserved communities in the Philippines. Individuals not only have safe and reliable lighting, but also jobs managing the station and lantern rentals.
We partner with We Care Solar to provide science and technology education while building solar suitcases that are donated to schools, orphanages, and relief camps who need reliable electricity.
We are honored to be recognized for our work to power a more sustainable future.
Environmental Leader named SunPower’s Cradle to Cradle CertifiedSilver X-series and E-series panels 2016 Environmental Leader Product of the Year.
The Patent and Trademarks Office (USPTO) recognizes the use of patented technology for social good. received the Patents for Humanity award in 2015 for its contributions to the 3Project.
earned the #1 ranking and highest score ever in Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition’s 2015 Solar Scorecard.
This award from leading publisher The Guardian recognizes innovation in sustainable business practices.
We’re proud to be the only solar company recognized as one of Green Builder’s 2015 Eco-Leaders.
strives for transparency and a high level of accountability in our sustainability policies and practices. View a comprehensive list of our certifications, and policies on conflict minerals, EHS, Takeback, reuse and recycling.