is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization dedicated to improving energy and water access in the developing world through our technology. Get 30% more energy and filtered water with our revolutionary solar trackers.
What is the SunSaluter?
The is a solar panel rotator designed for the developing world. Using only the power of gravity with a water clock, the enables a solar panel to passively follow the sun throughout the day, boosting energy output by 30% and producing four liters of clean drinking water. It is 30 times less expensive than conventional motorized solar panel rotators, much more reliable, and consumes no electricity itself.
Learn more about the ways that solar and are changing the lives of users all around the world.
Help us bring effective electricity to those in need. Donate to SunSaluter.
With your contribution, we can continue to execute our organization’s vision of creating opportunities to empower local innovators with our technology all around the world. Our efforts to spread to 19 countries and counting would not be possible without your generosity.About
is a 501(c)3 charitable organization which started as our founder Eden's high school science project, and grew into an award-winning technology used and featured around the world.  
is social and environmental justice through a world with universal access to clean, convenient, and affordable energy and water.
 is accelerating access to clean energy and water by matching partners with high impact solar tracking and water filtration technologies.
We Believe In...
Treating everyone we work with dignity and respect.
We Believe In...
We Believe In...
We Believe In...
Creating opportunities through a decent standard of living.
SunSaluter's international team is compromised of passionate and dedicated members hailing from India, Canada, the United States, Barbados and more!
Victoria Alleyne loves growing social good, as the of Catalystsand Chair  of Career Skills Incubator. Her passions include: renewable energy (as former renewable energy project manager at Group), socially responsible investment (through analyzing data for Sustainalytics), youth social entrepreneurship (as a mentor for Online courses), and impact measurement (as founder of Full Footprint, an environmental impact metric). Victoria is a graduate of Environment & Business at the University of Waterloo.
Founder & Chair of the Board 
Eden is a software/mechanical engineer. Named one of the 30 under 30 in Forbes’ Energy category three years in a row, one of the Chamber of Commerce’s Champions and Ashoka’s Youth Social Entrepreneur of the Year, Eden was a member of the Thiel Fellowship’s inaugural class. While working in Product Management at Palantir Technologies and Butterfly Network, Eden led the development of new software products that span the energy, healthcare and government sectors. Proudly Canadian, she studied Mechanical Engineering and Computer Science at Princeton University. 
Rachel is Director of Business Development at OpenDataSoft. Previously, she worked in consulting and economic development in New York, Pretoria/Johannesburg, Geneva, and Beijing. Rachel earned her in Economics and Healthcare Markets and Finance at the University of Pennsylvania and at Harvard Kennedy School studying international relations.
Phil works at the World Bank on climate change and development in the least developed economies. Phil has a Phfrom the program in Science, Technology & Environmental Policy at Princeton University, working on climate and energy policy, development politics, and China. Phil was a research scholar at the Centre for Policy Research in New Delhi, India in 2015. From 2009-2011, Phil studied south-south cooperation as a Chinese Government Scholar in Shanghai. mechanical engineer by background, Phil has been an intern with the Natural Resources Defense Council’s Beijing office, the Environment Program in Nairobi, the Joint Global Change Research Institute in Maryland, and the Department of the Treasury’s office of Environment and Energy in Washington, DC.
Shiuh-Wuu (Victor) Liu is a data-driven problem solver and environmentally-minded thought leader interested in environmental justice and clean energy access. He is a licensed Professional Engineer with a in Structural Engineering from the University of California, San Diego and an International Business from National Sun Yat-sen University. Professionally, he has worked at Enphase Energy, Langson Energy, Datameer and IBM.
Janmejay is a graduate of the University of Odisha. Growing up in a community where agriculture, poverty, violence against women and access to education are big issues, Janmejay is passionate about working to protect vulnerable communities. He previously worked as a Programme Associate for the CCA-(Climate Change Adaption and Disaster Risk Reduction) project of the European Union. Janmejay is dedicated to enhancing the capacity and livelihoods of farmers and women through his leadership.
Sambit Sasmal holds an in Finance and Marketing from the Institute of Advanced Management and Research in Delhi. He began his career promoting the rights of women and children in India with the National Human Rights Foundation and He was the first Indian selected by the European Volunteer Service and helped disadvantaged immigrant families in Palermo, Italy. Since then has dedicated himself to protecting vulnerable communities. Sambit communicates with partners, coordinates projects, and makes sure our on-the-ground programs are successful.
Andie Goh is a Vice President in the Structured Investments Group at Ares Management, a publicly traded alternative asset manager with approximately $100 billion in assets under management. Prior to Ares, Andie held various sell-side roles at and Credit Suisse. Andie holds a Bachelor's in Finance from Stern and a Master's in Mathematics from Columbia University.
Dr. Ambika Prasad Nanda is a post graduate in Economics and did his doctoral studies at J.N.U., New Delhi, India. He has worked with international NGOs on the issues of education, land rights, sustainable livelihoods, climate change and disaster management. He has been a Member of the State Planning Board, Government of Odisha. He has also been the head of for Odisha and Jharkhand. Currently he is the head of Corporate Social Responsibility at Tata Steel in Odisha, facilitating sustainable development through community participation in an inclusive manner.
Saroj Nayak is currently professor and head of School of Basic Sciences at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bhubaneswar, India. Nayak joined from a tenured position at Rensselaer. Dr. Nayak was a Princeton Materials Institute Jr. Fellow at Princeton University. His research interests lie at the interface of physics, chemistry and engineering, on the study of atomic and electronic structures of matters using ab initio electronic structure calculation and molecular dynamics simulations. Nayak cofounded Kalinga Renewable Energy Manufacturers (KARMA) that focuses on solar technology.
While SunSaluters are around the world, India has been the heart, soul and proving ground. We support and have a special relationship with our partners in India, especially in the state of Odisha.
In addition to working with partners to install SunSaluters, as well as constantly improving product design and delivery, our volunteers lead workshops and speak across the region about the benefits of solar. We're proud that people are using cleaner electricity and have cleaner water as a direct result of our work, in addition to better access to education and income opportunities.
exists today because of the ideas, passion and time that the following individuals have contributed over the years:
Help us bring effective electricity to those in need. Donate to SunSaluter.
With your contribution, we can continue to execute our organization’s vision of creating opportunities to empower local innovators with our technology all around the world. Our efforts to spread to 19 countries and counting would not be possible without your generosity.
© 2019, RESERVED.Humans of While spreading SunSaluter's numerous deployments spanning the globe over the last few years, our team has met many incredible people who use solar in different ways to lead their lives. Here are a few of their stories:
is helping Chandana's resolve to become a civil engineer, making getting home safer, more time for studying, and cleaner water for her family. 
People who previously wouldn't speak to Balaram due to being part of the "untouchable" caste began to respect him and his new knowledge of solar. He now makes income from installing SunSaluters.
More than 1,100 community members in these Haryana state communities have adopted the technology to improve their quality of life.
"We have stopped using kerosene lamps. am so inspired to share this story with my friends and during town hall meetings."
"The water is disinfected and we can consume at least 7 litres per day. This technology is so easy and simple. My friend and are responsible for monitoring it in our community."
Local community members are discovering how the technology can be adapted for their needs.
Help spread the Sun!
Build a SunSaluter, spread the word, or donate as we hope to impact more stories
