supports its customer base in America, Asia, and Europe with Regional Engineering Services, a Technical Engineering Sales Staff as well as a staff of Design and Quality Engineers. Our Mission is to provide our customers with a selection of catalog products as well as custom solutions, engineered to meet our Customers' specific performance and cost needs while ensuring the industry's highest level of quality.
has a long-standing commitment to quality. It is a characteristic held to the highest standard at all locations from Design to Production. To meet this objective, we strive to produce an environment of continuous improvement to ensure the highest level of service, performance in design, durability in manufacturing, and on time delivery. We are committed to provide our customers with a production partner dedicated to the environment, ISO9000, ISO14000 and safety agency certifications.
has engineered some of the most automated and advanced manufacturing facilities in the business. With production locations in Japan, China, Mexico, Malaysia, and the Czech Republic, offers our customers a wide range of capabilities, services, and low cost alternatives to fit their needs. Our production facilities produce over One Million items a day as members of a vertically integrated team supporting each other with products from raw materials to completed assemblies.
am the Sr. Field Sales Representative who is responsible for sales ( Pacific SW) and Distributor Training for Power products, Current Sensors and Transformers. Contact me for any technical information.                                                                         
Account Manager -  MidAmerica Regional Mgr.
to find the information that they need quickly in order to help our customers. 
          and other proprietary data to assist Tamura's Partners 
                -- thereby, ultimately assisting our customers. 
of high quality Electronic /Magnetic Components and Power Supplies
for Global Markets. Tamura's state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities;
We have proven financial Strength, Innovation and Ability to grow for more than 90 years.
To provide our customers with a selection of catalog products as well as custom solutions, our staff is a highly qualified team of experts including Design and Quality Engineers, Regional and International Sales Teams, Logistical Specialists and all of the invaluable people behind the scenes who make extraordinary.
This is our 11,000 square foot, headquarters in Escondido, California and our 42,000 sq. foot manufacturing facility in Tijuana, Mexico 
