is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. We are taking a novel approach to the treatment of solid tumors through the use of our proprietary Pentarin® Platform. Pentarins are potent and target selective, miniature drug conjugates uniquely designed to drive efficacy deep into solid tumors. Through their miniature size, balanced with their high affinity for specific targets, tuned pharmacokinetics, tumor accumulation and sustained payload release, Pentarins are designed to trigger cancer cell death. We are developing to address the limitations of current cancer therapies due to their large size, limited pharmacokinetics and other attributes that are suboptimal for the treatment of specific cancers.
Pentarins effectively penetrate rapidly into solid tumors and kill cancer cells with highly selective binding to target proteins on or in tumor cells where they accumulate and release a potent payload in the cell for days and in some instances weeks. This selective accumulation and prolonged retention in the tumors, with a shorter resident time in plasma than antibody drug conjugates, leads to significant tumor cell death while sparing normal tissues by comparison to the toxic payload alone.
is developing its Pentarins to treat a wide range of cancers and address the biological challenges of specific solid tumors by choosing targeting ligands and payloads that are specific for the tumor cell targets and related biology and adjusting the release of the payloads through the application of tuned chemical linkers. Our clinical stage pipeline includes PEN-221, a novel cancer therapeutic that is highly selective for the somatostatin receptor 2 (SSTR2), that is in a Phase 1/2a clinical trial. PEN-221 is being developed to treat patients with neuroendocrine cancers, small cell lung cancer and other cancers that express SSTR2. Our second clinical stage Pentarin program is PEN-866, which is highly selective for the intracellular target Heat Shock Protein 90 (HSP90), and is currently being studied in a Phase 1/2a clinical trial. PEN-866 takes advantage of the activation characteristics of HSP90 in tumors versus normal tissue by binding to the activated HSP90 complex with high affinity, releasing its payload over long periods of time in tumor cells. This has resulted in PEN-866 demonstrating complete and durable tumor regressions in xenograft and patient-derived models including those for small-cell lung, pancreatic, and ovarian cancers and sarcoma. To see our pipeline of Pentarins, [click here]
Pentarins achieve effective tumor cell targeting while  maintaining their miniature size, desired pharmacokinetics, and other  attributes required to enable rapid penetration into solid tumor tissue. The Pentarin design causes  sustained release of the cancer cell killing payload into the tumor  while sparing normal tissues at efficacious dose levels for the treatment of  patients with solid tumors.Home
has built a team of innovative and successful drug  developers whose deep collective experience spans drug discovery, research, and  development at leading biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies.
Drew Fromkin has nearly 30 years of leadership experience in major areas of the healthcare industry, including the biopharmaceuticals, life sciences and healthcare services sectors. He has an accomplished track record leading public and private companies through all stages of growth, including product development and commercial operations. Prior becoming the of Therapeutics, Mr. Fromkin served as President, and Director of Clinical Data, Inc. (NASDAQ: CLDA) where he transformed the Company from a traditional diagnostics business with a sub-$100 million market capitalization to an innovative biopharmaceutical and personalized medicine company. Clinical Data was acquired for $1.2 billion by Forest Laboratories. Prior to Clinical Data, Mr. Fromkin served as President and of DoctorQuality, Inc. (acquired by Quantros, Inc.), President, and Director of Endo Surgical Devices, Inc. and Corporate Vice President, Business Development, for Merck-Medco, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Merck & Co. Mr. Fromkin began his career at Health Information Technologies, Inc. as General Manager of their subsidiary, MCA, and Director of Marketing and Payer Alliances for the parent company. He also recently served as a director and Chair of the compensation committee for Tobira Therapeutics, Inc. (TBRA), which has recently been acquired for $1.7 billion by Allergan (AGN). Mr. Fromkin was named to Business Week's "CEOs 40 and Under" list while at Clinical Data. Mr. Fromkin holds a from Brandeis University.
Jeffrey Bloss, is Chief Medical Officer of Tarveda. During his career encompassing more than 25 years in oncology, Dr. Bloss has held many leadership roles and has been responsible for the development, approval and commercialization of over ten successful oncology drugs including Gemzar, Tarceva, Sorafenib, Tykerb, Xtandi and others. Prior to joining Tarveda, Dr. Bloss served as Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President, Medical Affairs at Aegerion. He has also held senior level positions at Astellas, GlaxoSmithKline, Xencor, Onyx, Genentech, and Eli Lilly. Before joining the biotech industry, Dr. Bloss held a series of roles of increasing responsibility at the University of Missouri, Ellis Fischel Cancer Center and at the Medical Corps. He holds an from Thomas Jefferson University Medical College and a from Juniata College. Dr. Bloss completed his Residency in Obstetrics & Gynecology at Wilford Hall Medical Center and his Fellowship in Gynecologic Oncology at the University of California, Irvine.
Brian Roberts joined as Chief Financial Officer in January 2018.  Brian has nearly 25 years of finance, capital markets and operations experience spanning the lifesciences, medtech and media industries with a proven track record of delivering positive results and driving shareholder value. Mr. Roberts served as Chief Financial and Operating Officer at Avedro, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company leading the organization through approval, manufacturing readiness and commercial launch of its lead combination drug and medical device product.  Previously, he served as Chief Financial Officer at Insulet Corporation, (NASDAQ: PODD) a leader in tubeless insulin pump technology. During his tenure, Insulet grew rapidly to nearly $300 million in revenue with a valuation of over $2 billion.  Prior to Insulet, Brian served as for Jingle Networks, acquired by Marchex, Inc., and as for Digitas, (NASDAQ: DTAS) a leading digital marketing and media services firm acquired for $1.3 billion by Publicis Groupe. Brian has also held finance positions at Idiom Technologies, Inc., the Monitor Group and as an auditor with Ernst & Young  Brian currently serves as Director and Audit Chairman for ViewRay, Inc., (NASDAQ:VRAY), a leader in MRI-guided radiation therapy, and as Director and Audit Chairman for Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:VLRX), the maker of V-Go®, a daily insulin delivery device for people living with diabetes.  Mr. Roberts holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and Finance from Boston College and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Richard Wooster is President of Research & Development  at and has three decades of experience in cancer genetics and  pharmaceutical drug discovery and development. Previously, he was Vice  President and Discovery Performance Unit Head in Oncology at GlaxoSmithKline.  In this role, he led the evaluation of the metabolic pathways that are  deregulated in cancer, led the PI3portfolio of inhibitors in Oncology at  and was responsible for the clinical evaluation of the novel antimitotic kinase  inhibitors to and Before this, Dr. Wooster led the translational  medicine group in Oncology at and worked on Tykerb®, Mekinist® and  Tafinlar®. During his academic career, Dr. Wooster discovered the  breast cancer susceptibility gene BRCA2, was one of the founders of the Cancer  Genome Project at the Welcome Trust Sanger Institute where, among many  achievements, mutations in were first discovered and he developed the  mutation database and website. He has more than 100 peer-reviewed  articles and papers in scientific journals. Dr. Wooster has a First Class BSc  in Biochemistry and a Phin drug metabolizing enzymes, both from the  University of Dundee, Scotland.
Mark Bilodeau is Executive Vice President, Drug Discovery at  Tarveda, with more than 20 years of experience in medicinal chemistry and drug  discovery. Previously, he was Senior Director of Medicinal Chemistry at Merck  & Co. Inc., where he developed a broad background in drug discovery for the  oncology, pain, neuroscience, ophthalmology, and cardiovascular therapeutic  areas. While at Merck, Dr. Bilodeau was an inventor and team leader on seven  molecules that advanced into clinical testing and also led a development team  that brought one molecule from discovery through Phase clinical testing. Dr.  Bilodeau received a in Chemistry from Boston College and a Ph.in  Organic Chemistry from Harvard University. He conducted postdoctoral studies at  the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.
Sudha Kadiyala is the Executive Vice President, Strategy & Development at with 20 years of experience in the biotechnology industry. Previously, he worked at ATRM, a Johnson & Johnson company,  with dual responsibilities as Senior Director of Product Development and Senior  Director of Business Development & Strategic Planning.  During his 13  years at Johnson & Johnson, he served in various management roles in  R&and general management, including as Interim Head of Johnson &  Johnson Regenerative Therapeutics, LLC.  Earlier in his career, Dr.  Kadiyala held R&management roles at Osiris Therapeutics, an adult stem  cell company. He received a Technology from IIT, Bombay, a Masters of  Engineering from Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth College and a Ph from the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.
Steven Hamburger, Ph.is Vice President, Regulatory Affairs at Tarveda. Prior to joining Tarveda, Dr. Hamburger served as Vice President, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance at Berg where he provided global regulatory and quality strategic guidance and input with a focus on oncology and rare diseases. He has led global regulatory efforts for both biotech and large pharmaceutical companies including Castle Creek Pharmaceuticals, Baxalta and Immunomedics. Dr. Hamburger has also held senior regulatory positions at Millennium/Takeda, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, and Zeneca Pharmaceuticals. He has had significant involvement in the development and/or global registration of many drugs including Krystexxa, Onivyde, Oncaspar, Velcade, Alimta, and Accolate. Dr. Hamburger holds a Ph.in pharmacology and toxicology from Indiana University School of Medicine, an from Butler University and a from the University of Iowa.
Laure Mei is Vice President, Clinical Operations at Tarveda. Prior to joining Tarveda, Ms. Mei served as Executive Director, Global Clinical Operations and Metabolic Franchise Head at Alexion Pharmaceuticals. She has also held management positions at several biotech and pharmaceutical companies including Senior Director, Clinical Operations at Synageva Biopharma, Senior Director, Clinical Operations and Compliance at Alexza Pharmaceuticals and Associate Director, R&Compliance at Biogen. Ms. Mei holds a in physics and zoology from Connecticut College.
There remains a significant need for novel that effectively target solid tumors to extend the lives of patients with hard to treat cancers while minimizing potential toxicities. Our focus at is to develop our Pentarins to maintain the desirable attributes of both large conjugates such as antibody drug conjugates (ADCs) and small molecule drugs as well as addressing the deficits of these drugs with our Pentarins. Small molecule drugs can penetrate rapidly and deeply into solid tumors to drive efficacy but have no or very limited tumor targeting to spare normal tissue. They also suffer from short time in circulation affecting the concentration level of the drug that reaches the tumor. By contrast, ADCs are selective for tumors and thereby concentrate the payload to the tumor. However, the large size of the antibody limits the speed and depth of penetration into solid tumors, compromising the extent of tumor cell killing. In addition, ADCs remain in circulation for a very long time creating more opportunity for toxicities to be realized in normal tissues. At Tarveda, we see the opportunity to discover and develop our Pentarin miniature drug conjugates to be effective anti-cancer medicines.
Tarveda’s innovative cancer therapies are based on the company’s Pentarin platform. Pentarins are potent and target selective miniature drug conjugates uniquely designed to drive efficacy deep into solid tumors. Through balancing the miniature size with high selectivity and affinity for tumor targets, tuned pharmacokinetics, tumor accumulation and sustained payload release, Pentarins are designed to cause cancer cell death. Pentarins effectively penetrate rapidly into solid tumors and kill cancer cells throughout the tumor with highly selective binding to target proteins on the surface of, or inside, tumor cells. The Pentarins accumulate in the tumor and release a potent payload for days and in some instances weeks to continuously attack the tumor cells to cause significant tumor cell death. Tuning the pharmacokinetics of each Pentarin provides tumor accumulation and efficacy while sparing normal tissues. The result is a product platform enabling the development of novel Pentarins that therapeutically drive efficacy without making the therapeutic too large to penetrate into solid tumors.
Advancing our Proprietary Pentarin Pipeline
Through our Pentarin platform, is developing an internal pipeline of proprietary miniature drug conjugates with tuned properties to improve solid tumor treatment. We are advancing Pentarins directed against cell surface and intracellular tumor targets as we focus on treating cancers where there is a significant unmet need. is developing its pipeline of Pentarins to address a wide range of solid cancers. Our pipeline includes PEN-221, a novel cancer therapeutic that is highly selective for the somatostatin receptor SSTR2, which is in a Phase 1/2a clinical trial . PEN-221 is being developed to treat neuroendocrine cancers including small cell lung cancer. The pipeline also includes PEN-866 that is highly selective for Heat Shock Protein 90 (HSP90) and has demonstrated enduring tumor regressions in xenograft models of small-cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer and sarcoma. PEN-866 is being studied in a Phase 1/2a clinical trial . To see our pipeline of Pentarins, [click here] .
Our proprietary platform is applicable to a range of solid tumor targets, and we are extending our internal pipeline of candidates to address multiple areas of unmet need. Now with our growing pipeline of Pentarins, our platform can serve as the foundation for developing efficacious Pentarins by leveraging and incorporating proprietary targeting moieties and/or payloads of pharmaceutical companies and other collaborators.
To inquire about Pentarin collaborations, contact us at  bd@tarveda.comTargeted drug conjugates – which link targeting agents to potent cell-killing payloads – have been a highly successful approach for creating effective cancer therapies while reducing the toxicity associated with non-targeted payloads.
The first generation of these targeted drug conjugates are antibody drug conjugates (ADCs) based on the use of antibodies as the targeting agent, building on the breadth of recent antibody drug development in a variety of therapeutic settings. ADCs have been developed for both hematologic and solid tumors, and patients are benefitting from these therapies in both settings. The specificity of the antibody coupled with the long circulation time allows the to bind to the targeted tumor tissue and expose the cell to the potent cytotoxic payload. While ADCs have shown promise, there appear to be certain limitations in efficacy for their widespread use, notably in solid tumors or other cancers where penetration and efficacy have been elusive
The small size of miniature drug conjugates overcomes one of the key biological barriers experienced with today’s targeted drug conjugates because they are designed to address the challenge of penetration into dense solid tumor tissue. By using a targeting ligand much smaller than an antibody, such as peptides, small molecules, or small protein scaffolds, miniature drug conjugates are able to rapidly penetrate into the tumor tissue. Particularly in solid tumors, miniature drug conjugates have attributes that allow them to effectively penetrate dense tumor tissue and the associated extracellular matrix, resulting in the unprecedented ability to therapeutically penetrate and target tumors. Yet, pharmacokinetic and biodistribution challenges have impacted the efficacy of miniature drug conjugates to date.
Tarveda’s innovative use of inherent miniature drug conjugate design features to create Pentarins® produces distinct therapeutic features. Traditionally, miniature drug conjugates as a drug class have faced a limitation of poor circulation time. By the intentional selection of an appropriate targeting ligand, payload and optimized linker, has demonstrated that it is possible to tune the pharmacokinetics and biodistribution of the Pentarins to achieve robust efficacy in solid tumors.
Pentarins®: Overcoming the biological barriers hindering penetration into the dense tissue of solid tumors
Tarveda’s innovative Pentarin platform enables the creation of novel, miniature drug conjugates that penetrate solid tumors and target tumor cells.
Pentarins: Overcoming the biological barriers hindering penetration into the dense tissue of solid tumors
Tarveda’s innovative Pentarin® platform enables the creation  of novel, miniature drug conjugates that penetrate solid tumors and target  tumor cells.
The approach with Pentarins builds on this significant class  of cancer medicines – including antibody drug conjugates – and evolves the  therapeutic capabilities even further. With a unique structure, the tuning of  pharmacokinetics and biodistribution, and miniature size, Pentarins are  designed to enable the penetration of the conjugates into the tumor tissue  where they either selectively bind to tumor cells and become internalized or  alternatively diffuse into the cells and selectively bind to the tumor-specific,  intracellular  target with the subsequent  release of the potent cell-killing payload in each case.