Smarter. More Agile. More Intelligent. More Automated
survey of business leaders finds out how Business 4.0 translates into practice
Cyber Insurance: Combating Cyber-attacks Before They Occur
Read this blog post on how cyber insurance providers can help financial firms tackle cyber-attacks better.
Journal of Innovation, Perspectives, and Observations
Refinitiv Transforms Lead-to-Cash Cycle 
TCS’ Salesforce-based automation solution eliminates manual intervention from the order fulfillment process 
leverages digital technologies to transform customer experience at KLM
collaborates with NCRA-to design the control system for the world’s largest radio telescope
Work with us to reduce your Agility Burden, thrive in a dynamic environment & create a better tomorrow.
Named Fastest Growing Brand of the Decade in Know More
Get the latest market insights on social media
Debuts Connected Intelligence Data Lake for Business™ on Marketplace
The goStudent Technology Awareness Program inspires the workforce of the future.
Natarajan Chandrasekaran is Chairman of the Board of Sons, the holding company and promoter of more than 100 operating companies with aggregate annual revenues of more than $100 billion. He joined the Board of Sons in October 2016 and was appointed Chairman in January 2017.
Rajesh Gopinathan is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of (TCS), a leading global solutions and consulting firm. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in February 2017 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer since 2013.
Mr. Aman Mehta graduated from Delhi University with an Economics degree in 1967. He has over 36 years of experience in various positions with the Group, from where he retired in January 2004 as CEO, Asia Pacific.
Dr. Ron Sommer began his professional career with the Nixdorf Group in New York, Paderborn and Paris. In 1980, he was appointed as Managing Director of the German subsidiary of the Sony Group. In 1986, he became Chairman of the Management Board of Sony Deutschland and was subsequently appointed President and Chief Operating Officer of Sony Corporation of America in 1990.
Mr. Bhatt is a graduate in Science and a post graduate in English Literature. He has served as Chairman, State Bank Group, which includes State Bank of India (SBI), India’s largest commercial bank; five associate banks in India; five overseas banks; Life, the country’s largest private life insurer; Capital Markets, India’s leading investment bank; Fund Management; and other subsidiaries spanning diverse activities, from general insurance to custodial services.
Ganapathy Subramaniam (NGS) is the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of since February 2017. He is also an Additional Director and Chairman of Elxsi since November, 2014. Prior to taking over the COO’s role he served as the Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Solutions, a strategic business unit of TCS.
Ms Aarthi Subramanian is the Group Chief Digital Officer at Sons reporting to the Group Executive Chairman. professional with over 28 years of experience in the global technology sector. Ms Subramanian started her career with (TCS) and worked in diverse roles in India, Sweden, the and Canada, thereby gaining rich experience in consulting engagements and management of large-scale technology programs as well as operations.
Dr. Pradeep Kumar Khosla, an internationally renowned electrical and computer engineer, is the eighth Chancellor of the University of California, San Diego, and a distinguished professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Computer Science and Engineering.
Ms. Hanne Birgitte Breinbjerg Sorensen is a Danish national, born in 1965 and holds an MSc in Economics and Management from the University of Aarhus.
Mr. Keki Mistry, born in 1954, holds a Bachelor's Degree in Commerce from the Mumbai University and is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. In 1975, he began his career with Ferguson & Co, followed by short stints with Hindustan Unilever Ltd. and Indian Hotels Company Ltd. He brings with him nearly four decades of varied work experience in the Banking & Financial domain.
Mr. Daniel Hughes Callahan, aged 61 years, holds a Degree from Manhattanville College. He is a transformative leader with broad experience driving strategic change across large global organizations, and dealing with multiple stakeholders in local and national governments and regulatory bodies.
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Rajesh Gopinathan is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of (TCS), a leading global solutions and consulting firm. He was elevated to the role of Chief Executive in February 2017 after serving as the Chief Financial Officer since 2013.
Ganapathy Subramaniam (NGS) is the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of since February 2017. He is also an Additional Director and Chairman of Elxsi since November, 2014. Prior to taking over the COO’s role he served as the Executive Vice President and Head of Financial Solutions, a strategic business unit of TCS.
Ramakrishnan (“Ramki”) was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of in February 2017. Ramki has over 35 years of experience in various aspects of finance including management of financial operations, governance, compliance and internal controls.
Ajoyendra Mukherjee (or Ajoy as he is better known) is Executive Vice President and Head of Global Human Resources. As scales up beyond 300,000 professionals, Ajoy is playing a key role to ensure that the global human resources function is continually responding to the challenges and opportunities of a dynamic industry. As a member of the leadership team of the company, he has been driving initiatives to build a skilled and culturally-diverse global workforce.
Here's how children around the world are learning key skills for the future with the help of computer games.  Watch the video to know more or click on the link below! https://on.tcs.com/2D3Lh0#wef19 #digitalempowers #futureforward
High performance demands superb teamwork. We leverage our strong partner ecosystem to fuel your success.
Our dedicated partner management, field alliance, business solutions, and infrastructure architect teams nurture relationships to drive efficiencies and predictable outcomes as our customers adopt Cloud, Automation and Agile.
The network of partners includes business software providers, niche technology developers, and platform and infrastructure vendors. 
helps empower people through its programs, ethical governance, and environmental initiatives.
Open innovation center Digital Impact Square gives young talent a chance to create social impact.
believes in giving back to the community through volunteering, sponsorship, and services. 
At TCS, people progress up the career ladder with the help of employee-friendly policies. 
Reaching Out to the Community
Employees volunteer their time in the spheres of education, health, and the environment.
On the Leading Edge of Innovation
We invest significantly in research to tap into the transformative power of digital solutions.
continues to uphold the legacy of ethical governance it has inherited from the Group.
Our customer-centricity and business foresight have helped us ably navigate technological cycles.
Our water management plan is based on water treatment, recycling, and replenishment.
is reducing its carbon footprint through data center power management.
We believe in making the best out of waste - by reusing it in different processes. 
extends its radius of responsibility beyond immediate benefit to long-term good.
Wins Hr Scotland National Award 2018 for its Futures Program
Recognized Among Sustainability Leaders in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index
Named America’s Most Community-Minded Information Technology Company
Wins ‘Social Responsibility Award’ Three Years in a Row
