at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
At the time, the possibilities of ferrite were as yet unknown. Driven by a belief in its potential, a bold decision was taken. This venture spirit is at the very root of and permeates the company still today.
was founded about 80 years ago
following the invention of ferrite.
Ferrite was a chance discovery made by Dr. Yogoro Kato and Dr. Takeshi Takei at the Tokyo Institute of Technology. Aiming to explore the industrial potential of the material, Kenzo Saito founded a company in 1935 that became TDK.
At the time, the possibilities of ferrite were as yet unknown. Driven by a belief in its potential, a bold decision was taken. This venture spirit is at the very root of and permeates the company still today.
was founded about 80 years ago
following the invention of ferrite.
is also active in the fields of renewable energy, traffic infrastructure, and industrial equipment.
TDK’s products can be found inside
is also active in the fields of renewable energy, traffic infrastructure, and industrial equipment.
TDK’s products can be found inside
that open up the future.
conducts business in more than 30 countries around the globe. Consolidated net sales amount to 1,783 billion yen.
Working towards a brighter future, is focusing on three strategic growth products.
around 90,000 employees brimming with individuality.
around 90,000 employees brimming with individuality.
The "Environmental Vision 2035" was formulated with a view towards the company's centenary year. major goal is the reduction of emissions in lifecycle based CO
emission unit is defined as the amount of greenhouse gases emitted during the creation of a specific production volume or similar, converted into the CO2 equivalent.
For the future of the earth, looks ahead to
The "Environmental Vision 2035" was formulated with a view towards the company's centenary year. major goal is the reduction of emissions in lifecycle based CO
emission unit is defined as the amount of greenhouse gases emitted during the creation of a specific production volume or similar, converted into the CO2 equivalent.
For the future of the earth, looks ahead to
We want to support athletes who continue the endless challenge of setting new records. has supported the World Championships in Athletics ever since the inaugural event in Helsinki in 1983.
and at such events as the World Championships in Athletics!
and at such events as the World Championships in Athletics!
We want to preserve the beauty of nature. Every year, Group employees and their families in the Akita district participate in tree planting activities at Mt. Chokai, one of the 100 most famous mountains in Japan.
wants to contribute to culture and industry which are an expression of human knowledge. Inviting world-class musicians and having music school students attend rehearsal sessions is one way in which we pursue this aim.
We want to preserve the beauty of nature. Every year, Group employees and their families in the Akita district participate in tree planting activities at Mt. Chokai, one of the 100 most famous mountains in Japan.
at a Glance for Investors
Contributing to the future of electronics and the progress of society by bringing products of value to growth markets
is a comprehensive electronic components manufacturer leading the world in magnetic technology.
Here are some of our many employees who are continuing to make challenges on the world stage.
The Group’s history from its founding to the present
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
The Activities website presents comprehensive and detailed information about the activities of the Group.
The booklet describes the main points of activities centering on important themes based on the materiality specified in fiscal 2015.
Major Organizational Changes during the Period Covered:
In the first quarter, acquired 100% of the shares of InvenSense, Inc. and turned InvenSence, Inc. and its subsidiaries into consolidated affiliates.
As a rule, data refers to the Group. Separate indications are given if data pertains only to a specific site. In order to clearly show the state of progress, data is usually given for successive years (with some exceptions).
As this is a yearly report, data are updated once per year.
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
The world is our stage.
Contribute to culture and industry through creativity — that is the Corporate Motto of the Group.
Our mission therefore remains unchanged: developing useful products and services of real value and supplying them in a timely fashion.
The inspiration and driving force that enables us to do so are our employees, imagining a positive future and meeting challenges without fear of failure.
Becoming a global company and a worldwide leader in electronics.
The Group currently has factories, research institutes, and sales offices in over 30 countries and regions worldwide. The number of employees is about 100,000 people in total. Reflecting these increasingly globalized operations, the ratio of sales outside Japan has grown to 91.1% and that of production outside Japan to 86.1%, making us a truly global company.
Carrying out research & development that spans the globe.
The Group uses a four-base system to carry out R&activities in Japan, Asia, Europe, and the This closely linked worldwide framework enables us to take advantage of the business strengths of each region to meet the needs of that region.
Japan is the country where was founded and this base can therefore be seen as forming the core of the group. It handles medium to long term oriented development of new materials, new processes, and new products.
The expanding Asian market is served by a number of sites in this region. One of these is located in Shenzhen, China and handles technology development covering all types of applications such as automotive, and industrial equipment and energy. The Shanghai site works on solutions for support and optimized components propositions.
Europe is a region with a high awareness of environmental and energy issues. In-depth technology studies and development are pursued here, in fields such as automotive applications and industrial equipment.
Centered on areas such as San Jose with its high concentration of semiconductor and related industries, studies into cutting-edge technology and development of advanced products are the focus here, taking advantage of the sophisticated environment.
people — active in a global environment
At TDK's bases around the world, specialists in many fields and with various areas of expertise employ their skills and passion every day to tackle challenging tasks. very small sample of such people is presented here, providing insight in what motivates them and what the special advantages of their respective workplaces are.
Mobilizing skills and knowledge to respond to each challenge.
My role is to exert as a team leader in coordinating all aspects of Quality, Cost and Delivery (QCD) efficiency improvements, from proposals through final implementation. We are handling extremely small size products. To further improve our products, it is vital to focus in on tiny components invisible to the naked eye to make meaningful improvements. firmly believe that the fruits of such efforts will not only raise efficiency, but also support growth both on a personal level and for the company as a whole. Another appeal of is the stance of respecting employee individuality, combined with a corporate culture devoted to steadily nurturing personal skills. This is definitely the key to working with enthusiasm while fueling the desire for self-improvement. Based on a firm grasp of the expectations directed to me as a team leader, undertake each challenge without fear of failure. Rooted in that attitude, pledge to continue to do my very best from here on as well.
Innovation in step with the times.
Ever since joining Taiwan, have been in charge of financial and accounting duties. The words “Vision, Courage and Trust,” which are also contained in the company principles, have taught me many things and inspired steady changes in my own thinking as well. Yet another fine quality of is the ability to build relationships based on by mutual trust between employees, who develop by working side by side in constructive rivalry. The workplace environment of respecting individual thinking and bringing out the best in each other’s abilities supports the growth of all members of the team. Under this approach we take responsibility for our individual duties, always seeking out new challenges and living up to the expectations of the customer. The goal is to continue to generate innovation closely matched to the times. That spirit, so alive and well in TDK, has also emerged as the driving force in my own life and endeavors.
Drawing out answers across divisions and national borders.
As our Japanese language coordinator, work to support communications between the Japan design and Thailand manufacturing divisions. Besides interpreting for those traveling here on business from Japan, am also closely involved in the work of launching new equipment installations. Another key phase of my duties is to help with opinion exchanges across different divisions and countries in order to arrive at unified answers. While the responsibilities are heavy and the work can be quite formidable, the ability to undertake new challenges every day is the source of great pride and satisfaction. At Thailand, we are also actively involved in traditional Thai events. One such example is the “Song Kran” water festival, in which water is sprinkled over managers as a means of showing respect. In such ways, there are numerous opportunities to engage in exchanges across the lines of divisions rank and position. truly enjoy that part of the corporate culture here.
As a member of the of America sales team in San Jose, California, work closely with Silicon Valley-based customers on the development of next-generation products. feel a great sense of professional fulfillment from being involved in the creation of advanced technology from scratch.
For more than 20 years, I’ve had the privilege of collaborating with many outstanding, talented colleagues representing a variety of cultures and ideas that are always a source of inspiration.
The inspiration of customer encounters.
After living in Japan for five years, decided to join business base in Singapore. My current duties involve proposing solutions to the issues faced by our customers, planning product promotions and other areas. am stimulated by every encounters with customers and members from overseas as well as Singapore. Besides , sometimes travel abroad on business trip. The opportunity to meet and network with customers from around the world through my work leads to a major increase in motivation. My personal aim is to steadily expand my knowledge of today’s technology, which literally continues to evolve day in and day out, while steadily furnishing proposals exceeding the demands of our customers. Joining hands with the trusty members of our team, will continue to devote my energies to the challenges ahead, in a concerted push to contribute to the company’s growth.
Continuing to make challenges together with outstanding members
Franck BONTEMPS
My job as a sales staff member is to develop and cultivate a long-term partnership with a strategic customer. When the customer and reach a win-win compromise after tough negotiations, feel very satisfied indeed. When joined TDK, was often told by one of my bosses to “Enjoy the pressure!” The culture is to accept difficult challenges as your own and to tackle them in a forward-looking manner. The other employees around me also have a desire to challenge high hurdles and are proud of fulfilling an important role. They have a sense of contributing significantly to the Group. This team spirit, which bonds outstanding employees together, is TDK’s strength. am very happy to be able to work in such a stimulating environment.
Aiming ever higher in a corporate culture of mutual support
As a Finance director am Generating and analyzing financial reports at Lambda Israel, which is one of TDK’s overseas affiliates, and as development Director am driving the positive culture and environment in the company. feel that is especially outstanding in its stance of making challenges and aiming ever higher with positive attitude. The state of mind of our company is that in every activity and result, as good as it can be, there is a room for improvement. What is necessary to success and achieve those challenges is cooperation among employees and strong sense of belonging to the company and identification with its values. has a deep-rooted culture of mutual support. myself often see employees helping co-workers who have been in distress or difficulty. am proud to be a member of an organization like TDK.
Seeking the best solutions to satisfy customer needs
am engaged in research and development aimed at satisfying customer needs in terms of systems. was very interested in microelectronics before, so after acquiring my PhD, chose as my new base for research. At we are always tackling new challenges, so it is never boring. Another of TDK’s many attractions is that its corporate environment is fair; good ideas to satisfy customer needs are welcome from anyone, regardless of position. In the process of seeking ways to find the ideal solutions for customers, it is very stimulating to discover knowledge in unknown fields. My aim is to develop epoch-making new products in my own field that become the global standard.
at a Glance for Investors
world's first ferrite cores, relying on the ferrite patent by
Dr. Kato and Dr. Takei.
Bringing clear sound and pictures to people's homes.
This image is expressing a typical Japanese family at a dining space in the 1950's.
The world's first application of ferrite as a ferrite core results in a dramatic reduction of noise.
Until about 1950, listening to the radio often was marred by noise and interference, and reception sensitivity was not very high.
But once ferrite cores came into use, the noise decreased and the sound became clearer, allowing more people to listen and to obtain a wide range of information.
During the postwar economic growth period in Japan, the advent of television ushered in the age of visual information.
Ferrite from was used extensively for the deflection yoke cores in the tubes of television sets which increasingly found their way into people's homes.
Ferrite core reaches the market under the
product name "Oxide Core." Production of color movies becomes widespread.
Invention of magnetic sound recording system with biasing method.
constructed in Hirasawa-cho,
ferrite production restarted (October, Hirasawa Plant) Computer with stored program proposed. Concept of communications satellite announced.
1 successfully launched by the Soviet Union.
of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. First manned space flight
"Taking one's music along" creates a new lifestyle.
Cassette tapes designed specifically for music become immensely popular and make the name known to the world.
Music on phonograph records or open-reel tapes required bulky equipment and therefore could only be enjoyed indoors, usually at home. Only after recording on the much more compact cassette tape became possible, people could take their favorite music with them.
living environment came to be filled with music anytime, anywhere.
In the latter half of the 1970s , video cassette recorders (VCRs) for home use came onto the market. Benefitting from its extensive experience in audio cassette tapes, began to mass-produce high-performance video cassette tapes.
Ever smaller, and ever more capable. drives the progress of home electronics.
Revolutionary multilayering technology leads the way towards smaller, thinner, and lighter home electronics.
After multilayer chip components came into use, home electronics suddenly became much smaller, thinner, and lighter.
Portable telephones which used to require a bulky shoulder-carried unit shrank into mobile phones easily held in one hand.
Passport-size video cameras could be taken anywhere and brought the joy of watching videos to the general public.
And nowadays, all of these functions are usually integrated in a single smartphone.
Company name changed to Home video game consoles introduced. World's first portable mobile phones
Thin-film magnetic heads enable building smaller computers with more data storage capacities.
In the early stages of the computer age, an electronic computer was a large-scale device for calculation assembled with advanced technologies. But programming required specialized knowledge and computer use was limited to a few experts.
After hard disk drives with high storage capacities were developed in the 1990s, more software such as spreadsheet or word processing programs, image processing software etc. could be installed on a single computer, and personal computers became an indispensable part of most offices.
The rapid progress towards smaller and lighter hardware with higher storage led to the spread of notebook computers.
Sending email and documents via the Internet became common, and computers can now be used anywhere by anyone.
heads released. Museum opened in Nikaho City, Akita Prefecture Acquisition of Amperex Technology Ltd.
(polymer lithium battery manufacturing and sales) Acquisition of Lambda Power Group including Densei Lambda
(development/manufacture/sales of power supply products)
Marketing and sales operations for brand
recording media sold to Imation Corp.. Smartphone introduced in the USA, rapidly
Innovations in Postwar Japan." World's first fuel cell vehicles
new type of radio triggers a sudden demand for ferrite.
In 1947, just after the end of WWII, the old type of radio (4-tube radios and similar) which suffered from noisy reception was replaced by a new principle called a superheterodyne receiver, offering much better performance. However, these receivers require an intermediate frequency transformer (IFT) that in turn needs a ferrite core, and orders for ferrite suddenly started pouring in at TDK, the only ferrite manufacturer in Japan at the time. This enabled to overcome the difficulties of the postwar phase and build a solid foundation that lasts until this day. In 1955, Japan's first transistor radio hit the market. It was equipped with a bar antenna that used a ferrite core from In this way, made a significant contribution in the field of radios which were the forerunners of today's wide range of audiovisual equipment.
In 1950, as (Japan's national public broadcasting organization) began experimental television broadcasting, embarked on the research and development of prototype ferrite cores for the deflection yokes and flyback transformers necessary in order to display an image on a cathode-ray tube. The cores were finally ready for mass production in 1953, around the same time when regular broadcasting got under way in Japan. Some seven years later, color broadcasting was launched in 1960. In the 1980s, screens rapidly became much larger, driving the demand for more complex deflection yoke shapes and higher performance. Power ratings also increased, leading to an increase in demand for power ferrite materials to be used in transformers for switching type power supplies.
Cassette, the world's first cassette tape designed for music (1968)
Audio tape and video tape adopted by broadcasting stations
In 1950, the year the first tape recorder made in Japan was introduced, embarked on a research and development project for magnetic tape as a new business, harnessing the company's strength in magnetic materials technology. Three years later, in 1953, a magnetic tape product called "Synchrotape " for open reel tape recorders was launched. Ongoing research resulted in further refinements in terms of materials technology and manufacturing techniques. In recognition of its broadcast level performance, Synchrotape was adopted by broadcasting stations in 1957. Technical cooperation by also was instrumental in the effort to develop a locally produced video tape. In 1963, the "Synchro Video Tape" developed by was selected for use in broadcasting. At the Tokyo Olympics held in the following year, about 60 percent of the video tapes used for broadcasting applications were products.
The wider a magnetic tape, and the faster its travel speed, the more information can be recorded on it. In 1966, brought a cassette tape product called "Synchro Cassette" onto the market, but due to the narrow width of the tape and its slow speed as compared to open-reel tapes, the cassette was not suitable for music recording. In order to solve this problem, developed a new type of magnetic powder with vastly improved characteristics, which made it possible in 1968 to present the world's first cassette tape for music recording, branded as the "Cassette". With a clever sales strategy also paying off, the Cassette took the market by storm and received overwhelming feedback from users around the world. It became a monumental product that cemented the name of as the world's foremost magnetic tape manufacturer.
Contributing to TDK's image and brand recognition
The first video tape recorder (VTR) was introduced in the in 1956, but the extremely high sales price limited its appeal mainly to stations and similar. Followed by the open-reel type, the 1960s saw the introduction of cassette type video recorders (VCRs), and in the 1970s , two competing systems of more compact VCRs for household use were developed: Betamax and had already been supplying video tape as an (Original Equipment Manufacturer), but as VCRs gained in popularity, released a video tape product under its own brand name in 1978. To meet increased production capacity needs, a new plant dedicated to video tapes was constructed at Mikumagawa (Hita City, Oita Pref.) in 1982. At the time, video tape accounted for more than half of the company's entire net sales. spots and other types of advertising provided a strong boost to TDK's name recognition and significantly lifted the company's brand image.
new technology for cobalt coating the needle-shaped magnetic powder
The characteristics of the magnetic powder which is applied on the plastic base film have a vital influence on the performance of the magnetic tape. By employing a powder with extremely fine needle-shaped particles for the Cassette, was able to break through the performance barrier of cassette tapes, making them a viable music recording medium for the first time. Moving towards further advancement, perfected a new technology in 1973 for coating the surface of the needle-shaped particles with cobalt. This enabled outstanding characteristics significantly better than the chromium dioxide that was the standard for high-performance tapes at the time. The new magnetic powder called "Avilyn" became the basis for the entire range of "SA" (Super Avilyn) products for music and video. The excellent sound and image quality afforded by these tapes provided a major boost to the culture of audio and video recording.
TDK's first multilayer ceramic chip capacitor in the 4545 format (4.5 x 4.5 mm)
Chip components and (Surface Mount Technology) by automated placement equipment
In the early days of electronics, most electronic components used to have long "legs" in the form of lead wires that were inserted into holes on the printed circuit board and then soldered to create a product. But in the 1970s a major innovation revolutionized the way in which electronic products were built. Very small chip-like components without lead wires are placed directly on the printed circuit board by high-speed automated pick-and-place equipment in a process that became known as (Surface Mount Technology). An ultra-thin pocket radio that came onto the market in 1976 was the very first consumer product manufactured with SMT, and it featured multilayer ceramic chip capacitors from In the course of the next decade, chip components became ever smaller, triggering an amazing reduction in size and weight of electronic products.
Chip components realized with fine multilayer technology from Inductors are normally made by winding coil wire around a magnetic core. But a breakthrough technology introduced by in 1980 made it possible for the first time to form a coil by a layering process without winding, resulting in the world's first multilayer chip inductor reaching the market. followed this up by "fine multilayering," a proprietary, highly advanced technique for simultaneous sintering of different materials such as ferrite and dielectric ceramics. Further development extended the technique to composite chip components integrating capacitor and inductor functions, and to a multilayer integrated device (MHD) comprising an All of these greatly contributed to make portable electronic devices such as video cameras and personal music players much smaller and lighter while at the same time capable of higher performance.
Currently, more than 80% of all capacitors manufactured worldwide are multilayer ceramic chip types. single smartphone or notebook computer may contain upwards of 500 of these. The world's first multilayer ceramic chip capacitor was developed in the in the 1940s, but it saw only limited use in special military or industrial applications. Only after mass production technology had been developed in Japan in the 1970s, multilayer ceramic chip capacitors found their way into consumer products in large numbers. There are many different variations and manufacturing methods, but the basic principle involves screen-printing of the internal electrodes on a dielectric sheet, layering the result, and then cutting it into individual chips.
Applications include noise countermeasure components and circuit protection devices
The availability of electronic components in chip format since the 1980s, along with the progress of (surface mount technology) has greatly contributed to the realization of smaller, lighter, and higher functionality electronic equipment. applied its original fine multilayering technology not only to capacitors and inductors but also to various other chip type products including noise countermeasure components and circuit protection devices. Turning electronic components into chips requires highly accurate screen printing techniques, advanced processing methods, and superior materials technology. Of utmost importance is a full mastery of the entire range of electroceramic materials which includes ferrite (magnetic ceramics), dielectric ceramics, and semiconductor ceramics.
Winchester head (left) and entire assembly mounted to gimbal
Magnetic materials technology from not only was crucial for the tapes used in tape recorders and VTRs, it also provided benefits in the field of magnetic heads. Ever since developing an erase head for tape recorders in 1963, has been active in the area of magnetic heads for audio applications such as cassette decks and VTRs, and in industrial applications as well, including for example heads for magnetic card readers in admission ticket vending machines and bill exchange machines. Ferrite not only provides superior magnetic characteristics, it also has excellent abrasion resistance, making it highly suitable for magnetic heads whose surface is constantly being swept by the media such as magnetic tape or cards during recording and playback.
Prior to the invention of the (hard disk drive), cylindrical magnetic drums were used as storage devices for computers. TDK's magnetic head business for computers has its origins in 1960, when the company embarked on the development of a head core piece for magnetic drums, using ferrite. The product released two years later became known as the "boat shaped head core" because its cross section resembled that of a boat. To meet the demands of higher-density recording, the "2314 compatible head core piece" was developed in 1968, followed by the development of the Winchester head in 1972, providing another boost to TDK's accelerating magnetic head business.
at a Glance for Investors
Flow up to the Start of Transactions
engages in global production with production bases in Japan and other Asian countries and territories, Europe, the Americas, and Europe. Within the procurement activities that support production, the development of global procurement structures are crucial, and we strive to use those systems to develop products rapidly to remain competitive in the race to be first to market in the electronics industry.
Production bases engage in local procurement, but in today's society with ubiquitous networks, materials procurement activities require close collaboration with suppliers in ways that overcome time and distance. In addition, measures to fulfill corporate social responsibilities such as compliance with applicable laws and regulations, observance of social norms, and preservation of the global environment are promoted actively through partnerships between and its suppliers.
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
is a comprehensive electronic components manufacturer leading the world in magnetic technology.
began its trajectory by producing the world's first ferrite cores using a magnetic material called ferrite, and the company is now a large manufacturer of components.
Ferrite is a material with many advantageous properties.
Modern commands a wide range of technologies that make daily life more convenient and pleasant. Our products serve a myriad of applications for example in smartphones, personal computers, electrical appliances, industrial equipment, and automobiles.
components are vital for progress in many areas.
Meanwhile, the power of magnetics continues to inform our global leadership role.
The role played by components — 
Many products that surround our daily lives rely extensively on TDK's wide palette of electronic components. But because these are used internally, they remain mostly unseen by consumers.
If your electronic devices operate as designed and make your day more enjoyable, that means that the components in them are functioning properly.
But without these electronic components, many things that we take for granted these days might never have come about.
The connected society is moving ahead.
Building convenient and fast communication environments.
Smartphones have become society’s mobile computers of choice, allowing people around the globe to be more productive and connected. These sophisticated information tools form a social infrastructure that enhances the relationships of people no matter where they are— in homes,
products play an important role in the realization of these new network technologies. Our wide variety of electronic components and modules make full use of advanced core technologies and dramatically expand the possibilities of the smartphone as we move toward the implementation of 5in 2020.
Supporting the safe and environment-friendly "connected car".
The world of car electronics keeps climbing to new levels of safety, comfort, and environmental compatibility. Limiting the volume of exhaust gas from automobiles is the key to solving the serious problem of carbon dioxide emissions.
This necessitates the rapid development and introduction of new vehicle configurations known collectively as x(HEV/PHEV/BEV). In addition, the "connected car" that is constantly linked to the internet, will enable the realization of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and autonomous driving to further improve safety, accuracy and comfort. provides a wide range of electronic components and devices that support the electrification of automobiles. TDK’s outstanding reliability meets the severe demands of the automotive environment while reducing environmental impact.
Toward a thoroughly energy-conscious society, contributes to the utilization of renewable energies.
supports the active utilization of renewable energy as society becomes more energy-conscious.
Especially in Europe, the use of renewable energy to reduce environmental impact is progressing, and large scale offshore wind farms have recently become a trend.
supplies power film capacitors and large neodymium magnets that boost the efficiency of wind power generation.
Rail-based transportation is currently being reappraised worldwide for its energy efficiency and low carbon emissions. As with all transportation modes, railways require high levels of infrastructure reliability and safety. TDK’s products meet these needs with rugged, high-efficiency converters, power modules, and similar products that meet the specification requirements of various countries.
Boosting the progress of industrial robots.
The use of robots in all areas of industry, including manufacturing and services, has increased dramatically over the last several years. will continue to play an important role in increasing robot adoption by boosting the efficiency and accuracy of robots. supplies magnets for electric motors and different types of sensors that make these robots smarter while reducing energy consumption.
products play a role in everyday life as well as in society at large. At this very moment, they make possible many advanced functions and convenient features in mobile devices that people around the world have come to take for granted.
Indispensible for the send/receive systems of smartphones, these inductors provide lossless handling of high-frequency signals, combining a high factor with compact dimensions. Major applications include high-frequency circuits and modules in smartphones and similar, contributing to higher circuit efficiency.
The power supply circuitry for example of smartphones and automotive circuits requires highly compact power inductors. These products contribute to improved power conversion efficiency.
These components serve to protect circuits and prevent malfunction and damage due to static electricity discharges or other surge currents.
Low profile decoupling capacitors designed for integration in the substrate of semiconductor packages. The products enable support for higher frequencies and higher drive speed, and contribute to size reductions and power savings through lower drive voltage.
thermistors have a negative temperature coefficient, which means that their resistance decreases as the temperature increases. They are widely used as temperature sensors.
Semiconductor Embedded Substrate (SESUB)
This technology allows embedding integrated circuit chips directly in the resin substrate. module with a three-dimensional arrangement of components offers enormous space saving advantages while realizing high performance.
Thin-film common mode filters
Chip components used for noise attenuation in high-speed interfaces. Thin-film technology was leveraged to achieve tiny dimensions and ultra low profile, thereby reducing circuit board footprint requirements and enhancing design flexibility.
These leadless chip type surface-mount capacitors are used in many electronic devices of daily life for noise reduction and signal processing tasks.
Noise countermeasure components highly suitable for the higher frequencies and higher integration necessary in advanced digital devices. The internal electrode is sandwiched between the ground electrodes in a multilayer configuration, to realize drastic reduction.
Compact actuators realize high-speed auto-focus and image stabilizing functions for cameras integrated in smartphones and other devices, contributing to high performance.
The product enables high-performance image stabilizing functions in camera modules of smartphones and similar. Because no magnetic materials are used, there is no risk of magnetic interference. Compared to conventional type stabilizers, the advantages are smaller size, lower power consumption and reduced costs.
Sophisticated (Micro Electro Mechanical Systems) technology supports the creation of microphones with excellent performance, atmospheric pressure sensors that supply highly accurate position information, and other advanced components.
(Band-pass filters／Diplexers／Triplexers／Baluns)
Indispensible for the send/receive systems of smartphones, these products selectively extract only the required signal and also serve for frequency control and other functions, contributing to improved communication performance.
This type of rechargable battery is widely used in smartphones and other mobile devices. It provides excellent performance and is ideal for low profile designs.
In base stations for mobile phone services and similar, radio waves picked up by the antenna have to be smoothly sent to the circuitry while preventing a backward flow. Isolators absorb unwanted reflections by means of a resistor and output the signal in one direction only.
These sending and receiving coil units are compatible with various wireless power transfer standards. Charging can be performed by simply placing the handheld device on a cradle.
As cars rely more and more on electric and electronic systems, noise emitted by automotive components has the potential of disrupting operation and causing serious and even fatal accidents. produces noise countermeasure components and other highly dependable electronic components that ensure the safety of automotive LANs and ECUs (electronic control units).
The CeraLink™ product which is marketed by under the brand name are ceramic capacitors using a (lead zirconate titanate) type material as dielectric, making them ideal for link circuit applications. They combine high capacitance with low and values, thereby enabling the realization of space-saving inverters with high efficiency and high reliability.
Characterized by high reliability and long service life, these capacitors are used in power supply circuits for small automotive motors and electric vehicles. They are used for RFI(Radio Frequency Interference) countermeasures of small motors and so on.
This type of capacitor uses an aluminum oxide film as dielectric, enabling high capacity ratings. It is used in the power supply circuits of ECUs in the engine compartment of automobiles and others. Types with particularly high vibration resistance are also available.
Features leads connected to a disc-shaped single-layer ceramic basis material and a halogen-free resin coating. High reliability has been achieved by the use of TDK's original ceramic dielectric material matched to the copper electrode. Besides automotive applications, the capacitors are also used in medical equipment.
By equipping multilayer ceramic chip capacitors with leads and applying a halogen-free resin insulation coating, product reliability has been greatly improved to meet the stringent demands of the automotive environment. Used for example to counteract capacitor ringing, board flexing, and motor noise.
Ring shaped varistors are used in a wide range of applications from micro motor noise absorption to the protection of circuit contacts. has greatly improved the electrical and physical performance of these varistors.
(Band-pass filters／Diplexers／Triplexers／Baluns)
High-frequency components such as high-inductors, multilayer band-pass filters, and antennas for applications support telematics and car connectivity.
products offer high reliability and are mainly designed for automotive applications. The pin terminals allow direct mounting on printed circuit boards The lineup includes compact types, wideband types, and products compatible with reflow soldering.
3transponder coils combine high-sensitivity coils for three axes (X, Y, Z) in a single compact unit, making it possible to realize convenient and reliable keyless entry systems.
CeraPad™ marketed by under the brand name is an ultra-thin substrate with integrated protection, suitable for packages. By eliminating the need for discrete parts, package sizes can be kept small and the parts count as well as required man hours for mounting can be kept low. This makes the product particularly suited for products where the number of LEDs per unit keeps rising and higher mounting densities are required.
The application of advanced head technology has resulted in sensors that provide high output, high accuracy, and high stability in a compact package. The new sensors provide very high accuracy while being able to withstand the extreme temperature environment that exists in a car. Hall sensors made by TDK-Micronas are used to provide position data from the transmission and many other parts of the vehicle.
Transformers are key components for applications where voltage has to be converted. transformers using high-performance ferrite are ideal for automotive applications. The lineup also includes transformers for battery management systems (BMS).
These products enable use of the main battery in a or for efficient charging. Optimized design has resulted in a high-capacity, high-efficiency battery charger fulfilling automotive-grade quality requirements.
Automotive DC-converter for xEVs
The product down-converts the high voltage of the xEV's main battery to the level required by automotive electronic equipment. It is used by many xmanufacturers both in Japan and overseas.
The drive motors of hybrid and electric vehicles use TDK's high-performance neodymium magnets that contribute significantly to better fuel economy. The many small electric motors that are also found in cars, such as for windshield wipers and power windows, use numerous industry-leading ferrite magnets from TDK.
Neodymium magnets for wind power generation
has developed large high-performance neodymium magnets designed for the rotors of gearless wind power generators. Highly sophisticated bonding technology enables the formation of specialized modules which are increasingly used also in high-power installations for 5 megawatts and above.
These rechargable batteries are characterized by high energy density. Their use is expanding also for storing power generated by solar or wind power systems.
These capacitor products feature high ripple current tolerance, long-term reliability and large capacitance. They are widely used for smoothing applications in the power supplies of frequency converters, wind power generator converters, solar power inverters, special power supplies and (uninterruptible power supply) units, medical equipment, etc.
These capacitors use various kinds of plastic film as a dielectric. They are characterized by high reliability and long service life, essential qualities for use in power conditioners and inverters for solar power generation systems.
power supplies are optimal for leveling the electric power generated by renewable energy power generation systems, as well as for power storage systems such as used in emergency power supplies for deploying power in case of a disaster. single unit can handle both up conversion and down conversion.
These components are designed for connection on the primary side of electronic devices and serve mainly to implement countermeasures.
The productlineup comprises various types ranging from small to large sizes that can be used in wind power and solar power generation systems as well as industrial equipment in general.
These special types of ceramic capacitors are designed for power transmission and substation equipment, high voltage power supply circuits, etc.
They are widely used for switches in power distribution networks, circuit breakers of transformer substations, as well as in medical and industrial X-ray imaging devices.
Because of the high currents required in railway carriages, capacitors are large and heavy. Relying on advanced materials technology and thin film technology, has successfully introduced smaller and lighter power film capacitors that nevertheless provide excellent reliability.
These switching power supplies convert the voltage (for example 12 V) of a bus line to a required voltage (such as 3 V). Advanced circuit design technology and high density mounting technology result in small dimensions and ensure very high reliability and long service life.
supplies solid state drives (SSD) with proprietary memory control chips and CompactFlash cards for industrial use. These are found for example in communication base stations, digital signage for trains and other traffic control systems, providing support for the age of IoT.
These varistors use zinc oxide elements that change in resistance according the applied voltage. This creates a shorting path that becomes active when excessive voltage is present, thereby protecting electronic equipment. Applications include surge protection for commercial power supply lines, switching noise suppression and more. Energy varistors are also used in power transmission equipment, transformer substations, railway systems, etc.
Electric motors are the "muscles" that enable movement of robots. TDK's vast experience with magnetic materials gained through many years of experience in this field enables us to produce highly efficient neodymium magnets and ferrite magnets. These in turn result in more compact and lightweight high-performance motors that help to conserve energy.
Switching power supplies serve to produce stable, rectified and controlled from a commercial power source. Notable features include small size, low weight, and high efficiency. products are widely used as power supplies in factory and office automation equipment, equipment, and many other types of electronic devices.
These are the components used in hard disk drives to write and read information. They are manufactured using highly sophisticated thin-film process technology. Data storage applications also include computers and Blu-ray recorders with integrated hard disk drives.
We perform etching of thin stainless steel plates with a thickness from 400 μm thickness to a minimum of 15 μm thickness, using photochemical etching technology. Partial etching and various other shaping processes can also be applied. Applications include precision spring parts and sealing plates and blades for medical equipment.
These actuators employ a structure in which piezoelectric ceramics and internal electrodes are alternately laminated, causing it to expand and contract when a voltage is applied. Usage examples include ink discharge control in inkjet printer heads, auto focus mechanisms in digital cameras and mobile phone cameras, etc.
This is an Ag-Stacked film on which a thin transparent conductive Ag alloy layer is deposited on a film substrate. Possible uses include flexible displays and lighting, transparent electrodes of wearable devices, light control windows (smart windows), (Organic Photovoltaics), and indoor base stations, contributing to the conservation and creation of energy.
This is a one-touch clamp type current sensor used for the distribution board of installations such as Home Energy Management Systems (HEMS), Building Energy Management Systems (BEMS), and Community Energy Management Systems (CEMS).
This is an Ag-Stacked film on which a thin transparent conductive Ag alloy layer is deposited on a film substrate. Possible uses include flexible displays and lighting, transparent electrodes of wearable devices, light control windows (smart windows), (Organic Photovoltaics), and indoor base stations, contributing to the conservation and creation of energy.
This external excitation oscillation type buzzer uses a unimorph piezoelectric element. It produces a loud volume in spite of its small size and low voltage requirements, and is designed for easy mounting on a circuit. Custom types optimized for auto inserters as well as moisture proof types and products equipped with double-sided tape are available.
at a Glance for Investors
TOPOnly a full understanding of the material makes this possible.
What characterizes as a company is the fact that we have the technology to create electronic components from scratch, starting with materials developed in-house.
This requires a deep understanding of the properties of the respective materials.
We also are a world leader in sophisticated techniques for producing highly precise components with tiny dimensions.
The result is unparalleled products that only can make.
Five core competences for producing cutting-edge electronic components.
Manufacturing ferrite and other magnetic materials is where has its origins. Add multilayering of electronic components, thin-film techniques, and spintronics where the rotation of electrons is controlled individually.
Furthermore, harnesses a wide range of nanotechnologies in the quest to further expand the potential of magnetics.
Multifaceted advances are born out of these five core competences.
Materials technologyAccumulating more than 80 years of know-how and history.
TDK’s materials technology pursues the characteristics of the source material from the atom level on up, to meet highly sophisticated needs.
For example, materials design is based on carefully controlled ratios of main material and minute additives to realize exactly the required properties on a high level.
wealth of research and extensive experience accumulated over a period of more than 80 years makes this possible.
outdistances competitors on the strength of its proprietary tech power.
Process technologyRealizing control on the nanometer level.
Process technology is the science of getting the best out of the characteristics of the material.
Thin-film technology and spintronics are just two examples where manipulation on the order of nanometers (one billionth of a meter) is employed to create state-of-the-art electronic components.
An example is the creation of a thin film on a wafer to form an electrode, coil, or head element.
The method is applied to heads, thin-film components and other products.
Evaluation and simulation technologyAccurately analyzing the ultra-fine aspects of a process.
Even the most advanced materials and process technology would not lead to successful product development without accurate analysis and simulation techniques.
Starting from material analysis, evaluation and simulation technology is widely applied to assess structural and thermal aspects, analyze electromagnetic field properties, and perform noise measurement and design noise countermeasures using an anechoic chamber.
Ultra-precise methods are needed for evaluating ultra-fine technology.
Product DesignProduct design technology combines expertise with innovation to create new ideas.
Product design uses insight into how our products are used, integrating materials and electronic components from our many product lines, to create electronic devices and modules with safe, optimal configurations. It also encompasses software design that harnesses the full features of those devices and modules.
Additionally, supplies energy units which combine power conversion, storage, and energy control functions. These integrated solutions have quickly become crucial for life in a sustainable society.
Production technologyBuilding even the manufacturing equipment in-house.
Excellent products can only come from excellent manufacturing facilities.
not only develops innovative manufacturing techniques but realizes these by building much of the required equipment in-house. This is the key to the superior Monozukuri craftsmanship for which is famous.
The policy of (Quality, Cost, Delivery) is being further strengthened to create a system of integrated production extending from source material to finished product.
Realizing the same outstanding quality regardless of location.
is aiming for a unified Monozukuri standard. This involves the realization of a "location-free" concept whereby products of exactly the same quality level can be manufactured at any of our sites around the globe.
Building upon our expertise in mechatronics gained through the manufacture of electronic components, supplies load ports for various wafer sizes and flip-chip bonders as well as various other advanced factory automation equipment.
Industrial robots and the production line itself are equipped with a multitude of sensors that enable management of production status and quality in real time.
The collected data are analyzed in the cloud, making it possible to eliminate non-conformances and predict and avert possible breakdowns.
at a Glance for Investors
Explanation of risks that could have an impact on TDK’s business and performance
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
Always take a new step forward with a vision in mind.
Always try to build trust.
was founded in 1935, based on the founder's vision and belief - "contribute to the advancement of the society through the commercial production of ferrite, a magnetic material which originates from Japan".
			achieved four world-class innovations including "ferrite, magnetic tape, multilayer materials, magnetic heads", and has been offering products to support the advancement of the society.
			will continue to strive to achieve further innovation and create value for customers through the delivery of outstanding quality products and services, by utilizing the diverse global resources.
			Based on TDK's corporate motto, will continue to "contribute to culture and industry through creativity", by revitalizing and protecting the global environment and creating a pleasant and safe society. 
- Strong determination to contribute to our customers’ success 
- Passion to be a trusted partner for our customers
Therefore we can;
- Offer outstanding quality products, services and technology to satisfy our customers
- Culture to turn adverse challenges into chances to develop ourselves 
- Strong determination to accomplish our business goals by overcoming adversity
Therefore we can;
- Accept challenges to make innovative breakthroughs and continue to create new value
- Lead our colleagues and collaborate as a team by sharing the same value
- Aspiration to continuously improve ourselves
- Motivation to contribute to the advancement of society and growth of businesses
Therefore we can;
- Define clear vision/goals and drive ourselves to achieve them
- Support the development of our colleagues and build enthusiastic teams
Therefore we can;
- Embrace different ideas and opinions
- Clearly express our opinions with sincerity through open discussions
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
General Manager of Humidifier Countermeasures HQ
Chief Executive Officer of Electronic Components Business Company, in charge of Magnet Products
General Manager of & Management System HQ, in charge of Flash Memory Applied Devices Business Division, & Engineering Business Division
General Manager of Corporate Strategy HQ
Chief Financial Officer of Electronic Components Business Company, and General Manager of Europe HQ
Chief Executive Officer of Sensor Systems Business Company
General Manager of Electronic Components Sales & Marketing Group, and General Manager of Automotive Group of Electronic Components Sales & Marketing Group
General Manager of Quality Assurance HQ
Deputy General Manager of Electronic Components Sales & Marketing Group, and General Manager of Group of Electronic Components Sales & Marketing Group
Chief Executive Officer of Magnetic Heads Business Company, and General Manager of Components Business Group of Magnetic Heads Business Company
General Manager of Production Engineering HQ, and Deputy General Manager of Technology and Intellectual Property HQ, and General Manager of Intellectual Property Rights Center of Technology and Intellectual Property HQ
General Manager of Human Resources HQ
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
was established in 1935 as a venture business born out of academic research. The goal: to develop the world’s first commercialization of the magnetic material “ferrite.” Ferrite had been invented at the Tokyo Institute of Technology, but its possibilities were as yet unknown.
was driven by a belief in its potential and a desire to create something unprecedented that would change the world. This dream has been realized and as the electronics industry continues to grow in size and influence, will continue to be an important agent of change.
Throughout the eight decades since the company’s founding, and bolstered by our strong foundation in magnetics technology derived from ferrite, has been steadfastly pursuing the development of products that have true value. Keeping alive the venture spirit that defined our beginnings, we have taken up the challenge of exploring new technologies while maintaining a strong dedication to craftsmanship as embodied in the Japanese Monozukuri concept— a dedication to quality and a new era of electronic craftsmanship. This enabled us to create an ongoing succession of innovative and valuable products.
Today, TDK’s product portfolio comprises ferrite cores, coils, transformers, ceramic capacitors, sensors, magnetic heads, magnets, power supplies, batteries and many other electronic components and devices.
The age of the truly smart society where people’s lives and the world of industry are sustained by extremely sophisticated networks is about to begin. In order to help build these new social frameworks, is focusing on (Information and Communication Technology), automotive, as well as the industrial equipment and energy sectors. At the same time, we are entering the wearables and healthcare markets, aimed at supporting a healthy, satisfying and productive lifestyle. Sensors and actuators, energy units, and next-generation electronic components are important for this segment and will be the focus of our expansion efforts.
The strength and reach of TDK’s global network, which links more than 30 countries and regions around the globe, will speed up the development and marketing of innovative products.
at a Glance for Investors
The logo, a representation of the Group's identity, is displayed at landmark sites in major cities around the world as a part of the group's corporate branding activities.
has an advertisement installed on the One Times Square building, which is located at the intersection of 7th Avenue and Broadway in Manhattan, the central district of New York City. There are numerous billboards installed on the exterior walls of buildings in this area and many advertisements, large displays, and electronic billboards for global corporations, creating an atmosphere that represents shopping districts not only in America, but around the world. Times Square is extremely well known as a tourist spot and a site for disseminating information. It is also famous for the countdown on New Year’s Eve, and scenes of the countdown are broadcast throughout the world, providing global exposure to TDK’s neon sign.
Video of the neon set up in the One Times Square building can be seen.
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
In addition to basic information on stock, information available on share distribution, major shareholders (top 10), etc.
Share price information for stock listed in Tokyo Stock Exchange
Latest articles of inand share handling regulations available in format
List of analysts of securities companies who make recommendations and reports of TDK’s performance, etc.
Outline of already issued corporate bonds, including term and interest rate
at a Glance for Investors
at a Glance for Investors
