Find Your Solution
Webinars
Formulating Surfactant Blends
Optimized surfactant formulations for maximum recovery
January webinar:  Application of Sponge Iron in Permeable Reactive Barriers
Touchdowns Take Team Work
 Enhancing Bioremediation
We research, develop and commercialize innovative soil and groundwater remediation solutions through university and professional relationships to meet the advancing technological requirements at contaminated sites.
We have a passion for supporting our clients and regularly present webinars, short courses, seminars and training workshops on soil and groundwater remediation.                                                                                                                                                   
Featured Remediation Approach 
Advanced Surface Kinetics (TASK™) liberates and captures them with enhanced recovery techniques.
Petroleum Hydrocarbons
Soil Remediation
Dissolved Contaminant Anaerobic Remediation
Source Zone Remediation
Dissolved Contaminant Aerobic Remediation
Surfactant-Enhanced Aquifer Remediation
In Situ Sorption and Biodegradation
In Situ Chemical Reduction (ISCR)
Enhanced Anaerobic Bioremediation
Enhanced Aerobic  Bioremediation
Biodegradation
Emitters
The Waterloo Emitter is a simple, low cost device designed for the bioremediation of contaminated groundwater. Sized to fit 2", 4" and 6" wells and boreholes, can be installed in stacks vertically or horizontally to ensure full coverage of the contaminant plume. The controlled release of oxygen and various other amendments encourage and sustain the growth of microorganisms required for bioremediation.
Bioremediation
Nutrisulfate® is a high sulfate metabolic supplement designed to enhance the kinetics and efficiency of microbial systems specifically related to bioremediation of BTEX, MTBE, and other petroleum hydrocarbons.
Surfactant-Enhanced
Aquifer
is the worldwide distributor of the leading surfactant technology, 
 (Advanced Surface Kinetics) and related products, including the patented methods for 
 surfactant and chemical oxidation flushing.
Customizable
Looking for a solution? offers Höganäs’ Cleanit® technology, a unique, engineered media that has extremely high porosity, surface area and reactivity, providing exceptional performance.
Enhanced reductive dechlorination (ERD) requires adding sufficient organic substrate (electron donor, such as 
, and nutrients, such as 
) to satisfy electron acceptor demand from both inorganic and organic compounds (i.e. chlorinated solvents) in the treatment zone.
ISCR
 Chemical Reduction (ISCR) is an innovative remediation technique used for soil and/or groundwater remediation to reduce the concentrations of targeted contaminants to acceptable levels.
Thank You! Your message has been sent.
Environmental, LLCQuestion 1: Type of Organization?
Environmental, of 109 17th Street, Suite #3880, Cheyenne Wyoming 82001 with offices at 1116 Colonial Club Road, Wake Forest, North Carolina 27587 is a closely held Wyoming limited liability company.
is a small business enterprise.  Our North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 562910 with a small business size standard of less than 500 employees.  
For Federal Projects, is registered with System for Award Management ( ), the Official Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCR/FedReg, ORCA, and EPLS.
Payment in full is due in Dollars prior to shipment unless Buyer has been approved for credit terms or payment. will accept payment via wire transfer or company check.   Payment terms for approved open accounts are Net 30 days.  copy of our Terms and Conditions of Sale is available for download at this link .
Question 5: In what states do you charge sales tax?
is registered to collect sales tax and will automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders delivered to addresses within California, Florida, Illinois, North Carolina, Texas, Wisconsin, and Wyoming, unless the Buyer submits a valid Resale Certificate or Tax-Exempt Certificate, and indicates which products are covered by it at the time an order is placed. For all other locations, the Buyer will be responsible for remitting applicable sales/use tax.
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
+1 307 638 2823Director, Business Development
Sherri is Director of Business Development for the focused on customer care and business development.
Gary is a founder and Managing Partner based in North Carolina with more than three decades of experince in soil and groundwater remediation.  
Aaron is a founder and partner based in Ontario, Canada.  Aaron oversees strategic partnerships while coordinating between our regional account managers and technical experts to ensure the development and delivery of appropriate action plans and solutions to clients.
As a professional engineer, John brings over 35 years of corporate management and international experience, having lived and worked both in North America and overseas.
Manager, Technical Services
David is focused on the remediation of complex soil and groundwater sites impacted by non-aqueous phase liquids.
Sangho Bang, Ph.is focuosed on developing surfactant formulations for Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) and Surfactant Enhanced Aquifer Remediation (SEAR).
has built a record of successful client service by attracting creative scientists, engineers and customer care professionals. We have the necessary experience and expertise to deliver innovative applications of proven and emerging scientific and engineering technologies. Our associates and partners have worked on hundreds of in situ remediation projects around the world on a variety of contaminants and subsurface conditions. All our engineers hold professional registrations, and several have over three decades experience in soil and groundwater remediation.
Our technical associates actively participate and donate time to the Interstate Technology and Regulatory Council (ITRC), a public-private coalition working to reduce barriers to the use of innovative technologies that reduce compliance costs and maximize cleanup efficacy.
Clients choose based on our record of providing sound advice, recommendations, and solutions of exceptional value. Why not leverage our experience and lessons learned on your next remediation project?.
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
+1 307 638 2823was founded in 2011 to provide technology-based solutions combined with unparalleled technical support to increase remediation effectiveness and decrease remediation costs. Our focus is the remediation of soil and groundwater impacted with:
We partner with our clients to mitigate risks and deliver technology-based solutions to manage complex, challenging liabilities.  Our business model is to support the consulting community with experience and resources to implement projects utilizing innovative and emerging technologies.  We look forward to helping you develop the optimally cost-effective, remediation approach.
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
Find Your Solution
Webinars
 (electron donor solution – extended release) by is a vegetable oil that self emulsifies on contact with water. 
 is 100% fermentable and contains no water, which allows reducing shipping costs. 
 contains food grade soybean oil and food grade vegetable oil derived fatty acid esters but does not contain preservatives. All components are classified as Generally Recognized as Safe (GRAS). When mixed with water, 
 has a neutral pH, which means you do not have to adjust the pin the field. Low pformulations provided by other vendors can inhibit microbial growth. Also in 2011, commercialized 
, an all-natural bio-fermentation product produced during the fermentation of an unmodified strain of botanical classification Saccharomyces cerevisiae. 
 is designed to enhance the kinetics and efficiency of microbial systems. Another advantage of 
 is that it also provides a source of soluble donor, it contains over 12% Total Carbon and also maintains circumneutral pH.
Surbec and announced the signing of a Distribution Agreement between the two firms. Under the terms of the agreement, markets, promotes and serves as the worldwide distributor of Surbec’s leading surfactant technology and related products. The patented anionic surfactant formulations have the unique ability to selectively desorb and liberate sorbed petroleum hydrocarbons from soil and fractured bedrock surfaces.
further expands it's corporate partnerships to include SiREM, a subsidiary of GeoSyntec Consultants.  Siprovides tools professionals need to optimize remediation of chlorinated solvents and other recalcitrant chemicals, helping clients save money, increase remediation effectiveness and provide peace of mind during field implementation.
The United States Patent and Trademark Office granted a patent for soil or groundwater remediation using a self-nanoemulsifying oil. The issuance of this patent further validates the innovative nature of Tersus’ electron donor technology platform and family of biotechnology-based solutions to manage complex, challenging liabilities.  Officially granted on April 12, 2016, the patent number for bioremediation of soil and groundwater is #9,309,136 B2. The patent application was filed on June 12, 2014 (14/120,646) by Partners John Archibald, P.Eng and Gary Birk,  Also that year, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration issue a license (DN-1205) to for Patent Application Nos. 6,664,298 and 7,037,946.  These patents relate to Zero-Valent Metal emulsions of reductive dehalogenation of DNAPLs.
Antea®Group, a global engineering and consulting firm, and entered into Exclusive License Agreement for Patent No. 7138060.   Under the terms of the agreement, will make, market, promote and sell products for sulfate-enhanced bioremediation of contaminated groundwater.   The patent includes a process for using high concentrations of sulfate to stimulate biodegradation of petroleum hydrocarbons (PHCs), other aromatic hydrocarbons and other contaminants susceptible to sulfate-reducing bacteria.
secures five patents for in-situ surfactant and chemical oxidant flushing. The patents relate to methods for remediating subsurface contaminants through the use of in-situ surfactant and chemical oxidant flushing for complete remediation of contaminants and methods of using same, for which Letters Patent of the United States were issued for Patent No. 6,913,419 on July 5, 2005, Patent No. 7,021,863 on April 4, 2006, Patent No. 7,364,386 on April 29, 2008, Patent No. 7,708,496 on May 4, 2010, and Patent No. 7,677,836 on March 16, 2010. also secures a non-exclusive sublicense to the Innovative Technologies, Inc. (IET) United States Patent Nos. 7,531,709 and 7,129,388 (the '709 and '388 patents). The Agreement enables to develop and commercialize products for
 chemical reduction (ISCR).
Thank You! Your message has been sent.
Environmental, LLCWe research, develop, and commercialize innovative soil and groundwater remediation solutions through university and professional relationships in order to meet the increasing technological demands at contaminated sites. Our proven technologies help our clients reduce uncertainty, minimize risks, and achieve cost-effective results.
We are dedicated to supporting our clients by delivering outstanding customer service every day. is not focused on a specific technology and offers the right solution for your specific site needs. We look forward to helping you develop the most cost-effective and optimally performing remediation approach. 
Always innovating
Our clients’ needs are constantly changing, so we continually seek new and better ways to mitigate their risks and deliver technology-based solutions to manage complex, challenging liabilities. We accomplish this by bringing new talent into our firm, acquiring or licensing patented technologies, and developing new technologies either in-house or in conjunction with academic institutions and other companies. No matter the challenge, we focus on delivering cost-effective and sustainable solutions to achieve lasting results.
As a customer-focused company, Tersus's steadfast mission is to ensure our clients are clients for life. Our corporate culture is based on the following core values::
3Quality: no matter how effective our services, processes, and performance, we are dedicated to constantly improving. We strive for excellence in our product and service offerings. We routinely benchmark our own operations and re-align our processes to meet the high standards we set for ourselves.
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
+1 307 638 2823provides surfactant formulations  specific to site geochemistry and composition. Our TASK™ chemistry is based on a fundamental understanding of microemulsions and capillary phenomena.
The force that prevents from flowing inside an aquifer is called the capillary force. This force arises because of the high energy surface that exists between oil and water. Because physical systems move to the lowest energy environments (thermodynamics), the oil and water seek to minimize the contact between them. The cannot flow because flowing involves increasing the area of contact.
Surfactants can help increase the rate of removing from an aquifer by two different mechanisms. One mechanism is called solubilization. Here, surfactant micelles provide little mobile pools of oil that can dissolve some of the NAPL, so it can be removed within the flowing groundwater. This will work but requires that the volume of surfactant exceeds the volume of NAPL, which can be very expensive.
The other way that surfactants help remove is to lower the energy of the area of contact between the oil and water. The interfacial tension between the oil and water is direct measure of the energy of the interface. When surfactants adsorb at the oil/water interface, the energy of the interface decreases. When the energy of the interface decreases, the barrier that prevents the from flowing in the subsurface also decreases and more of the can be pumped directly to the surface as a separate non-aqueous phase liquid (NAPL).
Because there is a direct connection between oil/water interfacial tension and mobilization of subsurface NAPL, focuses its formulation efforts on minimizing the interfacial tension between the oil and water. Therefore, we always request samples of site groundwater, site NAPL, and site soil before finalizing a site-specific surfactant formulation. Laboratory testing with site materials results in a surfactant system which produces the lowest possible oil/water interfacial tension.
Now as it happens, the phase behavior of systems containing oil, water and surfactants is reliable guide to finding the lowest possible interfacial tension. This always occurs in the presence of what we call a middle phase microemulsion, a separate thermodynamic phase that contains roughly equal amounts of oil and water, stabilized by layers of surfactants. When the surfactant system is a little too water soluble, the surfactant pulls the oil into the water and forms a swollen water phase that we call an oil-in-water microemulsion. When the surfactant is a little too oil soluble the surfactant pulls water into the oil phase and forms a water-in-oil microemulsion. However, when the surfactant is balanced in its affinity for the and the groundwater, it forms the middle phase microemulsion. The lowest possible NAPL/groundwater interfacial tension is always found under the conditions where the middle phase microemulsions forms; consequently, the maximum possible mobilization of aquifer will occur with a surfactant formulation that produces a middle phase microemulsion. When we receive site and groundwater, it uses those materials to assure that the surfactant formulation shipped to the site always produces a middle phase microemulsion.
While minimizing oil/water interfacial tension is critical to maximizing mobilization and minimizing the amount of surfactant required, it also has another significant benefit: it simplifies the treatment and disposal of the produced oil and water. We often can design systems that use 0.9% by weight surfactant.
Most people know surfactants as additives that are used to stabilize oil/water emulsions; but not all surfactant formulations will produce stable oil/water emulsions. In fact, the most stable oil/water emulsions are formed by surfactant systems that produce oil-in-water microemulsions, where the surfactant is a little too water soluble. Emulsion stability decreases if the oil/water interfacial tension becomes too low and the oil drops no longer have a stable, spherical shape. This is exactly what happens in the middle phase microemulsion systems. The interfacial tension becomes too low for the oil drops to have a stable shape; thus, an emulsion made from oil and water in the presence of a middle phase surfactant system will break spontaneously. This eliminates the need to add chemical additives or use off-site disposal of a large volume of contaminated groundwater.
Consequently, first develops an effective middle phase surfactant formulation to create an ultra-low interfacial tension between the site and the site groundwater, and then we tweak the formulation to produce a fast-breaking emulsion.
Because of our carefully designed laboratory testing and formulation process, ships to your site a surfactant formulation that will simultaneously produce an ultra-low NAPL/groundwater interfacial tension, thereby maximizing the mobilization of in the aquifer, while also producing only fast breaking NAPL/groundwater emulsions that can be broken easily on the surface, reducing off site waste disposal and increasing the opportunity to recycle the recovered NAPL.
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
+1 307 638 2823We work hard every day to make the world's most respected in situ remediation products provider.  To support that effort, we offer a comprehensive suite of training opportunities to our clients and guests from within the soil and groundwater remediation community.  We have a passion for supporting our clients and regularly present webinars, short courses, seminars and training workshops on soil and groundwater remediation.  Our educational events bring together scientists, engineers, regulators, site managers and other professionals from government, academia, service and R&firms to advance the state-of-the-practice.
We know that all educational events are created equal. Our webinars, short courses, seminars and training workshops are taught by people who really know in situ remediation and are eager to share their knowledge with you.  At our events you will connect directly with industry leading practitioners as they highlight the latest ideas for contaminant source area delineation, bioremediation and sustainable remediation technologies.  list of events which are open for registering are available at this  Link .
We present to groups of all kinds and are available to present tailored presentations to the technical and project needs of the audience.
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
Find Your Solution
Webinars
Advancing science with world-leading scientific advisers in soil and groundwater remediation 
Ph.D.
Associate Professor, Kavli Fellow, National Academy of Sciences (NAS, Department of Engineering and Earth Sciences, Clemson University
Research Interests: anaerobic microbial ecology, emphasizing basic microbial physiology and its role in biodegradation and biofuel production and how it can be adapted for specific applications.
Ph.D.
Asahi Glass Chair of Chemical Engineering, George Lynn Cross Research Professor, University of Oklahoma
Research Interests: ranges from applied areas such as enhanced oil recovery (chemical flooding), remediation (
 ground water remediation) or consumer products, to basic areas such as microemulsion theory and surfactant precipitation, which support the large number of industries that utilize surfactants.
Ph.D.,
Associate Professor & Mewbourne Chair in Petroluem Engineering, University of Oklahoma
Research Interests: Enhanced oil recovery, Chemical flooding, Surfactant and colloid science for petroleum production
Thank You! Your message has been sent.
Environmental, LLCOur proven technologies help our clients reduce uncertainty, minimize risks, and achieve cost-effective results.
We have a passion for supporting our clients by delivering outstanding Customer Service every day.  Not focused on a single technology, offers the right solution for your site-specific needs.  We look forward to helping you develop the optimally cost-effective, remediation approach.
Soil and Groundwater Remediation of:
Petroleum Hydrocarbons
Thank You! Your message has been sent. Something went wrong, please try again later.
