“believe in product immensely. There is no question that boards need a third party, legitimate, independent benchmark…”
provides directors with independent, world-class evaluation tools to assess, enhance, educate and benchmark effectiveness of your boards, committees and directors.
Created in collaboration with market experts in evaluation, survey research and governance, our scientific, accredited and comprehensive solutions will provide you with a clearer understanding of how your is performing, will enhance and streamline your entire evaluation process, and ultimately lead to improved corporate governance and better financial results.
goal of Index is to help your be best it can be by assessing and enhancing its effectiveness. Index helps directors and officers of public and private companies assess and enhance overall effectiveness of your by focusing on structure and composition, role of directors and leadership of board.
Governance Committee Index helps you determine how to make your Governance and Nominating Committee more effective and demonstrate good practice to your constituencies and markets
Protiviti® Risk Oversight Meter™ allows your of directors to assess, improve and benchmark effectiveness of your risk oversight processes. More importantly, it allows directors to be confident they are effectively overseeing risk.
Director Index is designed to help directors become more effective and optimize their performance objectively, safely and securely.
Fiduciary Index module allows boards of directors to assess strengths of their investment policies and highlight areas for improvement.
Keys to Risk Management are Knowledge, Transparency and Accountability
goal of Norwegian Index is to help your be best it can be by assessing and enhancing its effectiveness.
Boards of directors can spell difference between success and failure. Great boards mean great companies. In Book, author and founder, Susan Shultz combines over 30 years of experience and expertise in corporate governance to help you learn how to avoid 10 most common mistakes and create a strategic force in your company’s success.
Recent PostsAssess Performance, Benchmark Best Practices and Corporate Governance
You can Build a Better Can Show You How
can make or break your business. Using industry’s first and only accredited web-based solutions for education and evaluation, Institute’s validated tools are proven to improve effectiveness of your board, your committees, and your company.
Your better is just a few clicks away.
provides directors with independent, world-class evaluation tools to assess, enhance, educate and benchmark effectiveness of their boards, committees and directors. As a director, you must be able to assess your board’s strengths, weaknesses and opportunities based on a valid industry standard.
Created in collaboration with leading market experts in evaluation, survey research and governance, our scientific, accredited and comprehensive solutions will provide you with a clearer understanding of how your is performing, will enhance your entire evaluation process, deliver targeted education, and ultimately lead to improved corporate governance and better financial results.
We understand risks faced by members. Those who ignore best practices for effective management do so at their own peril. Those who improve their boards will reap rewards of higher performance.
We provide a diagnostic system to help directors stay current, identify priorities, and benchmark effectiveness of your board. Now, you can fulfill assessment and director education mandates with a single, easy to use, independent, web-based solution.
John Boehner’s ‘Evolution’ On Marijuana Could Come With Huge Payday – For Him And Weed Industry
Vanguard Open Governance Letter to Companies
How Private Equity Can Help Build Your Of Directors
Free demoAssess Performance, Benchmark Best Practices and Corporate Governance
Partnering with is your pathway to thought leadership in Corporate Governance
partnership with provides your company opportunity to offer your clients gold standard of evaluation tools—providing them with benefits that come from our superior methodology and benchmarking—better communication, clearer decision-making, improved corporate results and reduced risk.
provides independent, comprehensive, on-line, customizable, enterprise risk management solutions to help boards become more effective. Rather than focus on external metrics and compliance mandates, benchmarks inner workings of a to focus on areas they can control now. TBI’s evaluation tools are director-driven, web-based surveys and analyses. tools are designed to validate good boards, highlight strengths, reveal barriers to effective governance, and, in collaboration with leading members and governance experts, provide information about response ranges and private commentary as well as pertinent rules, regulations and best practices for approximately 70 issues addressed in each Index.
If you would like to help in our mission to improve performance, please call us at 
CyberVista is a cybersecurity training and workforce development company whose mission is to create a cyber-ready workforce through personalized training programs that provide organizations with people, knowledge and skills required to defend their most critical assets. With parent Graham Holdings Company and sister company Kaplan, Inc.’s innovative education technologies and personalized approach to learning, CyberVista offers a new vision for board, executive, and workforce cybersecurity education. For more information, visit 
Founded in 1946, Society of Governance Professionals is a professional association of over 3,300 governance professionals who serve 1,800 public, private and not for profit companies of most every size and industry. Members are responsible for supporting their of directors and executive management in matters such as practices, compliance, regulation and legal matters, shareholder relations and subsidiary management.
Society seeks to be a positive force for responsible corporate governance, providing news, research and “best practice” advice and providing professional development and education through seminars and conferences.
is pleased to offer Society members a 20% discount on evaluation tools.
To take advantage of special discounts offered to Society members for annual subscriptions, please go to: 
) is a global consulting firm that delivers deep expertise, objective insights, a tailored approach and unparalleled collaboration to help leaders confidently face future. Through its network of more than 70 offices in over 20 countries, Protiviti and its independently owned Member Firms provide clients with consulting solutions in finance, technology, operations, data analytics, governance, risk and internal audit.
Protiviti has served more than 60 percent of 
 companies. firm also works with smaller, growing companies, including those looking to go public, as well as with government agencies. Protiviti is a wholly owned subsidiary of Robert Half (NYSE: RHI). Founded in 1948, Robert Half is a member of S&500 index.
 is a global human resources association focused on compensation, benefits, work-life and integrated total rewards to attract, motivate and retain a talented workforce. Founded in 1955, WorldatWork provides a network of more than 30,000 members and professionals in 75 countries with training, certification, research, conferences and community. It has offices in Scottsdale, Arizona, and Washington, D.C.
Part of Financial Executive International, identifies, develops and provides leading-edge information through objective research for members and FERF-supporter community. Financial Executives International is leading advocate for views of corporate financial management. Its 15,000 members hold policy-making positions as chief financial officers, treasurers and controllers. enhances member professional development through peer networking, career management services, conferences, teleconferences and publications. Members participate in activities of 84 chapters, 73 in and 11 in Canada. Visit 
Since its founding in 1979, Center for Effective Organizations (CEO) has conducted cutting-edge research on a broad range of organizational effectiveness issues. leading university-based action-research center, CEO, has conducted research that influences how organizations are managed while also making important contributions to academic research and theory from its inception. Center for Effective Organization’s pioneering research in areas of organizational design and effectiveness has earned it an international reputation for research that bridges gap between academic theory and management practice. 
fi360 promotes a culture of fiduciary responsibility and improves decision-making processes of investment fiduciaries and other financial service providers.  Their solutions include educational training programs, and professional designations, analytical and reporting technology and ongoing support for all types of fiduciaries and financial service providers, including advisors, wealth managers, plan sponsors, trustees, brokers, accountants, lawyers and more.  To learn more about fi360, please, visit their website at 
is an independent global assessment and certification organization. It works closely with investment fiduciaries and industry experts to provide comprehensive assessment programs to improve risk management for institutional and retail investors. certification helps determine trustworthiness of investment fiduciaries.  As a certifying organization, provides an independent recognition of a firm’s conformity to a defined Standard of Practice. It implies that a firm can demonstrate adherence to industry’s best practices and is positioned to earn public’s trust. This registration serves investors who require assurance that their investments are being managed according to commonly accepted best practices. To learn more, please, visit their website at 
Cambridge Senior Executives have over 26+ years’ experience in asset management and in advising clients on fiduciary responsibility and establishing a prudent investment process.  Having obtained designation as an Accredited Investment Fiduciary Analyst™ from Fi 360, founding member, Roger Levy is equipped to perform both Fiduciary Checkups as well as formal assessments that can lead to registration. To learn more, please, visit their website at 
Founder and of Steinberg Governance Advisors, Inc., Rick Steinberg is an internationally recognized expert on governance, risk management and compliance.  He advises boards of directors of major multinational, large and middle market companies on responsibilities and governance best practices, and senior managements on governance, risk management, control and compliance.  Previously he was a senior partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers and leader of its corporate governance advisory practice.  He also was a founder of PwC’s risk management and control consulting practice and served as its global leader.  And he was a founder and leader of PwC’s Strategic Risk Services practice developing and implementing clients’ risk management processes.
As an expert in internal control and risk management, Steinberg led development of Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of Treadway Commission (COSO) two landmark reports, 
recognized as standards for effective internal control and risk management.
Steinberg has authored numerous other highly acclaimed reports, including 
Corporate Governance and Board—What Works Best,
Governance, Risk Management and Compliance:  It Can’t Happen to Us – Avoiding Corporate Disaster While Driving Success.  
He is quoted in financial press – including 
 and is an active and sought-after speaker by major companies and business and professional organizations.  He has been featured on TV’s 
and has guest lectured at such leading business schools as Auburn, Columbia, Delaware, Duke, MIT, and UCLA.
Steinberg is a member of Open Compliance and Ethics Group Executive Advisory Panel, co-founder of 
 presented by PricewaterhouseCoopers and University of Delaware Center for Corporate Governance, served as a member of Conference Board’s Global Corporate Governance Research Center Advisory and as co-chair of Corporate Member’s Academic Council, and is an Honorary Fellow of of Risk Management.
Mr. Steinberg is a graduate of University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School, and holds an from New York University’s Graduate School of Business
Resource Services is a advisory consulting firm that supports boards and individual directors in shared mission to strengthen governance and oversight. Board, committee and peer evaluation are completed in partnership with and are can be customized. strategic planning and stakeholder relations mapping process is offered for boards and senior management teams. In-boardroom education is offered on a number of topics as well as personality assessment-relationship building processes. Our solutions-oriented consulting done by seasoned directors provides exponential impact that shifts effectiveness into a pervasive loop of improvement.
Visindi is one of key players in Nordic countries within field of executive search, leadership and organizational development and is our partner in creation and distribution of Norwegian Index™ (Norsk Index™).
Visindi is an ancient Norwegian word, which stands for consciousness, wisdom and knowledge.
Visindi was established on 1 October 2004 and has grown steadily since. In summer of 2009 Visindi merged with Trondheim-based company Bonaventura, and at same time established offices in Stavanger and Bergen. company has almost 40 employees who have significant experience in senior management, consulting and leadership positions in private and public sectors.  Visindi is 100% owned by Partners working in company.
company provides a wide number of professional services across a range of industries.  Visindi delivers tailored services in fields of recruitment and selection of senior managers, executives directors, members and other key roles. Further, Visindi runs team and leadership development courses, and provides advisory services, coaching and career counselling for both public and private sectors.
We at are pleased to partner with Sheer Velocity, a boutique, retained executive search firm with offices in Denver, Phoenix, San Francisco and St. Louis.  Sheer Velocity creates exceptional partnerships by pairing state-of-the-art searches with innovative client services like Executive Integration, giving you benefits of higher employee retention and greater ROI.  To learn more about Sheer Velocity, see 
John Boehner’s ‘Evolution’ On Marijuana Could Come With Huge Payday – For Him And Weed Industry
Vanguard Open Governance Letter to Companies
How Private Equity Can Help Build Your Of Directors
Free demoSusan founded Institute, Inc. , with sole purpose of helping to build better boards. Taking this mission and coupling it with her deep experience in management and recruitment, team has developed only professional, independent, web-based suite of tools to help organizations assess, benchmark and enhance their boards of directors and their committees.
Susan Shultz founded Executive Search International, Ltd. in 1981, and has conducted senior level searches nationally and internationally, specializing in building and structuring corporate boards.  She is recognized as a leading expert in corporate governance. She authored highly acclaimed Book: Making Your Corporate a Strategic Force in Your Company’s Success and has been featured in New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Business Week, Today, Strategic Finance, Economist, Magazine and numerous other media.  She also leads Global Practice for Executive Search Worldwide (43 countries), helping public and private companies build better boards of directors.
She has spoken about corporate boards and executive search at Business Roundtable; Economist Forum, Tokyo; Chengdu Chamber of Commerce, China; “Strategies at Private Equity Portfolio Companies”, to private equity executives, New York City; advanced director symposium at Anderson School, UCLA; Women Corporate Directors, Mexico City, Helsinki, Dubai, New Delhi; Commonwealth Club; Canadian Chartered Accountants, Montreal; Financial Executives Int’l Annual Summit, Semantic Annual Symposium; Economist Forum, Tokyo;  US-Asia Investment & Business Expo;  search symposium, Amsterdam, Bogota, and Mexico City, various gatherings; and to many other organizations.
Before establishing her search firm, Susan had a marketing firm, an import-export company, and was a consultant/media director for many state and federal political campaigns. She was a columnist and investigative reporter for Phoenix Magazine for 15 years and has written for numerous other publications. Prior to that, she managed legislation for Rep. William Brock in Washington, Susan received a in Government and Economics from University of Arizona and completed all core graduate work in International Affairs and International Economics at George Washington University.
Susan was Nom. Chair, Phoenix Bank, and director of accredited college subsidiary of TesserAct(Nasdaq). She was President of Charter 100, chaired Phoenix Committee on Foreign Relations for 16 years, is a member of Council on Foreign Relations (NYC), Pacific Council on International Policy (Los Angeles), is Co-Chair of Women Corporate Directors Arizona and is a director of Arizona Technology Council Foundation, Charter 100, and serves on Selection Committee for Arizona Tech Angels. She was President of Arizona Business Leadership Association, a member of SBA’s eight-member National Small Business Development Center Advisory and numerous other boards.
Mark brings to his experience as an author and Professor of Survey Research at ASU, leading charge to continually enhance and optimize unique methodology employed in TBI’s indexes. Mark is creator of 360-degree feedback methodology and author of best-selling book 360 Feedback. Mark is also of TEAMS, Inc., a consulting firm implementing 360-degree approach now in use at more than 100 companies.
Global Consulting on Risk Management and Resilience including to Xerox, BP, Unisys, IBM, General Foods, Texas Instruments, Business International, Aqua Sciences, CollectiveIQ, Emory University, Healthy Home plus Governments of China, Spain and U.S.
of Eisenhower Foundation, Royal Institution World Science Assembly, and American Assembly.
Strategic Advisor to Global NGOs and Government Agencies, including:
Department of Commerce, Council on Competitiveness, Conference Board, Infrastructure Security Partnership.
International organizations including Club of Madrid, with King Juan Carlos and Mikhail Gorbachev, which counts more than 90 former democratic presidents and prime ministers as members, and World Justice Project, founded by to advance Rule of Law, with 500 world leaders from more than 100 countries.
Harvard Law School / University of California at Berkeley
Taught global corporate strategy, risk management, and resilience for corporate boards, executives and graduate students at institutions including Harvard Business School, Columbia University, Yale School of Management, Rotman School of Management at Toronto University, Aspen Institute, and London Business School.
Andrew Wyant, Founder, Story Builder Studios, former President, National Academy of Sports Medicine, DEMANDology, former Vice President, Marketing, LifeLock, University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School.
Ray Eldard, Creative Director, Brand Doctor and Storyteller-in-Chief, Re:Creative, former Creative Director, Contatta, Infusion Soft, LifeLock, National Academy of Sports Medicine, former Writer, Nike, Weber State University.
Brock Lefferts, Brand and Design Manager, WebPT, Graphic Designer, National Academy of Sports Medicine, Light Technology Publishing, Northern Arizona University.
Joy has a diverse background in legal, marketing and project management. That coupled with her in Graphic & Web Design allows her to perform a wide range of duties for Institute.
Carl has been a Junior Appellate Court Judge in Sweden, Legal Affairs Director at Volvo in Brussels, held various senior executive positions at Goodyear International, including Director of Corporate Affairs. For over 25 years Carl has a partner at Lindahl, third largest Swedish law firm and a consultant to Berwin, McGuireWoods and Miller Rosenfalck, London.
Carl is an entrepreneur and has owned, set up, managed and co-managed companies in Europe, Indonesia and He has been a management consultant, a project manager at AID, and lived and worked in seven countries in Asia and Europe. Carl has learnt eight languages and studied at universities at Coimbra, Portugal; Strasbourg, France; Uppsala, Sweden and Harvard Business School. He has been awarded two Master’s Degrees.
Carl has contributed to a smart card innovation for which a patent was obtained, and taught at universities in Europe and He is an author of several books and articles. He has been or is a member of of Directors of listed and private companies in Belgium, Sweden, and as well as charitable companies.
In 1975 Carl set up European Government Business Relations Council, aka Ad Hoc Council.  He is a director of Raoul Wallenberg Committee of U.S., a Liveryman at Worshipful Company of Fuellers, London and Advisor to Relational Thinking, Cambridge, UK.
Viraj Gupta is currently pursuing a in Finance through Arizona State University and is expected to graduate in May 2018. He is a member of Barrett, Honors College as well as Carey Leader’s Academy. Viraj has been ensuring that indexes address most recent and critical legislation passed involving practices. Viraj was born in Hyderabad, India and has lived in Kansas and Delaware prior to settling down in Arizona.
