Together, we can stop Alzheimer's before it starts.
is an independent, nonprofit biomedical research institution dedicated to discovery of precise genomic solutions for human disease.
You can help do what was thought to be unachievable: fundamentally improving health through genomic therapies. Give to today.
brings premium quality research models, expands research presence in China
announces several key milestones in China that will help to empower Chinese biomedical research community.
Shedding light on new treatments for vision, eye problems
Recent success at in delivering corrected genes directly to mouse eye holds promise for safe and effective gene therapy for inherited eye and vision problems.
Pioneering scientist Se-Jin Lee, a leader in study of muscle development, moves his groundbreaking research program to JAX.
About Imagine a world free of devastating disease.  world where cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's – many of conditions that undermine human health – are understood and can be stopped.
Imagine a world free from devastating disease
 — many of conditions that undermine human health — are understood and can be stopped.
At (JAX), we apply passion, innovation and ever-increasing precision to make this vision a reality. We are accelerating disruptive scientific breakthroughs tailored to needs of individual patients and closing in on genetic and molecular courses of disease. We also 
 and empower global biomedical community by providing critical resources, data, tools and services. 
; a Genomic Medicine institute in 
use of mice in biomedical research has contributed dramatically to medical progress.
For inquiries about collaborating with research, please contact 
Bormann, Vice President for Translational Science and Network Alliances
To discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower global biomedical community in shared quest to improve human health. 
Our leadership team drives strategic direction of organization. As a nonprofit organization, is governed by its Board of Trustees.
Join and help lead search for cures through genetics, genomics and precision medicine.  We invite all interested scientists to submit applications for faculty positions.
is leading search for cures through science of genetics, genomics and precision medicine. Learn more about how Laboratory’s scientists are accelerating discovery.
For more than a century, scientists have used mouse as a genetic model of human being to understand our fundamental biology and to identify and test better treatments and cures for most devastating diseases.
Support cutting-edge technology and resources
Your gift to supports our mission to discover precise genomic solutions for disease and empower global biomedical community in our shared quest to improve human health.
Leverages advanced data analytical, statistical and visualization techniques to investigate microbial community composition using 16S,...
Our 43-acre Bar Harbor campus is nestled between Gulf of Maine and mountains of Acadia National Park. Scientists here research the...
Genomic Medicine sits on a 17-acre site on campus of University of Connecticut Health Center. Scientists here investigate how...
provide solutions for computational image analysis.
Utilizes various sequencing technologies and analysis tools to study microbiome of health and disease.
Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
EVENT: Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
Join us to expand your professional skills as you embark on a fulfilling science career.
My work utilizes a combination of high-performance parallel and distributed computing resources, machine learning, and algorithm...
Scholar award offers exceptional early-career scientists opportunity to develop their independent research program at The...
one- to two-year research and education program for students intending on pursuing an advanced degree in science or...
one- to two-year research and education program for students intending on pursuing an advanced degree in science or...
Bioinformatics, Systems Biology, and Genomics in cancers and coronary artery diseases.
Anne Deslattes Mays, Ph.
Asking right questions, building data capture infrastructure leveraging measurement technologies, especially long read sequencing,...
I'm interested in using computational biology to understand how genetic variation influences diseases and aging.
Our 43-acre Bar Harbor campus is nestled between Gulf of Maine and mountains of Acadia National Park. Scientists here research genetic causes of cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, glaucoma and many other diseases and conditions, using mouse as a model.
Our state-of-the-art Sacramento facility provides JAX® Mice and extensive in vivo, cancer and stem cell services to pharmaceutical, life sciences and medical research communities throughout western United States and Canada.
Genomic Medicine sits on a 17-acre site on campus of University of Connecticut Health Center. Scientists here investigate how each piece of genome contributes to health and disease and how our genomes can guide personalized medical care tailored to individual.
Laboratory's Charles Hewett Center is a 134,900-square-foot facility to maintain research mouse models in Ellsworth, Maine.
Laboratory's 43-acre campus is nestled between Gulf of Maine and mountains of Acadia National Park, one mile from downtown Bar Harbor. With a staff of more than 1,500 in Bar Harbor, is Downeast Maine's largest employer. That headcount includes more than 200 Ph.D.s, physicians and veterinarians who staff and support research teams that investigate genetic basis of cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's and many other human diseases and disorders.
From Trenton Bridge at head of Mount Desert Island - 
for Reproducible Scientific Analysis
for Reproducible Scientific Analysis
Workshop on Colony Management: Principles and Practices
Workshop on Techniques in Modeling Human Cancer in Mice
 teams up with Ride For Life to search for cures
 New Alzheimer's mouse models give insight into how human diversity affects disease onset
 Hibernating bears provide clues for kidney regeneration
 brings premium quality research models, expands research presence in China
Laboratory's research institute in Connecticut is transforming medicine by improving care, lowering costs, and increasing life span and health span. Scientists in Connecticut research complex genetic causes of disease and develop genomic solutions tailored to each person's unique genetic makeup.
for Genomic Medicine draws on Laboratory’s eight decades of research in mammalian genetics in partnership with clinical expertise of Connecticut’s universities and hospitals. Genomic Medicine sits on a 17-acre site on campus of University of Connecticut Health Center in Farmington, Conn. 183,500-square-foot facility opened in fall of 2014. It currently houses over 350 biomedical researchers, technicians and support staff in state-of-the-art computing facilities and laboratories.
 Linking therapy to an asthma-driving molecule
 New Alzheimer's mouse models give insight into how human diversity affects disease onset
 brings premium quality research models, expands research presence in China
We are recruiting best and brightest in scientific world to build our research teams in key areas, including cancer and regenerative medicine.
There are more than 60 principal investigators at who lead research teams in disease areas including cancer, reproductive biology, immunology, metabolic processes, neuroscience and microbiome. Our scientists come from laboratories all over world, and we continue to recruit top-notch researchers.
Connecticut Children's Medical Center, for Genomic Medicine, and UConn School of Medicine have made their first joint appointment: distinguished pediatric oncologist and cancer researcher Ching Lau, M.D., Ph.Dr. Lau serves as Professor at JAX, where he specializes in pediatric brain and bone tumor research. He is also Medical Director of Hematology-Oncology at Connecticut Children's and Head of Division of Pediatric Hematology-Oncology in Department of Pediatrics at UConn School of Medicine.
has named medical oncologist Jens Rueter, M.D., to newly created position of medical director for Maine Cancer Genomics Initiative (MCGI), a partnership with community hospitals to help Maine cancer patients and their physicians access precision cancer care. Rueter comes to from Eastern Maine Medical Center Cancer Care and will be based at Harold Alfond Center for Cancer Care of MaineGeneral Health in Augusta.
Internationally recognized geneticist and muscle degeneration expert Se-Jin Lee, M.D., Ph.D., accepted joint faculty appointments at and UConn Health in February. Lee, whose research focuses on muscular dystrophies and other muscle wasting conditions, will establish his at Genomic Medicine. Lee comes to from Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, where he earned his and Ph.degrees. He is a member of National Academy of Sciences, a fellow of American Association for Advancement of Science, and received prestigious Ho-Am Prize in Medicine in 2013.
Christine Beck, Ph., a genomics expert in transposable elements and their impact on human disease, joined Genomic Medicine and UConn Health as their fifth joint-appointed faculty. Beck comes to and UConn Health from Baylor College of Medicine, where she completed her postdoctoral work as a research fellow in of Dr. James Lupski, M.D., Ph.Beck earned her Ph.in human genetics at University of Michigan, and her in biochemistry at Iowa State University. 
Ryan Tewhey, Ph.D., develops new molecular tools to explore areas of genome involved in regulation — turning genes on and off. Tewhey has joined (JAX) faculty as an assistant professor, where he plans to explore those regulatory variants and how they impact health. Tewhey just completed a postdoctoral fellowship at Harvard University and Broad Institute in Cambridge, Mass., where he led a team that improved a technique to precisely “barcode” minute fragments of in order to track their role in contributing to diseases.
Se-Jin Lee, M.D., Ph.D., an internationally renowned geneticist focused on discovering causes and cures for muscle degenerative diseases like muscular dystrophy and muscle wasting conditions resulting from diseases such as cancer and sepsis, will join UConn Health and as a joint faculty appointment.
Connecticut Children's Medical Center, for Genomic Medicine, and UConn School of Medicine have made their first joint appointment: distinguished pediatric oncologist and cancer researcher Ching Lau, M.D., Ph.. Dr. Lau will serve as Professor at JAX, where he will specialize in pediatric brain and bone tumor research.
Genomics pioneer and bioinformatics expert Mark Adams, Ph., joined as director of Microbial Genomic Services. Adams has an extensive background in industry, government, academic and nonprofit settings, where he has focused on applying genomic and bioinformatic approaches to biological research.
has named medical oncologist Jens Rueter, M.D., (left) to newly created position of medical director for Maine Cancer Genomics Initiative (MCGI), a partnership with community hospitals to help Maine cancer patients and their physicians access precision cancer care.
Roeland Verhaak - Computational Biology
Roeland Verhaak, Ph., has been appointed professor and associate director of computational biology at He was based at University of Texas Anderson Cancer Center in Houston and is a recognized leader in big data analysis, with a focus on brain cancer genomics.
For more information, visit jax.org .
