packettes and stick packs.
pouch and packette production.
convenient, portable single-serve flexible
offers the revolutionary package that
total production and logistical system efficiencies.
Your gateway to global packaging innovation.
(Technical Help in Engineering and Marketing) is best known for commercializing Sanko Stick Packaging in the As The Stick Pack Authority, has helped put America’s leading beverage brands in this form of single-serve packaging; a perfect complement to bottled water for ‘on the go’ consumers of all ages. Working in conjunction with Power Packaging, an Exel Company, offers a comprehensive array of services for your brand, including initial concept development and full-scale national or global stick pack production.
Supply chain continuity is the most important aspect of T.H.E.M.’s business model. At our facilities we do everything from sell and service equipment to provide full-scale contract packaging. Our customers rely on us to evaluate materials, determine the right size stick, as well as the most precise method of stick packaging. After sizing up the packaging details, we assess the applicability of the stick by performing a series of tests that validate speeds and production for consumer research samples.
The Global Leader
has provided packaging system solutions to leading consumer goods companies for nearly four decades, is best known for establishing Sanko stick packaging as the dominant form of single-serve stick pack packaging in North America.
brings supply chain continuity to large-scale commercialization through its FDA-registered contract packaging facility. The company's success is predicated on stability, reliability and performance throughout every step of the process.
machinery provides the most innovative, cost-effective packaging solutions in the industry. No matter what the specification, can customize packaging solutions with cutting edge, state of the art machinery.
5 East Stow Road, Marlton, New Jersey 08053
– Your Single Source for Dry and Liquid Single-Serve Products in North America
Technical Help in Engineering & Marketing (T.H.E.M.) is a leading North American provider of flexible packaging solutions to many well-known consumer brands. Marketers and supply chain partners routinely turn to us for access to global technologies, resources, and emerging innovations in single-serve flexible packaging formats.
Working in conjunction with select machinery system and material manufacturers, offers a comprehensive array of packaging solutions for your brand, from initial concept development to full-scale national or global commercial production.
– The Flexible Packaging Authority
has long been recognized for commercializing Sanko Stick Packaging in North America. Stick packs are the ideal single-serve solution for consumers of all ages and a popular package option for Beverage brands, Snack items, Nutraceuticals, Supplements and Personal/Healthcare products. Our leadership, experience and support continues to advance the adoption by America’s leading brands into this convenient, portable packaging format.
Comprehensive Flexible Packaging Resources:
Global network of flexible packaging partners including consumer brand owners, supply chain partners and packaging innovators
Dedicated Research & Development facility with capabilities from pilot production to full-scale commercial contract manufacturing in FDA-certified facilities
Sanko Machinery & integrated system sales for stick pack, pouch and packette production
American adaptation of machinery systems and materials to accommodate compliance, speed and regulatory requirements
Small-to-large volume contract packaging of flexible stick packs, pouches and packettes
Ongoing technical and engineering support on a 24/7 basis
President, Neil Kozarsky and Vice President, Steve Belko helped put America’s leading brands into convenient, portable, single-serve packaging.
5 East Stow Road, Marlton, New Jersey 08053
Quality and Safety
Powder & Granule Packaging Machinery
Liquid & Paste Packaging Machinery
EarthInks
FBR-ELPO
 packages to North America.
Introduction of The Packaging Innovation Gateway, a partnership between Mitsubishi Packaging Association and T.H.E.M., to further help North American consumer package goods companies access emerging Japanese packaging technologies.
Contract packaging services are expanded to include production of stick packs, pouches and packettes, all in both powder and liquid formats
 launched in conjunction with Zip-Pak
Validation of mass supply model
New technology pipeline and commercialization methodologies emerge
1996 – 2003
Technology transfers to North America market occur
First technology transfer to Japan occurs
Consulting & supply chain management
Technical Help in Engineering and Marketing (T.H.E.M.) is founded as one of the first providers of innovative packaging solutions in the U.S.
Quality and Safety
Powder & Granule Packaging Machinery
Liquid & Paste Packaging Machinery
EarthInks
FBR-ELPO
Single serve meals
Sugars and Sweeteners
Nutraceuticals
Energy Products
Direct-to-Mouth (DTM)
Personal Care & Beauty
Talk with one of our experts to find an
Food and Beverages
Single serve meals
Sugars and Sweeteners
Nutritionals and Supplements
Nutraceuticals
Energy Products
Direct-to-Mouth (DTM)
Personal Care & Beauty
Talk with our experts to find an
Delia AssociatesThe Sanko Solution – Sanko & Power Packaging
Working in conjunction with Sanko Machinery Co. –  the inventor of stick packaging and largest manufacturer of stick packaging machinery in the world – provides North American marketers affordable and rapid access to complete, flexible packaging solutions.
This alliance, known as The Sanko Solution®, allows clients to minimize capital and start-up costs with low risk access to flexible packaging that has been adapted to American standards and engineered to client requirements.
has entered into an agreement with Zip-Pak to market Zipbox® on a global basis and to partner in further development of Zipbox® technology and machinery systems.
Zipbox® is the revolutionary packaging innovation that combines the best features of traditional paperboard cartons with the convenience and functionality of zippered pouch packaging.
is the exclusive North American partner of Earthinks, manufacturer of environmentally friendly printing inks and coatings for flexographic and screen-printing on a wide variety of substrates used throughout the food industry.
is committed, as a responsible corporate citizen, to offer sustainable alternatives that are both highly beneficial to our clients and the planet. With this affiliation, continues its efforts to provide products and services that meet the highest levels of both quality and environmental responsibility.
has formed a venture with Australian-based Snapsil Corporation and machinery manufacturer to introduce the Snapsil easy-open portion pack to the North American market.
Snapsil is an innovative semi-rigid container that features a patented audible “snap-opening” function enabling simple and controlled product release for a variety of unit-dose and single-serve consumer products.
Bemis Company, Inc. is a supplier of flexible packaging used by food, consumer products, medical and pharmaceutical companies worldwide. The Snapsil ® easy-open semi-rigid package was introduced through a joint effort between Bemis, Multivac, and Australian-based Snapsil Corporation.
is the North American machinery provider supporting T.H.E.M.’s partnership with Snapsil. MULTIVAC’s thermoforming packaging machines allow brands to benefit from the company’s established and extensive engineering, sales and service network.
FBR-ELPO
the exclusive North American representative of world-class machinery manufacturer FBR-and its aseptic bag-in-box (BIB) filling machines and aseptic processing equipment.
5 East Stow Road, Marlton, New Jersey 08053
As President of T.H.E.M., Neil Kozarsky, frequently travels the globe searching for innovative packaging technologies to introduce to the American marketplace. His leadership resulted in the introduction of the stick pack to the North American market and T.H.E.M.’s continued success. Above all else, Neil values a commitment to preparation, performance and excellence. This dynamic possesses an unending desire for achievement, while holding himself, and to a higher standard. His uncompromising approach is epitomized by the company’s propensity for reinventing global packaging trends and continually evolving as a leading edge company.
As a result of Neil’s vision, has remained a leader in packaging trends, innovative formats and complementary support technologies across international markets. He has fostered a company culture of excellence, which has helped to uniquely position within the global packaging industry.
Steve Belko, Vice President
The Vice President of T.H.E.M., Steve Belko, is widely regarded as one of the leading figures in North American consumer packaging. Steve has led countless new package introductions for top food and beverage organizations over a stellar career that spans over two decades. In addition to numerous patents awarded and packaging system innovations he has helped to achieve, Steve provides invaluable thought leadership to key decision-makers throughout the industry.
Tom Martin, New Business & Contract Packaging GM
Tom Martin leads business development initiatives for T.H.E.M’s contract packaging services group to many of America’s leading food and beverage brands. Tom has more than 35 years in the packaging industry, including many years of experience in pressure sensitive labels, printing packaging, automated equipment and contract packaging for labeling, blisters and sachets. Tom not only brings business development and packaging leadership to T.H.E.M., but also a broad range of expertise in a variety of packaging products and formats.
5 East Stow Road, Marlton, New Jersey 08053
Phone: (800) 322-8436is the authority on emerging global consumer packaging trends, innovative formats and complementary support technologies, which can be considered and applied to the commercial production of your existing products and brands and new line extensions.
With global packaging relationships that date back more than 20 years, and unique sensitivity to the inherent diversity of overseas cultures, functions as an effective gateway to the identification, selection, and acquisition of innovative packaging technologies from around the world.
Proven Technology Transfer Experience & Expertise
has extensive experience in transferring and “Americanizing” packaging technologies, equipment and materials, which are sourced from around the globe to solve the most demanding packaging and manufacturing requirements.
T.H.E.M.’s engineering team supports packaging systems technology transfer from requirements analysis, implementation, and validation all the way through full-scale commercial production to ensure packaging system functionality and output while achieving and maintaining optimum performance levels.
Comprehensive Capabilities… Your Single Source for Single Serve
With comprehensive flexible packaging resources ranging from consultation, engineering support, machinery sales and small-to-mass volume contract packaging, companies and packaging supply chain partners turn to first for single-serve flexible packaging solutions.
Focus on Sustainability
With heightened consumer awareness in the importance of “green” packaging and lowering the impact of packaging production and use on the environment, encourages sustainability in packaging production through:
Ongoing efforts to achieve significant source reduction
Recognizing supply chain impact on space utilization, storage, transportation and distribution
Assuring consumer ability to recycle most, if not all, packaging components
Exclusive partnerships with global companies like Earthinks® that deliver environmentally-friendly solutions
5 East Stow Road, Marlton, New Jersey 08053
