Of the millions of antibodies produced by the human immune system, Sciences’ comprehensive screening technology rapidly identifies the rare few that have evolved to successfully ward off disease. We are working to develop these human monoclonal antibodies as safe and effective therapeutic products.
We invite you to learn more about our technology, development pipeline and company. Welcome to Theraclone.
SciencesHeadquartered in Seattle, is a discovery-stage biotech developing novel therapeutic antibodies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases. Our proprietary discovery platform allows us to comprehensively screen and identify the rare antibodies that select individuals produce to successfully ward off disease.
Central to our discovery approach, we identify antibodies produced naturally by human memory cells in response to disease-causing agents or conditions. This allows us to identify monoclonal antibodies that are likely to be highly effective in combating disease in a broad patient population. The antibodies identified through our discovery process can be further studied as tools for vaccine development, and can yield novel targets.
Our primary research focus is to discover novel targets and antibodies, and develop therapeutic monoclonal antibodies, by using our proprietary B-cell technology platform to mine the immune system of cancer patients who have responded to cancer immunotherapies.
Other advanced development programs are focused on infectious disease including novel antibodies to fight pandemic and seasonal influenza. Our flu program is in partnership with Zenyaku Kogyo Co., Ltd. Also, in partnership with the International Vaccine Initiative, we have identified the most potent and broadly neutralizing anti-antibodies; Gilead has licensed these antibodies for clinical development and commercialization.
is a venture-funded company founded in 2005. Our investors include Venture Partners, Canaan Partners, Healthcare Ventures, Amgen Ventures, MPM, and We are actively seeking development partners in the U.S., Europe, and Japan to help us create and commercialize antibody therapeutic products.
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Stocks joined in December 2011 as Chief Executive Officer. Most recently Mr. Stocks served as Chief Business Officer of Calistoga Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he led the partnering activities and M&teamwork that resulted in the acquisition of Calistoga by Gilead for $600 million in Q2 2011. Mr. Stocks brings more than two decades of experience in the biotech industry, including 15 years at Corporation where he served as an Executive Officer and Vice President of Business Development. While at ICOS, he led acquisitions and joint venture activities, as well as alliance formation, strategy, licensing and deal making. He played an instrumental role on the leadership team that developed and launched Cialis®, and was a key architect of the Lilly joint venture partnership leading to the $2.3 billion acquisition of in 2007. Mr. Stocks's early career includes a turn as a management consultant in the Health Services practice of Booz, Allen & Hamilton, as well as academic research in the department of immunology at the University of Utah and the department of molecular genetics and cell biology at the University of Chicago. He received a Master of Business Administration degree from the University of Chicago, Booth Graduate School of Business and a Bachelor of Science degree in biology from the University of Utah.
Kristine Swiderek, Ph.D.
Dr. Swiderek joined in January 2011 as Vice President of Research. She has over 18 years of research and leadership experience in the Biopharmaceutical Industry and a proven track record of discovering and developing a wide variety of protein therapeutics. Prior to joining Theraclone, Dr. Swiderek was Vice President of Protein Science at Zymogenetics, a Seattle based public biotechnology company specializing in development of protein therapeutics, where she successfully built a world-class protein science department that advanced over a dozen therapeutic molecule candidates to be partnered, out-licensed and into clinical development. Prior to ZymoGenetics, Dr. Swiderek established a state-of-the-art analytical core facility at the City of Hope, National Cancer Center where she collaborated with a group of prestigious scientists. She has authored and co-authored over 60 peer reviewed articles and book chapters and has been a guest speaker at international scientific meetings and conventions. Dr. Swiderek holds a Ph.in Protein Biochemistry from the Ruhr-Universität in Bochum, Germany. She did post doctoral studies at City of Hope, Beckman Research Institute, in Duarte, and the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at Indiana University, Indianapolis, IN.
Chief Financial Officer
Russ Hawkinson joins from Cell Therapeutics, where he was Vice President, Finance and Accounting from 2006 to 2007. From 1995 to 2005, Mr. Hawkinson was Vice President, Finance at Corixa Corporation, where he directed the finance and accounting functions, including all aspects of planning and reporting, operational accounting, and oversight of all SEC-related activities. Prior to Corixa, Mr. Hawkinson was an audit senior manager at Ernst & Young. Mr. Hawkinson received his from the University of Washington.
Sciencescollaborates with strategic development partners to create therapeutically important antibody products. We are actively seeking partners to help us discover, develop and commercialize therapeutics in the setting of oncology and infectious disease. Strategic partnerships can be structured on the basis of disease area(s), collaboration roles, degree of financial risk-sharing, and commercial territory.
For vaccine developers, the I-technology can also be used to assess patients' immune response to new vaccines in the early stages of clinical testing through comprehensive analysis of the cell repertoire.
Demonstrated development capabilities
Influenza antibody program that has completed Phase 2a demonstrating reduction  of viral load and clinical symptoms
To date, we have formed strategic collaborations involving antibodies discovered using our I-technology with Gilead, Pfizer, Zenyaku Kogyo and the International Vaccine Initiative to discover using novel antibodies for the treatment and prevention of disease .
In October 2015, and Anderson launched OncoResponse, an immuno-oncology antibody discovery company to identify therapeutic antibodies against novel targets from immune-oncology treated patients.
In April 2015, and Wellcome Trust initiated a collaboration to identify potential therapeutic antibodies against the Ebola virus utilizing Theraclone’s powerful human memory B-cell interrogation platform.
In July 2014, and Gilead entered into an exclusive license to develop and commercialize products incorporating Theraclone’s broadly neutralizing HIV-antibodies for therapeutic applications in HIV.
In January 2011, and Pfizer initiated an I-collaboration to discover antibodies against up to four undisclosed targets in the areas of infectious disease and cancer. Pfizer has Worldwide licensing rights
In March 2010, and Zenyaku Kogyo Co.,  Ltd. initiated a collaboration to discover and develop broadly protective  antibodies for the treatment of pandemic influenza and severe seasonal  influenza. Zenyaku Kogyo has licensing rights in Japan.
In February 2008, and the  International Vaccine Initiative (IAVI) initiated a collaboration to  discover HIV-neutralizing antibodies. has Worldwide rights to develop  vaccines based on these antibodies
