80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and beverages
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and beverages
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
But what does that actually mean?
We are a community of more than 158,000 colleagues on all continents. Openness, transparency, mutual respect and commitment – these important values form the basis for the way we work together, our relationships with our customers, and our business success.
Three words that describe who we are, what we do, and how we go about doing it.
We have written over 200 years of history. That is the source from which we draw our strength and competence. But a great past is not sufficient for coping with the challenges of the future. Which is why we are thinking today how we want to be tomorrow. And we know today what the world of tomorrow and our customers need. We develop sustainable that are also capable of meeting future challenges. We improve what already functions. And we revolutionize industries if they make people's lives easier and create a competitive advantage for our customers.
We share our knowledge, combine it and use it to create something new – across companies, industries, and countries. Our business activities benefit from the fact that we in our Group network think and work on a cross-company, cross-functional basis. "together" is a pledge we give our customers, our partner companies, and ourselves. We trust and are trustworthy. We are a team. We work together. We learn from each other and advance ourselves together. After all, the really big objectives can only be achieved together.
… is part of our identity. It characterizes the way we think. In the plant, in the office, at every site throughout the world. It means developing for our customers – big and small. Today and tomorrow. As a diversified group we supply reliable products, services and – on schedule, in premium quality, and with a convincing price-performance ratio. In the spheres of mechanics, plant construction, and materials. We know our customers and their markets. We invest in relevant technological innovations, and in doing so make the world a little bit better. We are a reliable partner – that is our pledge.
We have written over 200 years of history. That is the source from which we draw our strength and competence. But a great past is not sufficient for coping with the challenges of the future. Which is why we are thinking today how we want to be tomorrow. And we know today what the world of tomorrow and our customers need. We develop sustainable that are also capable of meeting future challenges. We improve what already functions. And we revolutionize industries if they make people's lives easier and create a competitive advantage for our customers.
We share our knowledge, combine it and use it to create something new – across companies, industries, and countries. Our business activities benefit from the fact that we in our Group network think and work on a cross-company, cross-functional basis. "together" is a pledge we give our customers, our partner companies, and ourselves. We trust and are trustworthy. We are a team. We work together. We learn from each other and advance ourselves together. After all, the really big objectives can only be achieved together.
… is part of our identity. It characterizes the way we think. In the plant, in the office, at every site throughout the world. It means developing for our customers – big and small. Today and tomorrow. As a diversified group we supply reliable products, services and – on schedule, in premium quality, and with a convincing price-performance ratio. In the spheres of mechanics, plant construction, and materials. We know our customers and their markets. We invest in relevant technological innovations, and in doing so make the world a little bit better. We are a reliable partner – that is our pledge.
We have written over 200 years of history. That is the source from which we draw our strength and competence. But a great past is not sufficient for coping with the challenges of the future. Which is why we are thinking today how we want to be tomorrow. And we know today what the world of tomorrow and our customers need. We develop sustainable that are also capable of meeting future challenges. We improve what already functions. And we revolutionize industries if they make people's lives easier and create a competitive advantage for our customers.
Our business: The business areas
We combine the different capabilities of our business areas to create new products and market opportunities for thyssenkrupp.
From left: Oliver Burkhard, Dr. Donatus Kaufmann, Guido Kerkhoff80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Establishment of the cast steel factory by Friedrich Krupp
On November 20, 1811 Friedrich Krupp establishes a factory with two partners for the making of English cast steel and all products therefrom. After he succeeds in making high-quality cast steel (crucible steel) in 1816, he begins production of tanner's tools, coining dies and unfinished rolls. In 1817 the Imperial Mint in Düsseldorf confirms the quality of Krupp cast steel. In 1818 Krupp supplies his first coining die to the Prussian mint head office in Berlin.
First delivery of rolling machines
Following the death of Friedrich Krupp, his widow Therese Krupp continues the running of the company, supported by her relatives and her then 14-year-old eldest son Alfred. Long and complicated tests are carried out to perfect the production of high-quality crucible steel. In 1830 Krupp begins to supply finish-machined rolls instead of his earlier unfinished rolls as these frequently crack due to incorrect machining by customers. The products are supplied with a guarantee of quality.
From 1833 Krupp manufactures complete rolling machines, initially in limited volumes, but after the customs barriers are lifted by the German customs association in 1834 the customer base is expanded. In addition, the purchase of the first steam engine in 1835 lowers production costs. Both these events boost sales and as a result the manufacturing shops are extended. Trips to other European countries attract new customers.
Start of production of railroad equipment
Since the previously manufactured rolls are practically indestructible, demand for them - over the long term - decreases. However, the expansion of the railroads opens up virtually unlimited possibilities for durable cast steel. This triggers the company's first surge of growth. Supplies include axles and springs and in particular the seamless tires developed in 1852/53 by Alfred Krupp - sole proprietor of the company since 1848 - which are able to withstand the increasing running speeds without fracturing. In 1875 Alfred Krupp uses three superimposed tires as his trademark which goes on to become famous throughout the world.
Order for 300 gun barrel ingots from the Prussian military authorities
Krupp has been experimenting with the manufacture of gun barrel ingots since 1847 and in the 1850s supplies individual orders to various customers. The order from the Prussian military authorities in 1859 is a breakthrough in the development of the company's second major production segment. Shortly afterwards Krupp starts production of complete artillery.
Introduction of the Bessemer process
In 1862 Krupp builds the first Bessemer steel plant on the European continent, paving the way for the mass production of rails and steel sheet. This leads to another phase of vigorous expansion for the company. In addition, in 1869 Krupp commissions the first open-hearth furnace in Germany. Using pig iron and scrap charges, it produces steel of higher quality than Bessemer steel which for some products, e.g. railroad tires, can replace the more expensive crucible steel. However, crucible steel remains important for highly stressed machine components and gun barrels.
Acquisition of iron ore deposits, iron and steel mills, and coal mines
The purchase of iron ore mines in the Lahn region triggers the start of the company's expansion into a vertically structured group.
Alfred Krupp wishes to avoid being dependent on external suppliers for his increasing raw materials requirements. In 1865 he acquires the Sayner iron and steel mill near Koblenz from the Prussian treasury, followed over the next few years by other iron and steel mills on the Rhine along with numerous ore mines on the Lahn and in the Westerwald region. To cover coal requirements he leases the Graf Beust colliery in Essen from 1864 - 1884 and buys the Hannover colliery near Bochum in 1872. By buying a share in the Spanish company Orconera Iron Ore Co. he at the same time gains access to low-phosphorus ores which are suitable for the Bessemer process. This means that Krupp is not forced to adopt the new Thomas process for smelting phosphorus-bearing ores, as many other iron and steel mills in the Ruhr area do. To transport the Spanish ore he establishes his own shipping company in Rotterdam in 1873.
Establishment of Thyssen, Fossoul & Co. in Duisburg
In 1867 August Thyssen invests in a company being set up in Duisburg by the Walloon industrialist family Bicheroux - his youngest sister had married into the family. He becomes the first commercial manager of Thyssen, Fossoul & Co., which makes hoop iron for barrels, crates, baling etc. After only four years in which he more than quadruples his investment, Thyssen leaves the company to start his own business.
Establishment of Thyssen & Co. in [Mülheim an der Ruhr-]Styrum
Together with his father as co-owner, on April 1, 1871 August Thyssen establishes the firm of Thyssen & Co. in Styrum near Mülheim an der Ruhr. On October 2, 1871 the company produces its first hoop iron. After the death of his father in 1877 August's younger brother Joseph (1844 - 1915) joins the firm. At first Thyssen & Co. only operates a steel and hoop iron rolling mill. In the course of time the brothers add a steelmaking shop, a tube mill and plate mill with galvanizing shop, a foundry and a machine shop. The latter becomes well-known for the manufacture of large gas machinery. Today the works belongs to Mannesmannröhren-Werke AG.
The "General Directive" on corporate organization
As early as 1862 Alfred Krupp gives powers of attorney to a body of management independent of himself. In 1872 he issues the "General Directive" written by him and revised by the management board, which establishes the internal hierarchy from the supervisor and foreman to the company management, defining their specific duties and functions, and at the same time contains regulations concerning the company welfare schemes.
Krupp strives to alleviate the growing social problems brought about by industrialization by introducing company benefits. As early as 1836 a voluntary sickness and burial benefit fund is set up which is converted into a compulsory sickness and death benefit insurance scheme in 1853. In 1855 a pension fund is established, in 1858 a company bakery, which later evolves into the employees' retail store. From 1856 hostels are built for unmarried workers. 1861 sees the introduction of company dwellings for foremen. Workers' housing estates incorporating schools and branches of the retail store follow in 1863 and from the early 1870s grow apace. In 1870 the company acquires its own hospital.
August Thyssen becomes owner of Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser in Hamborn near Duisburg
From 1883 August Thyssen buys shares in the not especially flourishing coal mine Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser (founded in 1867 as Gewerkschaft Hamborn) and becomes a director of the mine. Its favorable location on the Rhine with its own docks, a link to the railway network and direct access to coal seem to him to be particular advantages in realizing his business ideas. Over the next few years he gradually buys up all the mine's stock. In 1889 he takes over as chairman of the board. On September 29, 1891 August Thyssen announces that together with his brother Joseph he is in possession of all of Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser's stock. year earlier, on August 14, 1890, the board had decided to build a steelmaking shop and rolling mill directly next to pit 3. The growth of Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser into an iron and steel mill with its own coal base begins. The first steel is tapped from the open-hearth furnace on December 17, 1891. Both events of the year 1891 are later seen as the birth date of the Thyssen group. Today the main facility of Thyssen Krupp Stahl is still producing steel at the same site as over a hundred years ago.
Wilheminian period
Acquisition of the Gruson works in Magdeburg
Following the death of his father in 1887, Friedrich Alfred Krupp expands the enterprise into a horizontally diversified concern. In 1886 the company had already acquired the Annen steel mill near Witten. In 1893 the Gruson works in Magdeburg is purchased (takeover agreement of 1892). In 1896/1902 Krupp takes over the Germania shipyard in Kiel (Schiff- und Maschinenbau Germania). Here Krupp takes up the construction of diesel engines in 1906 - Rudolf Diesel, in collaboration with Krupp and Maschinenfabrik Augsburg having developed the first working diesel engine in 1897.
First blast furnaces built in [Duisburg-]Hamborn: Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser expanded to an integrated iron and steel mill
In 1895 August Thyssen takes the final step in setting up an integrated iron and steel mill when Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser in Hamborn near Duisburg builds its own blast furnace plant. In the subsequent years he systematically expands the company by only buying or founding firms which add to the vertical integration of the group.
Baling hoop rolling mill built in nearby Dinslaken
To add to its manufacturing capacities, in 1896 Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser decides to build a baling hoop rolling mill. Due to a lack of labor and housing space in the [Duisburg-]Hamborn area, this mill is set up in nearby Dinslaken, linked to the Hamborn site by a works railway. In 1937 Europe's first fully automated wide strip rolling mill is installed in Dinslaken; after the end of World War Two it is dismantled on allied orders and transported to the Soviet Union.
Establishment of an iron and steel mill in Rheinhausen near Duisburg
The group's pig iron, crude steel and rolling mill basis is strengthened in 1896 by the establishment of an iron and steel works in Rheinhausen, which in 1904 is given the name Friedrich-Alfred-Hütte. The adoption of the Thomas process leads to a significant increase in steel production. To secure the phosphorus-bearing iron ores needed for this process, Krupp acquires various ore mines in Lorraine in 1889 and 1894 and near Gelnhausen on the River Lahn in 1906/07. In 1907 a workshop is set up in the Friedrich-Alfred-Hütte mill for structural steel engineering and bridge building, which in 1941 is made into an independent company Fried. Krupp Stahlbau Rheinhausen. In the years 1982 to 1993 the phased closure of the Rheinhausen plant is implemented.
Acquisition of the Hannibal colliery near Bochum
The further development of the business into a vertically structured concern is systematically continued with the expansion of the coal base. In 1889 Krupp acquires a majority stake in the Ver. Sälzer & Neuack colliery in Essen (purchase 1901). After the acquisition of the Hannibal colliery in 1899 Krupp then purchases a 50% shareholding in the Emscher-Lippe coal mine near Datteln (100% in 1928).
'Aktiengesellschaft für Hüttenbetrieb' established, today North Duisburg landscape park
In 1902 August Thyssen founds Aktiengesellschaft für Hüttenbetrieb (stock corporation for iron and steel production) in the then still independent town of [Duisburg-]Meiderich to cover pig iron requirements for his open-hearth steel mills in Mülheim an der Ruhr and [Duisburg-]Hamborn. After closure of the operation in 1985, the blast furnace plant is converted into a landscape park under the Emscherpark project and private initiatives.
Conversion of the company Fried. Krupp into a stock corporation
When Friedrich Alfred Krupp dies suddenly in 1902 at the early age of 48 his elder daughter Bertha Krupp inherits the company. By will of the late owner the company is converted into a stock corporation in 1903. The heiress retains all the stock apart from the four shares required by law. The company's management is now in the hands of the directors and supervisory board. As Bertha Krupp is still a minor, her mother, Margarethe Krupp, exercises her rights as proprietor and thus takes over the helm of the company. In 1906 Bertha Krupp marries the counselor of legation Gustav von Bohlen und Halbach, who is granted the right by royal Prussian decree to bear the name Krupp as a prefix to his own family surname. At the end of 1906 he is appointed vice chairman of the supervisory board of Fried. Krupp and from 1909 to the end of 1943 acts as its chairman. In the subsequent years the company undergoes strong expansion.
In-house trading and shipping organization established, internationalization of he group
The in-house trading and shipping network is initially geared to the locations of the ore mines acquired and their shipping routes:
To allow iron ore to be transported at low cost via the River Rhine to meet the rising requirements of the Hamborn and Meiderich blast furnace plants, the first step in 1903-1905 is to build the Schwelgern port to supplement the existing Alsum works port. After the Schwelgern port goes into operation, in 1906 Thyssen founds Transportkontor Vulkan GmbH, [Duisburg-]Bruckhausen, with a branch in Rotterdam, in particular to ship ore arriving in Rotterdam up the Rhine.
1910 sees the establishment of Handels- en Transport Maatschappij Vulcaan, Rotterdam, an ocean shipping company aimed at making the Thyssen group independent of the international freight market.
From 1912 a number of company-owned branch establishments are set up in the Mediterranean area. Freighters can bunker coal there en route to the Russian or Indian ore mines, and can also deliver bunker coal or freight for third parties. This provides the vessels with freight from Rotterdam or Newcastle for at least part of their journey, helping reduce operating costs. In-house branches are established in Algiers, Port Said, Suez, Oran, Naples, Bona, Bizerte, Tangier and Genoa. In 1913 Thyssen turns its attention to Latin America, founding Deutsch-Überseeische Handelsgesellschaft (German Overseas Trading Company) in [Duisburg-]Hamborn with a branch in Buenos Aires. Thyssen's own ships transport ironware to Argentina and return to Europe carrying grain.
Steel mill built in Hagendingen / Lorraine
In 1910 a new steel mill is built in Hagendingen / Lorraine, this time near to minette ore deposits rather than coal. The vertical company organization is expanded to Lorraine. Coal and coke are supplied to the Lorraine steelmaking operations from the Rhenish-Westphalian area, and minette ore from Lorraine is transported back to the Ruhr for smelting. The Thyssen steel mill in Hagendingen starts production in 1912. At the end of the First World War the mill is expropriated by the French authorities.
On a similar basis, August Thyssen builds a steel mill in Caen near the iron ore mines of Normandy.
Development of stainless, acid-resistant steels
In 1908 Krupp begins production of electrical steel. In 1912 after intensive research the first stainless, acid-resistant steels are developed. and V2quickly find a wide range of applications especially in the chemical and food processing industries, in medicine and the building trade. They are a byword for quality the world over. The spire of the Chrysler building completed in New York in 1929 is faced with panels of the new stainless steel.
Thyssen acquires a leading position in the west German iron and steel industry behind Krupp
To counter the lack of housing, which made it difficult to attract labor to the as yet underdeveloped western Ruhr area, in 1880 Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser for the first time sees the necessity to build housing. This starts on a large scale in 1895/96. By the end of 1913 Thyssen's mining operations own 8,750 housing units for their 15,500 employees and around 850 civil servants, providing homes to some 44,000 people.
This not only means that works housing is available for one in two Thyssen mine workers, but also that around 1/3 of the population of Hamborn can live in accommodation from Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser. August Thyssen also supports the development of a corresponding infrastructure.
In the last year before the First World War, the plants in [Duisburg-] Hamborn, Dinslaken (strip and tube rolling mill) and [Duisburg-]Meiderich (pig iron) employ almost 11,000 people, while a further 16,000 work in company-owned mines and coking plants.
War requires start of arms production
In the First World War production, which initially suffers a sharp decline, soon expands again to support the war effort. As at other steel companies, Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser produces armaments, including artillery shells and tracks for light railways. As in the rest of Germany's war economy, Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser compensates for labor shortages by employing women, Belgian civilians and prisoners of war.
Development of a long-barrel gun with 130 km range ("Paris gun")
To meet government orders, production in World War increases to more than five-fold its pre-war level. Particularly well known is the heavy 42 cm mortar "Big Bertha". Krupp invests most of the profits made at the beginning of the war in sophisticated new factories for which the company later has no use.
The initially high reserves are eroded by soaring personnel and social costs during and after the war and by the necessary production changes.
Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser renamed and mining operations transferred to an independent company, loss of foreign interests
To minimize the impact of attempted socialization in the coal and steel industry, in 1919 Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser is renamed "August Thyssen-Hütte, Gewerkschaft" and the mining operations transferred to an independent company, Gewerkschaft Friedrich Thyssen, named after August Thyssen's father. Thyssen's foreign interests in the countries of the victorious allies and the Soviet Union are expropriated.
Switch to peace-time production
After the War and as a result of the Treaty of Versailles, Krupp adapts production, beginning among other things with the manufacture of locomotives, trucks, agricultural machinery and excavators. The associated costs and losses brought about by dismantling, inflation and the occupation of the Ruhr lead to the brink of a crisis in 1924/25 which can only be averted with drastic rescue measures.
The board of directors' proposal to close the Krupp works or contribute them to the soon to be established Vereinigte Stahlwerke is rejected by Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach. In the following years the company is successfully stabilized, with the focus on streamlining the processing operations and expanding stainless steel production.
Continued expansion to vertically and horizontally structured group
As early as 1911 Krupp had concluded a syndicate agreement with Westfälische Drahtindustrie in Hamm (Westphalian wire industry) and in 1915 acquried all the shares in the Schlesische Nickelwerke mining company near Frankenstein (Silesia). In 1919 Krupp acquires a majority stake in the sheet rolling mill Capito & Klein AG, Benrath (transfer agreement 1938). In 1921 Fried. Krupp concludes operating and syndicate agreements with the mining companies Ver. Helene and Amalie in Essen (acquired 1927) and Ver. Constantin der Große in Bochum (majority shareholding 1927). In 1927 Krupp acquires a majority stake in Norddeutsche Hütte in Bremen, and in 1929 in Harburger Eisen- und Bronzewerke Krupp is also a major partner in the establishment of Badische Wolframerzgesellschaft mbin Söllingen in 1928.
August Thyssen dies at his residence Schloss Landsberg near Essen
Upon the death of August Thyssen, his enterprises are inherited by his sons Fritz Thyssen and Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza. The other two children, Hedwig and August jr., have already been compensated beforehand. In 1928 the residence is transferred to the August Thyssen Foundation Schloss Landsberg. From 1993 the castle is used as a conference and seminar center for the group.
Major parts of the Thyssen group transferred to Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG
In 1925 the need for capital and the excess capacities on the German steel market convince August Thyssen, by then over 80, to agree in principle to transfer his companies to a new merged group, Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG, bringing together all coal and steel companies in the Ruhr area with the exception of Hoesch, Gutehoffnungshütte, Mannesmann, Klöckner and Krupp. The aim of the merger is to solve the cost and production problems facing the iron and steel industry caused by excess capacities. few weeks after August Thyssen's death (April 4, 1926) his son Fritz and his nephew Hans (for the Joseph Thyssen line) agree to transfer their Thyssen companies to Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG.
Fritz Thyssen is appointed supervisory board chairman of the new group. Upon foundation of Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG, Thyssen's coal and steel operations are valued at 26% of the nominal capital stock of 800 million reichsmarks. Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza does not transfer his inheritance to Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG, but initially combines these companies in August Thyssen'sche Unternehmungen des In- und Auslandes GmbH.
Sintered tungsten carbide was developed by the "Osram study society for electrical lighting" to replace diamonds as a material for machining metal. Not having the equipment to exploit this material on an scale, Osram sells the license to Krupp at the end of 1925. In 1926 Krupp brings sintered carbide onto the market under the name (acronym for WIe DIAmant = like diamond). Its exceptional hardness and wear resistance represent a major breakthrough in tool engineering. The new product group performs very well and soon becomes a synonym for sintered carbide.
The blast furnace plant of the Essen-Borbeck iron and steel mill goes into operation
In 1917 Krupp had already built a large steel melting shop (Martinwerk 7) in Essen-Borbeck, to which a rolling mill was added in 1922/23. With the completion of the blast furnace plant, an integrated iron and steel works is formed which is among the most advanced in Europe. It becomes the center of the group's stainless steel production which is gaining importance in particular for the construction of chemical processing equipment.
Also commissioned in 1929, the 15,000 ton forging press - at the time the biggest in the world - is capable of producing high-pressure boilers from special steel ingots weighing up to 300 tons. Both plants are completely dismantled after World War Two. The undamaged steel plant is transported to the Soviet Union, the forging press to Yugoslavia.
Establishment of August Thyssen-Hütte as an operating company of Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG
In 1933/34 Vereinigte Stahlwerke is decentralized to improve its management function. Factories with similar production priorities are combined and spun off into so-called operating companies. Their assets remain with the group holding company, which also performs strategic functions. The company in which the factories in the Duisburg area are combined is named August Thyssen-Hütte AG, after the founder of the region's most important iron and steel mill.
It includes the operations Thyssenhütte, Hütte Ruhrort-Meiderich, Hochöfen Hüttenbetrieb, Niederrheinische Hütte and Hütte Vulkan. The main products of the export-oriented Thyssenhütte mill are steel sections and semis, which are shipped to customers via the Rhine.
Establishment of Krupp Treibstoffwerk After 1933 Krupp is closely integrated in national socialist economic policy. In the effort to become self-sufficient, not only is indigenous coal used to produce fuel and oil but also the domestic ore basis is further expanded, with the Renn process developed by Krupp in 1929 permitting the reduction of low-grade ores.
Under the Four-Year Plan the state authorities intervene in the company's production planning. The production of locomotives, trucks and ships is strongly expanded and armaments production resumed, albeit on a much smaller scale than during World War One. The 80 cm railroad gun "Dora" completed in 1942, only two of which were ever produced, represents the biggest gun ever built but is already obsolete, being no match for aerial warfare. In 1938 the heavy cruiser "Prinz Eugen" is launched from the Germania shipyard, where many of the German submarines are also built during World War Two.
The supervisory board chairman of Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG, Fritz Thyssen, rejects the German invasion of Poland and flees to Switzerland
August Thyssen's eldest son Fritz did not wish to become chief executive of Vereinigte Stahlwerke when it was founded. Instead, as the biggest single private shareholder (26%) he is elected chairman of the supervisory board. On May 1, 1933 he joins the with great hopes of organizing the party's economic policy along corporatist lines. However these ideas are soon no longer in line with those of the party. After the state murders committed in the so-called Röhm putsch Fritz Thyssen distances himself more and more from the and its aims, even if Vereinigte Stahlwerke continues to play an important role in the Nazi's autarky and armaments economy. He does not leave the or the Reichstag but shows his rejection of the regime through small gestures (borrowing from the "Jewish" banker Simon Hirschland, Essen; financial support for the family of the imprisoned Martin Niemöller, etc.). He breaks openly with the regime after the German attack on Poland.
In an open telegram to Hermann Göring, Fritz Thyssen refuses to appear at a Reichstag session in Berlin on September 1, 1939 to ratify the German invasion of Poland. Pushed by his family he flees with them first to Switzerland, later to France. There he is overtaken by the events of the war and is unable to emigrate to Argentina as planned. Unoccupied Vichy France hands him and his wife Amélie over to the German Reich at the end of 1940. The state confiscates his assets, thus gaining control over the business policy of Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG.
The war effort of August Thyssen-Hütte AG
The rearmament policy pursued from the mid-1930s initially has little effect on August Thyssen-Hütte AG, which has been assigned responsibility for semifinished products within Vereinigte Stahlwerke This changes with the outbreak of war: In the regulated war economy production becomes increasingly difficult in the face of shortages of construction materials, raw materials, labor and energy. The labor shortage caused by the conscription of employees combined with increasing arms requirements is offset by the use of foreign labor and prisoners of war.
Acquisition of majority shareholding in Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau Bremen "Deschimag"
This transaction has to be seen in the context of the necessities of war. "Deschimag" widens the range of the Krupp Germania shipyard to include larger ships and submarines. In the same year the structural steel activities of the Friederich-Alfred-Hütte mill are transferred to an independent company Fried. Krupp Stahlbau Rheinhausen, originally with the aim of relocating the operation away from the cramped site of the Rheinhausen steel plant to give both operations room for further expansion. With an increasing number of men being drafted, there is a serious shortage of labor. To solve the problem Krupp - like other German companies - employs foreign laborers including prisoners of war.
Conversion of Fried. Krupp into a sole proprietorship
In December 1943 Fried. Krupp is converted back into a sole proprietorship and transferred to the eldest son Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach as sole proprietor. He takes over the firm at a time when the munitions authorities and semi-private control bodies are intervening to an even greater extent in business activities. Increasing production demands are set against a shortage of labor and air raid damage. In an effort to overcome the problem, from 1943 activities are relocated to areas less vulnerable to aerial attack.
The Thyssenhütte mill is finally brought to a standstill after a heavy air attack
During the Second World War the Thyssenhütte mill is attacked 96 times by Allied bomber units, but only two of the raids are a major success. heavy attack in October 1944 halts production only briefly and it is not until the air raid of January 22, 1945 that the mill is finally brought to a standstill after heavy damage to power and transportation facilities. On March 28, 1945 Hamborn is occupied by troops. After the end of the war the workers are occupied with clear-up work as the Allies refuse the mill a production license.
The company is placed under Allied control
At the end of the war approx. 32% of the Essen works have been destroyed and 29% badly or very badly damaged. As a result of dismantling the company loses among other things the Essen-Borbeck steel plant and the Germania shipyard, which is liquidated in 1963. The Gruson works in Magdeburg is expropriated. The coal and steel operations are severed under a divestment plan. As a result the company loses its raw materials and steel base. The remaining manufacturing operations are organized into independent companies. The company's assets are placed under the control of the military government and its management in the hands of a British officer. In 1945 Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach is taken into custody and in 1948 sentenced by an American military tribunal along with ten of his senior staff. As part of a general amnesty the high commissioner for Germany, John McCloy, grants the prisoners early release in January 1951.
Dismantling halted at the Thyssenhütte mill
On October 16, 1947 it is officially announced that the Thyssenhütte mill is also to be dismantled as part of the Allied policy to reduce Germany's potential and compensate the countries particularly affected by the Second World War. In April 1948 the British dismantling office in Hamborn commissions the first German firms to undertake dismantling work. This work is accompanied by numerous protests by the workers affected and by the people of Duisburg, and these protests are also directed at the dismantling firms. Politicians from all parties, churches and unions show their solidarity.
The Petersberg Agreement of November 22, 1949 signals the end of dismantling for many western German firms, including Thyssenhütte. The Western Allies continue their deconcentration and reorganization of the western German coal and steel industries: By Allied order, Vereinigte Stahlwerke and its operating companies are liquidated.
Reestablishment of August Thyssen-Hütte AG
Six months after the Petersberg Agreement, in May 1950, reconstruction work begins at the Thyssenhütte mill. The first blast furnace is blown in on May 7, 1951, and in the same year an open-hearth furnace restarts production. With the entry into force of the Treaty, all Allied restrictions on production are removed on July 28, 1952. As part of the break-up of the western German coal and steel sector Thyssenhütte is split off from the Vereinigte Stahlwerke group and reestablished on May 2, 1953 as August Thyssen-Hütte AG; the new company receives only the assets of Thyssenhütte.
In 1955 the first hot wide strip mill installed in Germany after the war goes into operation, becoming the central facility in Thyssen's production, now focused on flat steel. It gives the company new possibilities in the production of sheet steel.
As part of the Allied dismantling process, sequestration and divestment orders are placed on the firm's coal and steel assets. The steel plant in Rheinhausen together with the Krupp mines in Essen, on the Rhine and in the Harz-Lahn region are transferred to the parent company Hütten- und Bergwerke Rheinhausen AG, and the coal mining assets in the Bochum region are contributed to the newly established unit companies Steinkohlenbergwerk Hannover-Hannibal (1954) and Bergbau Constantin der Große (1953). The coal and steel operations are placed under a divestment order. In November 1953 Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach appoints Berthold Beitz (1913 - 2013) as his chief executive.
Start of horizontal diversification of August Thyssen-Hütte AG
The horizontal diversification of August Thyssen-Hütte as a steel producer is served by numerous significant acquisitions.
In the mid-1950s the main products of August Thyssen-Hütte are semis, sections and flat steel. The company broadens its product range in 1956 by combining with Niederrheinische Hütte AG, a producer of wire rod and bar with considerable wire processing interests. The acquisition of a majority stake in Deutsche Edelstahlwerke (1957), the largest stainless steel producer of the time, adds stainless and quality steels to the range.
Steel tubes and heavy plate are added with the acquisition of Phoenix-Rheinrohr Vereinigte Hütten- und Röhrenwerke (1965), a leading German pipe manufacturer alongside Mannesmannröhren-Werke The merger of August Thyssen-Hütte and Hüttenwerk Oberhausen in 1968 is designed not to diversify the range further but to add capacity in raw materials and iron and steel production. All the link-ups of the 1950s and 1960s result in a concentration on the most cost-effective facilities for the production and processing of iron and steel. At the same time a rapid increase takes place in the size of steelmaking facilities regarded as optimal. In the mid-1960s August Thyssen-Hütte is Europe's biggest steel producer and number five in the world.
Establishment of Fritz Thyssen Foundation
Fritz Thyssen's heirs, his wife Amélie Thyssen and daughter Anita Gräfin Zichy-Thyssen, establish the Fritz Thyssen Foundation on July 7, 1959, contributing a significant part of their assets, nominally DM100 million in August Thyssen-Hütte stock, to the foundation to promote the sciences.
Fritz Thyssen's heirs, his wife Amélie Thyssen and daughter Anita Gräfin Zichy-Thyssen, establish the Fritz Thyssen Foundation on July 7, 1959, contributing a significant part of their assets, nominally DM100 million in August Thyssen-Hütte stock, to the foundation to promote the sciences. Earlier Fritz Thyssen himself had considered the idea of foregoing his property in order to prevent the dismantling of the Thyssenhütte mill. When his widow and daughter set up the foundation, the fear of dismantling has long since disappeared but the memory of the time when the entire Thyssenhütte mill was being considered for demolition has by no means faded. Thus Amélie and Anita combine their appreciation to the company management and staff with thanks to the federal and state governments for their help during the reconstruction. It is the first large private scientific foundation to be set up in the Federal Republic of Germany after the Second World War.
Addition of a trading organization
In parallel with the horizontal diversification (see 1956) the addition of a trading organization begins in 1960. After the break-up and liquidation of Vereinigte Stahlwerke its trading activities were initially combined in a holding company, Handelsunion In 1960 August Thyssen-Hütte buys a blocking minority in Handelsunion AG, called Thyssen Handelsunion after 1969, which is systematically increased in the following years. From 1973 Thyssen Handelsunion is a wholly owned subsidiary of August Thyssen-Hütte Despite this link with August Thyssen-Hütte AG, Thyssen Handelsunion is not limited exclusively to business with Thyssen steel. In the following decades the company evolves from a straight trading company into a service provider. In the mid-1990s a reorganization begins as the new core Business Areas materials, and facility services and project management are defined.
Establishment of Fried. Krupp Hüttenwerke and expansion of steel base
Under the Allied divestment order Gewerkschaft Emscher-Lippe near Datteln is sold in 1954. In 1956 the majority shareholding in Bergbau Constantin der Große is sold to Bochumer Verein für Gussstahlfabrikation The remaining coal and steel operations are combined to form "Hütten- und Bergwerke Rheinhausen AG" in 1960. In 1965 the new group company Fried. Krupp Hüttenwerke is formed following the merger with Bochumer Verein für Gussstahlfabrikation AG.
With this merger the company begins to re-establish a broad steel base. In 1974 Fried. Krupp Hüttenwerke acquires an initial 26% stake in Stahlwerke Südwestfalen which by 1977 has increased to 97.1%. In 1980 Krupp Hüttenwerke is renamed Krupp Stahl AG, into which Stahlwerke Südwestfalen is merged in 1984.
Conversion of the sole proprietorship into Fried. Krupp After the death of the proprietor Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach in 1967 his assets are contributed to the Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation established by him, made possible by his son Arndt von Bohlen und Halbach's renunciation of his inheritance. The purpose of the Foundation is to preserve the unity of the company and to serve philanthropic purposes. The Foundation is the sole shareholder. Berthold Beitz (1913 - 2013) is appointed Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Foundation. The Allied divestment order ("Mehlem Treaty" 1953) on the coal and steel holdings is lifted.
Specialization through cooperation
In the final phase of the horizontal diversification August Thyssen-Hütte undergoes specialization through cooperation. In 1969 Mannesmann and August Thyssen-Hütte agree a division of responsibilities along the lines of "tubes to Mannesmann, rolled steel to Thyssen". Steel tube and pipe production, which came to August Thyssen-Hütte through the acquisition of Phoenix-Rheinrohr Vereinigte Hütten- und Röhrenwerke, is carried out jointly with Mannesmann in Mannesmannröhren-Werke AG, which is initially 1/3 owned by August Thyssen-Hütte and 2/3 by Mannesmann In return Mannesmann transfers its rolled steel production to August Thyssen-Hütte AG.
Expansion through horizontal diversification
In 1970 Fried. Krupp acquires two shares amounting to 82% of Polysius in Neubeckum, a leading cement plant engineering company. In 1964 Krupp had already acquired a majority stake in Atlas-Werke in Bremen and thus in its subsidiary MaMaschinenbau Kiel Gmb1974/75 sees the takeover of Heinrich Koppers in Essen, a leading supplier of coke-oven plant and coal gasification technology.
In parallel with the investments in plant engineering, the mechanical engineering activities are expanded: The acquisition of a 75% interest in Maschinenfabrik Buckau Wolf in Grevenbroich in 1974 is followed by the takeover of Kautex Maschinenbau in Bonn (1977) and Gildemeister Corpoplast Maschinen in Hamburg (1980). In 1985 Fried. Krupp acquires a majority shareholding in Werner & Pfleiderer in Stuttgart, a manufacturer of special machinery for the chemical and plastics industry and bakery equipment. In 1978 Fried. Krupp Hüttenwerke purchases 58.2% of the shares in Gerlach-Werke GmbH, one of the most advanced drop forging operations in Europe.
Growth into a conglomerate focused on steel, capital goods, trading and services
The acquisition of Rheinstahl in 1973 broadens the business base and at the same time reduces dependency on the cyclical steel sector. Rheinstahl is mainly engaged in manufacturing.
The merger of August Thyssen-Hütte and Rheinstahl strengthens production and processing capacities for iron, steel and stainless steel and at the same time establishes an extensive capital goods base with activities in locomotives, engineering, shipbuilding, wagon building and construction and heating equipment. The wide-ranging activities of Rheinstahl are combined with the corresponding Thyssen businesses in four new business groups Capital Goods and Manufactured Products, Trading and Services, Stainless Steel, and Steel.
The structural change is reflected in a change of name in 1977 from August Thyssen-Hütte to Thyssen Aktiengesellschaft vorm. August Thyssen-Hütte, which is shortened to Thyssen Aktiengesellschaft in 1997. To document to the outside world that Rheinstahl represents the manufacturing business of the Thyssen group, in 1976 its name is changed to Thyssen Industrie AG, which, augmented by Krupp activities, becomes Industries in 1999.
Already in the early 1970s August Thyssen-Hütte considers ideas to strengthen the group's international focus. Plans to produce steel at different places around the world and process it in Duisburg are abandoned after the 1973 oil crisis. In an effort to expand the business base and reduce the dependency on steel The Budd Company (USA) is acquired in 1978. At the time of the acquisition this conglomerate is mainly engaged in automotive components and numerous capital goods.
The further globalization of the group is supported in the 1990s by a concentration on selected fields of business holding good market and earnings potential. Worthy of mention in this connection are the acquisitions of the machine tool manufacturer Giddings & Lewis Inc. (USA) and Copper and Brass Sales Inc. (USA), a leading trading and service center for nonferrous metals in North America, in 1997 and of Dover Elevators (USA), market leader in hydraulic elevators in North America, in 1998.
Reorganization and expansion of Group
Fried. Krupp is organized into a holding company. Group subsidiaries formerly managed as operating departments are made into independent companies.
The holding company takes charge of the strategic management of the subsidiaries which are responsible for their own earnings. The aim is to expand existing businesses and establish new ones.
The 1980s and 1990s are also characterized by the effort to strengthen and expand the group's own position in the market worldwide. To this end mergers and alliances are entered into with other companies and unprofitable businesses are sold or closed down.
In 1983 the forging activities of Krupp Stahl and Klöckner-Werke are amalgamated to form Schmiedewerke Krupp-Klöckner in Bochum. The takeover of Nickeltechnologie in 1989 expands the group's range of high-alloy stainless steels. The joint venture Hüttenwerke Krupp Mannesmann Duisburg, established in 1990 by Krupp Stahl and Mannesmannröhren-Werke - in which each hold equal shares - supplies both parent companies with semi-finished products for the manufacture of flat steel products and tubes.
Thyssen concentration on group management functions and spin-off of steel activities into Thyssen Stahl AG
The spin-off of the steel business is triggered by negotiations on a merger with Krupp Stahl AG, which fails to come about in 1983. In the following years Thyssen adapts its steel production to the market and streamlines its structures. Thus, on October 1, 1992 Thyssen Edelstahlwerke is merged into Thyssen Stahl AG.
The discussions resumed in the 1990s concerning a joint venture with Krupp result in collaborations in tinplate (Rasselstein Hoesch GmbH), electrical steel (Elektroblech Bochum GmbH) and stainless flat products (Krupp Thyssen Nirosta GmbH) in 1995. In 1997 - after Fried. Krupp Hoesch-Krupp withdraws its intention to acquire a majority stake in Thyssen - the flat steel activities of Thyssen Stahl and Krupp Hoesch Stahl are combined in Thyssen Krupp Stahl AG.
Expansion of Thyssen Aufzüge through acquisitions in Europe and North America
The elevator business goes back to the 1973 acquisition of Rheinstahl AG, whose subsidiaries included two wellknown elevator firms Rheinstahl Eggers-Kehrhahn in Hamburg and the elevator department of Stahl in Stuttgart. In 1973 a new large-scale production site is built in Neuhausen an der Fildern near Stuttgart.
In the 1990s Thyssen expands this capital goods business with acquisitions in Europe and overseas to achieve a leading global position. In 1998 Thyssen purchases the elevator business of Dover Elevators (USA), the market leader for hydraulic elevators in North America.
The companies Krupp in Essen and Hoesch in Dortmund, which can both look back on a long tradition, are active in a large number of related businesses, including steel production, plant engineering, the production of components for the automobile industry, and trading. With the aim of realizing synergies, Fried. Krupp acquires shares in Hoesch from 1991. When a majority shareholding has been acquired, Hoesch is merged into Fried. Krupp on December 8, 1992. The limited liability company Fried. Krupp had been converted into a stock corporation (AG) in March 1992. The new company is entered in the Commercial Registers of Essen and Dortmund in December 1992 and commences work with economic effect at January 1, 1992.
The group is restructured, with the business activities being organized into the divisions: Plantmaking, Automotive, Trading, Mechanical Engineering, Steel and Fabricating. The steel activities of Krupp Stahl and Hoesch Stahl are combined in Krupp Hoesch Stahl effective January 1, 1993.
To concentrate its activities Thyssen defines core businesses in 1996. They include elevators, automotive, flat steel, production systems and materials trading. Concentrating resources on core businesses results logically in a streamlining of the portfolio through the sale of the defense engineering business of Thyssen Henschel, Rheinische Kalksteinwerke GmbH, Thyssen Haniel Logistik and other companies.
Flat carbon steel activities of Krupp and Thyssen combined to form Thyssen Krupp Stahl AG
After Thyssen and Krupp's previous efforts at cooperation in flat carbon steel had remained unsuccessful (see Thyssen 1983), in March 1997 it becomes known that Fried. Krupp Hoesch-Krupp is planning to acquire a majority interest in the Thyssen group. After the takeover plans are abandoned, the two companies hold intensive talks on the strategy for a joint flat carbon steel company incorporating the relevant activities of Thyssen Stahl and Krupp Hoesch Stahl Thyssen Krupp Stahl starts business operations on September 1, 1997 as one of the world's biggest flat steel producers. Following the steel merger the two companies agree to look at the possibility of cooperating in other areas (see March 17, 1999).
The idea of a merger is not a new one. It has been addressed by generations of managers in the preceding decades. With globalization advancing in the late 1990s, Thyssen and Krupp are also ready to agree to a merger.
They commence talks on further cooperation in August 1997 after establishing a joint flat carbon steel company.
The strategic opportunities and potential synergies offered by a full merger are found to be huge. is officially registered on March 17, 1999 and commences operations with economic effect at October 1, 1998.
The activities of the new company are initially combined in 23 different business units allocated to the five segments Steel, Automotive, Industries, Engineering and Materials & Services.
10 years of Today’s was entered in the commercial register on March 17, 1999. Thyssen and Fried. Krupp Hoesch Krupp merged to form a new company.
In terms of corporate culture, history and products, the two companies were a good fit.
In the ten years from fiscal year 1998/1999 to 2007/2008 (prior to the economic crisis), quintupled its earnings, achieved 65 percent growth in sales and increased its dividend by as much as 80 percent.
Companies going through change
The official registration of Thyssen Krupp on March 17, 1999 marks the beginning of a new chapter in Germany's history.
To help you get the information you need as quickly as possible, the following list shows who to contact on specific questions.
Konzernarchiv80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
– our strategy
– our strategy
We are a diversified group – But what does that actually mean?
“engineering. tomorrow. together – three words that describe who we are, what we do, and how we do it.”
We are a community of around 158,000 colleagues on all continents. Openness, transparency, mutual respect and commitment – these important values form the basis for the way we work together, our relationships with our customers, and our business success.
Diversified means: We are a strong group of businesses that share a common core – outstanding engineering. Together we add to each other’s knowledge and capabilities. That makes us more efficient and more innovative.
Diversified also means: We want to create solid and sustainable value. And we want to balance the different interests of all our stakeholders.
Global megatrends such as urbanization and demographic change offer us great business opportunities. People and companies constantly need “more” consumer and capital goods, infrastructure, energy, raw materials, and digital services. The number of megacities is growing rapidly.
With our engineering expertise, we strive for technological and business that satisfy the demand for “more” in a “better” way – both in industrialized countries and in emerging markets.
“The Strategic Way Forward is our blueprint for achieving this goal"80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
To us compliance means more than just obeying rules and regulations. Compliance is a question of mindset: Reliability, honesty, credibility, and integrity are part of our We would rather sacrifice a contract than win it by breaking the rules.
Our compliance program is designed to identify potential risks at an early stage and if necessary initiate suitable countermeasures. Compliance officers around the world advise, educate, and inform employees about legal requirements. As a result compliance is a fixed component of every business process.
Strong together
employs over 75 full-time compliance officers around the world, and they are supported at operating level by more than 350 compliance managers (generally the CEOs or managing directors of Group companies). Together they promote observance of our internal compliance policies and all relevant laws and form a point of contact for employees.
The aim of our “Compliance 2020” strategy is to embed compliance more extensively and sustainably throughout the Group. We continuously optimize our global training programs, actively integrate compliance into our business processes, and advance our program of targeted communications. And that’s not all.
Bona fide reports help counteract violations at an early stage and limit the damage for our company, our employees, and our business partners. Several channels for reporting information – anonymously if required – are available to all employees, and also to customers, suppliers, and other third parties.
submitted to a voluntary special audit in 2013, and had its Groupwide compliance program audited in accordance with the Auditing Standard 980 of the Institute of Public Auditors in Germany (IDW) back in 2011.
The Executive Board is firmly behind the compliance commitment of AG.Skip Navigation
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
Sustainable products produced in a sustainable way
Renewable energies, Industry 4.0, sustainable mobility and resource-efficient processes are high on our innovation agenda.
We are working hard to ensure that in the future stands for sustainable products produced in a sustainable way. We aim to spend annually around 2.5 percent of our turnover – excluding trade and distribution – on research and development.
For this we not only need lots of good ideas, but also have to define the entire path from idea to successful product. Our Product Lifecycle Management system describes the stages of product development.
Our TechCenters play an important role in this. They can develop ideas very quickly to the point where we can make an informed decision about a market launch.
Current studies show that cooperation across traditional sector and technology boundaries is becoming increasingly important. With its diverse technologies, this is one of thyssenkrupp’s major strengths.
Innovation management
Technologies for the transition to renewables
Processes that conserve resources
Cross-innovation
 Technologies for the transition to renewables 
 Renewables have become a serious part of the energy mix. According to the International Energy Agency power generation from renewable energies – including hydro power – will treble worldwide by 2040. We at want to play a major role in the energy transition. 
 Tomorrow’s cars will above all have to produce fewer emissions. We offer the required solutions. For example with our project InCar plus up to 1.6 tons of CO2 can be saved over a car’s lifetime. And that’s not all. Thanks to a special steel for electric motors we’re helping put more electric vehicles on the road. Our battery manufacturing lines and lightweight steels are also doing their bit for sustainable mobility. 
 Processes that conserve resources 
 This is about biological wastewater treatment and cement plants with 40 percent less CO
 emissions. Also in this chapter: a radically new concept to develop innovative steels. 
 The analog and digital worlds merging, big data forming the basis for accurate production decisions, businesses growing together digitally, products and production in a digital dialogue – that’s Industry 4.0. 
 Cross-innovation 
 Innovations rarely happen within traditional company boundaries any more. The real breakthroughs are achieved by collaboration across different sectors. As a diversified group we at have a structural advantage here. 
Mail80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Together, we are stronger. Within our company. With our customers. And with our suppliers. Together, we develop market-leading for innovative products and processes.
Cooperating closely as partners, we continuously create new earnings and sales opportunities. Our procurement contributes significantly to a strong operative performance and the strategic development of our business. By sustainably reducing material cost. By ensuring high material availability and service levels. By bringing in technological innovation. Our success factors are our highly qualified, motivated and globally networked employees, cross-functional collaboration and state-of-the-art procurement practices. And, of course, our high performing, innovative suppliers. Our joint target is the high competitiveness of our customers and businesses.
Procurement & Supply Management
In Procurement & Supply Management, we collaborate closely within agile network structures. We bundle our expertise and our purchasing volume Groupwide and act together in the market. Our material field strategies are based on a comprehensive knowledge of customer and business requirements, of global supply markets and supplier capabilities. Modern purchasing methods and tools help us translate strategies into effective measures. Together with our internal and external partners. Day by day. Globally.
Close cooperation across companies, regions and functions are the pillars of sustainable success.
Christian Holzer, Chief Procurement Officer
The spend is strategically managed via our clusters. This means that we develop future-orientated material field strategies and act in global supply markets as “thyssenkrupp”. Via our cluster organization, we effectively leverage the purchasing volume and expertise.
strong focus of the cluster work is on strategically developing our global supplier base. We want to make sure that we work with the best suppliers worldwide to deliver added value to our customers and businesses.
The teams are lead by our Cluster Managers and are deeply anchored in a Groupwide network organization. The team members operate decentrally in our businesses, functions and regions. This ensures that the material field strategies and measures agreed in the clusters optimally fit customer and business requirements and that they can be fully implemented in day-to-day business.
Groupwide Procuement Organization
An integrated organization for Procurement & Supply Management across all our businesses ensures the effective steering of the purchasing volume. We are a global, learning organization and continuously develop our professional methods and tools.
The significance of the key focus regions of the Group is underlined by Regional Heads of Procurement. They ensure that tregional requirements and market potentials are included in the strategic collaboration. They support the implementation of regional measures and ensure that local potentials are available to the global companies.
The procurement responsibles of our individual Group entities ensure the operative supply of goods and services for our local businesses. This is where the material field strategies, measures and supplier selection that have been agreed with the cluster teams are translated in day-to-day procurement operations to reach company and Group targets.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Was wurde aus August Thyssens Firmen nach seinem Tod 1926? Genealogie seiner größeren Konzernunternehmen. In: Wegener, Stephan (Hg.). August und Joseph Thyssen. Die Familie und ihre Unternehmen. 2. Aufl. Essen 2008, 213-332.
Wegener, Stephan (Hg.):
Gall, Lothar (Hg.):
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Krupp. In: Neue Deutsche Biographie, Bd. 13, Berlin 1982, 129 - 145.
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Wolbring, Barbara:
Die Krupps. In: Volker Reinhardt (Hg.): Deutsche Familien. Historische Portraits von Bismarck bis Weizsäcker. München 2005, 73 - 95.
Baumann, Carl-Friedrich:
Baumann, Carl-Friedrich:
Baumann, Carl-Friedrich:
Baumann, Carl-Friedrich:
Baumann, Carl-Friedrich:
Baumann, Carl-Friedrich:
Buchstab, Günter:
Fritz Thyssen (1873-1951). In: Zeitgeschichte in Lebensbildern Bd. 9, Münster 1999, 115-132.
Fear, Jeffrey Robert:
Fear, Jeffrey Robert:
August Thyssen and German Steel. In: Creating modern capitalism. Cambridge (Mass.), London 1997, 185-219, 605-612.
Fear, Jeffrey Robert:
Organizing Control. August Thyssen and the Construction of German Corporate Management. Cambridge/London 2005.
Fear, Jeffrey Robert:
Hassler, Uta; Nussbaum, Norbert (Hg.)
Ein Haus für ein Unternehmen. Thyssen und Landsberg. Mainz 2007.
Amélie Thyssen 1877-1965. In: Fest, Joachim (Hg.): Die großen Stifter. Lebensbilder - Zeitbilder. Berlin 1997, 269-295.
Knopp, Gisbert:
Knopp, Gisbert:
August Thyssen und die luxemburgische Minenkonzessionsaffäre von 1912. In: 900 Jahre Mülheim an der Ruhr 1093-1993. Zeitschrift des Geschichtsvereins Mülheim a. d. Ruhr Heft 66 (1993), 433-466.
Von der Kinoempfehlung zum firmeneigenen, prämiierten Dokumentarfilm. Über die Anfänge des Industriefilms auf der August Thyssen-Hütte In: Rasch, Manfred; Ellerbrock, Karl-Peter; Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate; Wessel, Horst (Hg.): Industriefilm – Medium und Quelle. Beispiele aus der Eisen- und Stahlindustrie. Bearbeitet von Manfred Rasch. Essen 1997, 82-93.
Schwanke, Hans-Peter:
Das Landhaus Fritz Thyssen. In: Zeitschrift des Geschichtsvereins Mülheim a. d. Ruhr Heft 61 (1989), 27-47.
Württemberg, Alexander von:
Industrieforschung bei der August Thyssen-Hütte in den Jahren 1936 bis 1960. In: Technikgeschichte Bd. 60 (1993), 129-159.
"Das wird gewaltig ziehen und Früchte tragen!" Industriepädagogik in den Großbetrieben des 19. Jahrhunderts bis zum Ersten Weltkrieg, dargestellt am Beispiel der Firma Fried. Krupp. Essen 1994.
Beyer, Burkhard:
Beyer, Burkhard:
Borgers, Walter:
Brüggemeier, Franz Josef:
Die Wandteppiche in der Villa Hügel.
Hg. von der Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach-Stiftung. Essen 1994.
Epkenhans, Michael:
Gall, Lothar:
"Reichsgründer": Otto von Bismarck und Alfred Krupp. In: Gerhard, Hans-Jürgen (Hg.): Struktur und Dimension. Festschrift für Karl Heinrich Kaufhold zum 65. Geburtstag. Bd. 2 Stuttgart 1997, 447 - 455.
Helfrich, Andreas:
Jindra, Zdenek:
Jindra, Zdenek:
One hundred Years Krupp and Russia 1818 - 1918. In: Vierteljahrsschrift für Sozial- und Wirtschaftsgeschichte 69 (1982), 75 - 108.
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Private Kunstförderung im Kaiserreich am Beispiel Krupp. In: Mai, Ekkehard, Pohl, Hans (Hg.): Kunstpolitik und Kunstförderung im Kaiserreich. Kunst im Wandel der Sozial- und Wirtschaftsgeschichte. Berlin 1982, 55 - 82.
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Die Villa Hügel. Unternehmerwohnsitz im Wandel der Zeit. München, Berlin 2002. (Kleine Reihe Villa Hügel herausgegeben von der Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach-Stiftung).
Konrad, Anette:
Lindenlaub, Jürgen und Renate Köhne-Lindenlaub:
Unternehmensfinanzierung bei Krupp 1811 - 1848. Ein Beitrag zur Kapital- und Vermögensentwicklung. In: Beiträge zur Geschichte von Stadt und Stift Essen 102 (1988), 83 - 164.
Lindenlaub, Jürgen:
Metzendorf, Rainer; Mikuscheit, Achim:
Friedrich Alfred Krupp (1854 to 1902), Promoter of Natural Sciences, and his Deep-Sea Researches on Bord the maja und Puritan in the Gulf of Naples. In: Ocean sciences. Proceedings of the 4th International Congress on the History of Oceanography, Hamburg 23. - 29.9.1987. 1990, 235 - 240. (Deutsche Hydrographische Zeitschrift; Ergänzungsheft, Reihe B, Nr. 22).
Müther, Herwig:
Vom Show-Room zu den Krupp-Ausstellungen in der Villa Hügel. Spurensicherung zur Geschichte eines Firmenmuseums. In: Archiv und Wirtschaft 18 (1985), 103 - 113.
Die Nahrungsmittelversorgung der Arbeiterschaft in der Zeit der Rationierung 1914 - 1922, dargestellt am Beispiel der Fried. Krupp AG, Essen. In: Essener Beiträge. Beiträge zur Geschichte von Stadt und Stift Essen 109 (1997), 117 - 235.
Labor Market and wages in the iron and steel industry of Ruhr district at the beginning of the 20th century - on the case of Krupp&'s cast steel factory in Essen. In: Kansai University Review of Economics and Business 17 (1989), Nr. 1: 43 - 90, Nr. 2: 1 - 36.
Pierenkemper, Toni:
White Collar Employees at the Krupp Steel Casting Works: New Occupational Category in Germany. In: Business History Review 58 (1984), 384 - 408.
Pierenkemper, Toni:
Probst, Anke:
Helene Amalie Krupp. Eine Essener Unternehmerin um 1800. Wiesbaden, Stuttgart 1985. (Zeitschrift für Unternehmensgeschichte, Beiheft 33).
Reif, Heinz:
"Ein seltener Kreis von Freunden". Arbeitsprozesse und Arbeitserfahrungen bei Krupp 1840-1914. In: Klaus Tenfelde (Hg.): Arbeit und Arbeitserfahrung in der Geschichte, Göttingen 1986, 51 - 91.
Stemmrich, Daniel:
Erfolgsbeteiligung und Vermögensbildung bei Krupp. Von 1811 bis 1945. Stuttgart 1992. (Zeitschrift für Unternehmensgeschichte, Beiheft 71).
(Ed.) Pictures of Krupp. Photography and History in the Age, London 2005.
(Hg.) Bilder von Krupp. Fotografie und Geschichte im Industriezeitalter. München 1994.
thysssenkrupp Wohnimmobilien GmbH:
Wolbring, Barbara:
Selected literature
Findbuch zum Bestand Friedrich Wilhelms-Hütte (1811-1969).
Findbuch zu den Beständen der Ruhrstahl-Gruppe.
Bearbeitet von Michael Kanther. (= Veröffentlichungen aus dem Archiv des Konzerns, 4), Duisburg 1999.
Zeitschrift des Geschichtsvereins Mülheim a. d. Ruhr Heft 70 (1998), 225-254.
Erläuterungen zur Filmverzeichnung und zum Filmbestand der Thyssen Still Otto Anlagentechnik im Archiv der Thyssen In: Archiv und Wirtschaft 29 (1996), 183-188.
Quellen zur Stadtgeschichte in Archiven der Wirtschaft, dargestellt an Beispielen aus dem Archiv der In: Frese, Matthias; Zeppenfeld, Burkhardt (Hg.): Kommunen und Wirtschaft, Essen 2000, 238-254.
Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation Krupp Historical Archive - Literature on the Krupp Historical Archive
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Das Historische Archiv Krupp. Seine Geschichte und seine Neuorientierungen im letzten Vierteljahrhundert. In: Der Archivar 57, (2004), 44-51.
Köhne-Lindenlaub, Renate:
Müther, Herwig:
Fotografien in Archiven: Das Beispiel Historisches Archiv Krupp. In: Archiv und Wirtschaft 28 (1995), 51-58.
100 Jahre Historisches Archiv Krupp. Entwicklungen, Aufgaben, Bestände. München 2005. (Kleine Reihe Villa Hügel herausgegeben von der Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach-Stiftung).
Bestandserhaltung in Wirtschaftsarchiven - Probleme und Lösungsstrategien am Beispiel des Historischen Archivs Krupp, In: Archiv und Wirtschaft 37 (2004), 57-71.Skip Navigation
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
Our understanding of sustainability
Engineering expertise for sustainability
Long-term profitability
Concrete measures to achieve profitable growth in our Business Areas while systematically leveraging synergies within the Group through cross-business initiatives.
Dialogue & Commitment
is committed to open, constructive, and transparent dialogue. To this end is involved in various local projects, cooperations, multi-stakeholder initiatives and associations.
Sustainability management
Strategy and targets
Sustainability is a core component of our corporate strategy. As a diversified group we aim to supply innovative products, technologies and services worldwide that contribute to the sustainable success of our customers. Together with our customers we are looking to the future, and our decision-making processes include both business considerations and ecological and social aspects. The basis for this is a 360 degree view of our value and production chains. In this way we improve our performance and strengthen the future of our company.
Environment, climate & energy management
Responsible & attractive employer
 Acting responsibly is firmly integrated in our procurement processes. 
 Compliance is a question of mindset. 
 Health & Safety 
 Everyone who works for should be able to do so safely and remain. 
 Diversity & Inclusion 
 We are committed to a corporate policy that values, supports, and utilizes diversity. 
 “We-together” – Help for refugees 
 36 German companies have now joined together to promote the integration of refugees. 
Stories from the #engineered blog
 Water supply of the future: when drinking water becomes a human right 
 How will our water supply develop in the future? What are the driving trends of these developments? And which technologies could play a vital role in this? To answer these questions, our foresight experts look into an alternative future. 
 Milestone for climate protection: Carbon2Chem pilot plant opened 
 Turning CO2 into something valuable is exactly what our major Carbon2Chem project is all about. On September 20, 2018, officially started producing sustainable methanol from metallurgical gases at the Duisburg pilot plant – a green world premiere. 
 MULTI: Our sideways-moving elevator system 
 Our 246-meter tower in Rottweil will not only help dramatically reducing the time required to develop skyscrapers worldwide. On June 22nd it was also the perfect location for the first ride of our ropeless elevator MULTI! 
 More than 500 rotor bearings for offshore wind farms 
 The requirements placed on rotor bearings for offshore wind farms are enormous. still makes it possible – and has now produced over 500 bearings for Siemens wind farms in the North Sea. 
 World Environment Day: & environmental protection? 
 For the first time, will be at the forefront of World Environment Day on June 5, 2018. After all, we have high environmental protection standards – and groundbreaking technologies to do good for our planet. 
 Clean out to sea 
 Diesel engines in ships could soon be getting some competition from green technology. Diesel-powered fuel cells are clean, quiet, and reliable. prototype is to be launched in early 2017. 
 Corporate Function Technology, Innovation & Sustainability 
Press spokesperson Technology, Innovation & Sustainability
Mail80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
We belong together, at every workplace, in every plant, in every country. We can all be counted on.
We are thyssenkrupp, around 155,000 people with thousands of different lifestyles and cultures. But one thing unites us all: We are a team. We work together, learn from each other, and grow together. We are fair. We respect each other and communicate openly. We do what we say and say what we do. This value structure unites us and makes us successful.
“We always openly encourage our employees to come to us if there are problems. That’s important so that we can continuously improve. We put our faith in openness, mutual appreciation, and respect.”
Dr. Heinrich Hiesinger, Chief Executive Officer
Our mission statement is our basic law. We developed it together to describe how we engage with customers, colleagues, investors, and society in general. We’re proud that this is reflected in our commitment.
Here to stay: On average, our employees stay with us for 12 years and in Germany, some have stayed with us for up to 18 years. And we fill three-quarters of positions from our own talent pool.
Our diversity is truly diverse: We offer apprenticeships in over 50 occupations. People from over 140 countries work at thyssenkrupp.
We have been making history for 200 years and continue to do so with innovations like the We developed our Group mission statement with over 2,000 employees around the world.
is our favorite employer
78 percent of our employees say: “would recommend as a good place to work.”
92 percent of our employees say: “am willing to put in a great deal of extra effort to help my company succeed.”
What all of us here do is not just what we like, but what we love
91 percent of our employees say: “fully apply my skills and abilities in my work.”
83 percent of our employees say: “am treated with respect at work, regardless of my job.”
is our favorite employer
78 percent of our employees say: “would recommend as a good place to work.”
92 percent of our employees say: “am willing to put in a great deal of extra effort to help my company succeed.”
What all of us here do is not just what we like, but what we love
91 percent of our employees say: “fully apply my skills and abilities in my work.”
83 percent of our employees say: “am treated with respect at work, regardless of my job.”
To us compliance means more than just obeying rules and regulations. Compliance is a question of mindset: Reliability, honesty, credibility, and integrity are part of our We would rather sacrifice a contract than win it by breaking the law.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Change in logo on the August Thyssen-Hütte company magazine in 1976.
August Thyssen-Hütte AG, the name selected again in 1953 in memory of the company's founder, introduces a new logo in April 1967 based on the standard elements used in trademarks since the 1920s - circles, polygons and combinations of letters. An "open T" developed from the first letter of the name Thyssen can be combined with the traditional logos of companies acquired and thus shows that the subsidiaries belong to the group, even though most of them at this time do not incorporate the name "Thyssen" in their company name. The logo is thus the first step towards illustrating that individual companies are part of the Thyssen group.
When August Thyssen-Hütte acquires a majority shareholding in Rheinstahl in 1973, it is generally assumed that the new company will adopt the Thyssen logo. However, in two years of negotiations the executive board of August Thyssen-Hütte is convinced of the modernity and symbolic value of the Rheinstahl arch and on January 12, 1976 resolves "to introduce the Thyssen arch as the standard logo for all domestic and foreign subsidiaries of the Thyssen group. It will symbolize, as it were, the "arch over all Thyssen activities". In March 1976 the new logo appears for the first time on the cover of the employee magazine "Our ATH".
While the yellow "Rheinstahl" lettering is replaced by the blue "Thyssen" lettering, the arch remains as a central element linking together a changed and bigger group. So it is that in 1976 two company identities are united in a single logo.
Founded in 1871, Rheinische Stahlwerke did not have a trademark of its own until the introduction of the Rheinstahl arch in 1958. In the early 1950s the publication of the annual report for the years 1948 to 1953 gives rise to the wish for a company logo.
Rheinstahl chooses the design of the Hamburg graphic artist Schierning, which is based on the distinctive shape of the Rheinstahl pavilion at the German show in Hanover. With loving attention to detail, the combined logo and lettering are developed on this basis featuring curves which cannot be calculated using simple mathematical formulae. The colors chosen are blue and yellow, the colors of the city of Essen. The yellow lettering Rheinstahl on the blue arch is a reference to the company's home town.
In 1875, Alfred Krupp registered three superimposed seamless railway tires as the company's trademark.
Since 1875 three rings have been the worldwide symbol of products made by Krupp and serve at the same time as a reminder of the seamless forged and rolled railway tires invented by Krupp and patented in Prussia in 1853.
Prior to 1875 furnishes his steel products initially with steel quality labels and stamps such as "Krupp zu Essen" (1839), "Fr. Krupp bei Essen" (1840) or "Fr. Krupp bei Essen in Preußen" (1841). In later years the stamps read only "Fr. Krupp" or simply "Krupp". Only when the imperial law on trademark protection is passed on November 30, 1874 does Alfred Krupp decide to develop his own trademark. Of the designs drawn up he chooses the Three Ring Emblem, showing three double rings placed on top of each other (not interlinking!) to symbolize railway tires.
This Three Ring Emblem is registered for the first time on December 9, 1875 with the imperial district court in Essen as a trademark of Fried. Krupp "for steel and iron as well as steel and iron goods". Before World War One the Three Ring Emblem is a registered trademark in 56 other countries outside Germany. In 1994 the trademark ceases to be protected in its original open form. Until the merger with Thyssen the more modern version with the solid black rings is used which had already been registered as an additional trademark on October 9, 1934.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Compliance program
Compliance program
The compliance program comprises the three elements Inform & Advise, Identify, and Report & Act. It is closely interlinked with risk management and with our internal control system. In this way we ensure that compliance is an integral component of every single business process.
The compliance program is focused on antitrust law and corruption prevention. Since 2014, measures relating to money laundering and data protection have additionally been integrated and established as part of the compliance program. In relation to other topic areas – such as occupational safety and environmental protection – the Compliance function has taken on the role of advisor, coordinator, and consolidator. Substantive responsibility in these areas remains with the competent corporate functions and business areas; the Compliance team provides support and advice and ensures uniform reporting to the Executive Board.
Setup and elements of the compliance program
The three pillars of our compliance program
Inform & Advise
Central components of the “Inform” pillar of our compliance program are the antitrust law and corruption prevention training programs carried out by the compliance officers. In the programs, employees are informed about compliance requirements, risks, and possible sanctions. The requirements are based on law and our Groupwide policies. They also serve the implementation of international standards. They cover for example rules for dealing with competitors and business partners and responding to invitations and gifts, as well as the prohibition of facilitation payments.
In the 2016/2017 fiscal year, over 5,300 employees worldwide attended classroom courses, mainly on antitrust law and corruption prevention. In the 4th cycle of the eLearning program on corruption prevention and antitrust law, launched in November 2015, a total of more than 102,000 courses, net of disposals, were completed by the end of the fiscal year.
In connection with our compliance advice activities, we support important business transactions, for instance in connection with major projects and M&projects or the engagement of intermediaries. For this the employees can contact their Compliance Officers in the business areas, regions, and at Corporate or call our central hotline. The Compliance Officers also advise the operating units on integrating compliance into their business processes.
The “Identify” pillar of the compliance program focuses on regularly reviewing critical business operations based on a risk-oriented, structured audit process.
In addition, in the 2013/2014 fiscal year we carried out a targeted Groupwide risk assessment. Based on a detailed questionnaire the Compliance team analyzed objective risks, mainly in the areas of antitrust law and corruption prevention, and the degree of implementation of the compliance program at the Group companies. In a second step, workshops were held at over 100 Group companies, in which measures were developed to address and reduce the risks identified.
An additional element in the identification of compliance risks is our whistleblowing system. Alongside the options of directly contacting a supervisor or the compliance department, this provides employees with a further channel for reporting possible infringements of laws or policies without revealing their identity.
Report & Act
The third pillar, “Report & Act”, encompasses intensive compliance reporting in all three dimensions of our organizational matrix. In the event of proven antitrust law infringements or corruption, our “zero tolerance” policy applies: Sanctions are systematically imposed on the employees concerned.
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
 The quarter in Essen (Germany) 
Organizational and management structure
The Group is led strategically by Founded in 1999 as a stock corporation under German law, the company has dual domiciles in Essen und Duisburg. Corporate headquarters is located in the quarter in Essen.
The Executive Board of sets the strategy for the Group's development and steers the business areas, the corporate functions, and the service units.
 Our business operations are organized in five business areas: Components Technology, Elevator Technology, Solutions, Materials Services, and the discontinued operation Steel Europe. The business areas are divided into business units and operating units. In 78 countries, 449 companies and 23 investments accounted for by the equity method are included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 produces high-tech components worldwide for the automotive and machinery sectors. In the auto sector, the product range includes camshafts, crankshafts, steering and damping systems, springs and stabilizers, and the assembly of axle modules. In the machinery sector, supplies components for construction equipment, wind turbines, and numerous general engineering applications. 
 is a leading manufacturer of passenger transportation systems. The portfolio includes passenger and freight elevators, escalators and moving walks, and passenger boarding bridges at airports, as well as stair and platform lifts. With innovative, energy-efficient technology, Elevator Technology sets standards for the entire sector – for example with revolutionary such as the TWIN, MULTI, and systems for even smarter mobility. 
 specializes in the construction of plants. The business area designs, builds, and services chemical, refinery, and other complexes. For the auto industry, the business area delivers body and engine assembly lines complete with the associated test facilities. is also a world leading supplier of naval ships and submarines. 
 is focused on global materials distribution, with around 480 sites in 44 countries. Last year stainless steel production was added to our already broad portfolio. We also provide a wide range of innovative services for manufacturing and processing companies. For example, we handle supply chain management for numerous major companies, making sure that every part they need is in the right place at the right time. 
 is one of the world’s leading flat steel suppliers. The Steel Europe business area stands for high-quality steel products, innovative manufacturing technologies, and custom for demanding applications in a wide range of industries. Our main customers include the auto, engineering, energy, packaging, and construction industries. 
 Get to know the management of thyssenkrupp. 
 Find out more about corporate governance at thyssenkrupp. 
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
For Groupwide Procurement and Supply Management topics, please contact the team at Corporate Function Procurement & Supply Management at AG.
Should you wish to enter into business relationships with one of our Group's entities, please get in touch with our Cluster Managers via the email address 
 or with the nominated contact persons within our Business Areas.
Corporate Function Procurement & Supply Management and of the Business Areas
Corporate Function Procurement & Supply Management
Head of Corporate Function Procurement & Supply Management
Head of Procurement Strategy & Development
rothe Erde Business Area Components Technology
Business Area Elevator Technology
Materials Services Business Area Materials Services
Business Area Steel Europe
Vice President, Supply Chain Management
 Sheshan Subarea Songjiang Area 
Mail80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
The fourth revolution
Merging the real world and cyberspace, huge volumes of data forming the basis for accurate production decisions, companies growing together digitally, products and production in digital dialogue: that’s Industry 4.0, also referred to as the fourth revolution, and similarly momentous today as the steam engine was 250 years ago.
400 Millionen Euro
to invest federal government and German industry in the development of industry 4.0
Business processes without boundaries
At one of our hot strip mills we have implemented an Industry 4.0 solution that goes way beyond the boundaries of an individual company. The processes of the supplier, the hot strip mill (manufacturer) and the customers are connected in a digital network.
In dialogue: Producat and production
In our Ilsenburg plant, camshafts and the machines used to produce them are in active dialogue. Each camshaft has its own unique and passes through the production process almost as if it had a first and last name. And it carries a large amount of data.
Big data in elevator maintenance
Elevators are the most frequently used mode of transport in the world – well ahead of cars, trains, buses and planes. Measured in terms of daily trips, waiting times are already very low – but we want to improve them even further using a small, smart box called we developed in association with Microsoft.
Thanks to increasing processing power and improved software tools, we can now design entire car production lines, complete with machines, robots and handling equipment, on the computer.
Staying safe in the Data Space
has implemented the first application for the Data Space, a new virtual data space in which companies can exchange information securely. The first use case is an information system for truck logistics at Steel Europe. It proves that the idea behind the Data Space works.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
We at expect all suppliers to meet the highest expectations regarding sustainability, quality, pricing as well as contract and delivery performance. For any successful collaboration with our suppliers and service providers, it is essential that you provide high flexibility, customer orientation, and full transparency about process and system requirements.
To strategically selected suppliers, offers attractive business opportunities as well as the possibility to develop mutually beneficial pioneering technology. In addition, you can gain access to important expanding markets with strong, growing customer bases. In return, expects exceptional innovation in technologies and processes and the willingness to grow and expand in new ways in order to create cost and market advantages for us and for our customers.
Our procurement is becoming digital
As we are digitalizing our business processes, is using the Ariba procurement system. For you as a supplier, this means: In order to simplify and digitalize processes, orders and invoices are processed online via the portal of the Ariba network.
Find more information on how to register and what the advantages for you as a supplier are on the page Ariba Network-Registration .
The new process has three advantages for you as a supplier:
Digital cooperation with your customers
As a supplier registered in the Ariba network, you gain access to the world's largest B2marketplace, which has already been joined by millions of companies.
You get transparency and constantly updated access to your orders and order changes without manual effort.
Transparency and reliability in receipt of payment
You know exactly when payments are received for which orders and services.
Currently, we are offering the participation in tenders and eAuctions through our existing Supplier and Sourcing Platform of .
In the future, you will have register to participate in tenders via the Ariba network. Registration is free for suppliers. If you need to follow the new process, you will be prompted by email to register for tenders and eAuctions via the Ariba Network.
Digital supplier connection
As a supplier, you can choose between two types of connections Your choice depends on the sales and transaction volume with and the degree of integration of the technical connection. See below for more information about the options.
Skip the emails. Receive and manage orders and invoices in one easy-to-use online dashboard.
Set up a company profile to share with your customers including digital achievement badges to denote your capabilities on Ariba Network.
Transact documents with your customer such as orders, full and partial order confirmation, advance ship notices (ASN), and service entry sheets (SES).
Support for all document types including Supply Chain Collaboration like consignment or forecast collaboration, or schedule agreement releases orders, payment collaboration and more if used by your customer.
Publish eCommerce catalogs which detail your products and services and improves order accuracy.
View and manage online an unlimited number of invoices from one single outbox with easy access from any browser.
Capability to mass download invoices for local archiving.
Direct access to enablement experts for onboarding assistance.
Technical support for configuration and integration assistance.**
Participate in online educational training courses on a wide range of topics including catalogs, cand integration.
Simplify your document processing by integrating directly with your backend systems through cXML, EDI, or files.
Leverage integration adaptors** and deployment services to connect to supported versions of Sage, Peachtree Sage, and Intuit QuickBooks account systems.
Create and export reports that track orders, invoices and other document types.
Customer Relationships *
Multi users
Create user accounts with permissions for different roles in your company.
Ariba Supplier mobile app to access your account, anywhere, anytime.
*single supplier account cannot support customers on both the light account capability and full-account. Once you sign up for a full-use account, it applies to all your customer relationships on Ariba Network.
** Some functionality only applies to higher-level Ariba Network subscriptions. See complete details .
***Functionality may vary based on region and what your customer has chosen to support.
Access light account using emails and notices sent by your customer or Ariba Network.
Retain email communications to respond to requests.
Set up a company profile to share with your customers including digital achievement badges to denote your capabilities on Ariba Network.
Transact documents with your customer such as orders, full and partial order confirmation, advance ship notices (ASN), and service entry sheets (SES).
Email notification and online download provide access to invoices for your local archiving.
Multi users
Create user accounts with permissions for different roles in your company.
Ariba Supplier mobile app to access your account, anywhere, anytime.
Payment visibility and early payment
*single supplier account cannot support customers on both the light account capability and full-account. Once you sign up for a full-use account, it applies to all your customer relationships on Ariba Network.
** Some functionality only applies to higher-level Ariba Network subscriptions. See complete details .
***Functionality may vary based on region and what your customer has chosen to support.
How do you register as a supplier for in the Ariba Network?
If you are invited to participate in an online auction or have been selected as a supplier, you will be contacted by e-mail and we will inform you through the links below about the Ariba Network as well as the registration process. Go to the Ariba Network homepage in your browser and log in to the network.
If you have logged in via the Ariba Network homepage you will receive a registration link from Ariba and will be guided through the portal application step by step.
Detailed help and video tutorials for this process can be found at the Ariba Supplier Support .
Open and configure your access. As an active supplier registered in Ariba, you must accept the letter sent by to you establish a business relationship.
You will then receive the message that your access has been set up successfully and receive all necessary access data.
What is the process from order to invoice?
You will be able to process orders and invoices online in just five steps:
Go to the Ariba Network homepage in your browser and log in to the network. As an active supplier registered in Ariba, you must accept the letter sent by to you to establish a business relationship. After that you only need username and password.
In the inbox of the Ariba website you will find the current orders, which you can download as pdf-documents. They correspond to the previously printed orders and replace them.
Click on "Create invoice" and select the standard invoice. The items as well as the addresses are copied into an invoice. Select the positions of the orders you want to process and enter an invoice number. You can optionally adjust quantities, dates, etc. - the document is ready for dispatch.
Does the invoice comply with the requirements of thyssenkrupp? This is automatically checked before the document is transferred from the Ariba network to thyssenkrupp.
If an invoice deviates from the requirements (for example, if the is missing or you have inadvertently duplicated an invoice reference), you will be promptly notified. This allows you to correct the bill without losing time.
The invoice is finished and checked? Then you can send them to with a single click. It is automatically forwarded to the system. physical bill is no longer necessary.
What costs arise for the use of Ariba Network?
The current data sheets for subscriptions and fees of the Ariba Network can be found here: Ariba: Subscriptions and Pricing .
How can participate as a supplier in online auctions at thyssenkrupp?
If you have been qualified as a supplier for and are linked to via the Ariba Network, you will be invited to participate in online auctions. Registration is free for suppliers.
Is there a separate contract between Ariba and the supplier?
No. There is no separate contract. By registering and creating an Ariba network account, the supplier accepts the terms of use, which are legally binding.
Do additional costs arise for the integration effort to the Ariba Network?
No. The integration support and subsequent efforts are part of the subscription fees payi by suppliers.
How safe is the Ariba network and what happens to my data?
In the Ariba network, the data transfer is performed on the basis of a formal data processing contract to comply with the model clauses. The model clauses will be presented to the supplier during the registration process and can be accepted accordingly by the supplier on the Ariba network. The Ariba network is certified to the Service Organization Controls (SOC) certification standard (levels 1,2 and 3). ensures the security, availability, integrity, confidentiality and privacy of services based on the internationally recognized standards 3402, 1 (16), 2 and 3.
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
 Business Area Components Technology 
 Business Area Elevator Technology 
 Dr. Klaus Keysberg 
 Business Area Materials Services 
 Andreas Goss 
 Business Area Steel Europe 
 Marcel Fasswald 
Mail80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Leading flat steel manufacturer
The Business Area Steel Europe is one of the world’s leading suppliers of carbon steel flat products. With around 27,000 employees and highly efficient facilities, the company produces around over 13 million tons of crude steel per year – making it Germany’s largest flat steel manufacturer.
Steel from stands for innovations in steel, focusing on high-quality products for innovative and demanding applications. Its capabilities range from custom material to material-related services. The company works internationally for a wide range of industries, including the auto, engineering, special vehicle, household appliance, packaging, energy, and construction sectors.
The Duisburg mill is the heart of the company. Its location on the Rhine has been invaluable ever since the site was founded in 1891: Downstream processing operations are performed in Bochum, Dortmund, and the Siegerland area on state-of-the-art rolling and coating lines. Electrical Steel in Gelsenkirchen stands for high-quality grain-oriented electrical steel, while a second subsidiary in Andernach ranks among the world market leaders in tinplate. Steel not only operates in Germany but is also represented on the Chinese market through a joint venture producing premium-quality hot-dip coated steel for the auto industry.
thyssenkrupp's hot-rolled portfolio extends from mild and structural steels to thermomechanically rolled high-strength PERFORM® grades for cold forming. Hot-rolled steel is available pickled and unpickled in a variety of dimensions. The wide range includes our premium product SCALUR®, pickled hot-rolled steel with very close thickness tolerances, sour gas-resistant pipeline steel, manganese-boron steels for hot forming, and dual phase steels for the manufacture of complex high-strength structural elements.
thyssenkrupp's heavy plate product range comprises quarto and cut-to-length plates for a wide variety of applications, tailored to customer requirements. Our high-strength special structural steels N-A-XTRA® and XABO® are used in highly stressed structures such as mobile cranes, our high-strength cold-forming steels PERFORM® in lightweight structures in truck manufacture, our wear-resistant XAR® steels in construction and mining equipment, and our steels in ballistic applications.
offers a broad spectrum of cold-rolled sheet and coated products. Our coatings range from hot-dip galvanized and galvannealed to our Ecoprotect® coating and our aluminum-based aluminum-silicon and galfan® products. In addition we offer electrogalvanized sheet and special finishes such as primetex®, the perfect basis for an outstanding paint finish.
is a leading manufacturer of organic-coated sheet. Attractive and functional coatings from our PLADUR® and Reflections® ranges open up great creative scope for the design of multistory and buildings, facades and roofing. PLADUR® MetalLook finishes with anti-fingerprint properties are the preferred choice for the domestic appliance sector. Our coil-coated products offer premium quality, good formability and optimum corrosion protection.
With TRIBOND®, thyssenkrupp's steel specialists combine different materials in a single product. Consisting of two or three layers produced by hot roll cladding, our composite materials offer properties which cannot be achieved with a conventional monolithic steel material. The vibration-damping composite BONDAL® comprises a viscoelastic polymer sandwiched between two steel face sheets for excellent structure-borne and air-borne sound insulation.
is a global market leader in high-tech electrical steel, a product used throughout the electricity value chain from generation to transmission, distribution and consumption. Our product range includes both semi-finished and fully finished grades. Innovative PowerCore® electrical steels offer extremely high efficiency. The grain-oriented version, produced by a sophisticated process to create its special grain structure, is used in transformers, while non-oriented electrical steel is employed in electric motors, appliances and generators.
As a world leading manufacturer of packaging steel, produces tin-coated, chromium-coated and uncoated blackplate in thicknesses of 0.100 to 0.499 mm in its Rasselstein product range. Depending on customer requirements, the product Thinplate®, an even thinner high-end material but with the same properties, can additionally be painted or film-laminated. Our premium tinplate is used for example for the packaging of food, beverages, and chemical/technical products. Increasingly the material is also being employed in the construction, automobile and electronics sectors.
Manufactured to very close thickness tolerances, precision steel strip from achieves properties similar to cold-rolled steel. In addition it offers excellent surface quality, extremely uniform material properties, tailored microstructures, outstanding forming properties even in high-strength grades, and batch sizes matched to customer needs. This means our precision steel strip is perfect for direct processing as well as for further processing in the cold rolling mill.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Appointed until September 30, 2023 // German
Responsible for the corporate functions Communications, Controlling, Accounting & Risk, Corporate Finance, Investor Relations, Group Processes & Information Technology, Mergers & Acquisitions, Procurement & Supply Management, Strategy, Markets & Development, Taxes & Customs and Global Shared Services. Responsible for the regions (Community of Independent States), Central and East Europe, Greater China and South America. The CFOs of the business areas report directly to Guido Kerkhoff.
Born 1972. responsible for Human Ressources since February 1, 2013. Labor Director since April 1, 2013
Appointed until September 30, 2023 // German
Responsible for the corporate functions Human Resources Strategy, Internal Auditing and People Development & Executive Management, for Regional Services Germany and Corporate Services. Responsible for the German-speaking regions (Germany/Austria/Switzerland/Liechtenstein), Middle East & Africa, India and Asia-Pacific. In addition, the Marine Systems Business Unit and the personnel boards of the Business Areas report directly to Oliver Burkhard.
Born 1962. responsible for Legal & Compliance since February 1, 2014
Appointed until January 31, 2022 // Swiss
Responsible for the corporate functions Legal, Compliance and Technology, Innovation & Sustainability (TIS). Responsible for the regions North America and Western Europe. The business area board members responsible for Legal and Compliance report directly to Dr. Donatus Kaufmann.
Downloads80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Respect, cooperation, and social responsibility are the basis for sustainable business success.
At this philosophy has a long history. The German social security system is based in part on models our company introduced 160 years ago. Equal opportunities and fair pay in line with local standards are a matter of course for us. We offer wages and benefits at least in accordance with national and local statutory and industry standards, including retirement and healthcare benefits.
Furthermore has signed up to the Global Compact and is committed to the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the core labor standards of the International Labor Organization (ILO).
Our Corporate Social Responsibility is also documented by the International Framework Agreement (IFA) on global minimum labor standards in the Group which developed together with the Group workers’ council, the metalworkers' union Metall, and the global union federation "IndustriGlobal Union". The is based on the ILO's Core Labor Standards and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. For the there is an online reporting system available which all employees as well as third parties can use to report cases where standards and principles are not being observed.
The main principles and rules governing our actions as well as the standards we set ourselves in our dealings with business partners and stakeholders are summarized in the Code of Conduct. For employees, managers, and the board, it provides framework guidance on the following issues:
Compliance with the law
Protection of company property
The Code of Conduct describes the most important principles and rules governing the conduct of the Group and its employees.
The download is available as a in various languages.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
The respect for Human Rights is a core value at thyssenkrupp. We are committed to the International Bill on Human Rights of the United Nations and its implementation throughout the whole Group. Our commitment is supported by our signature to 10 principles of the United Nations Global Compact.
The commitment to respect Human Rights is included in several different policies and regulations, starting with the Code of Conduct . It is the highest frame of reference for all managers and employees in the Group and includes all basic principles and rules with respect to responsible and ethical conduct towards persons inside and outside of the Group.
In addition Human Rights are addressed in other policies and regulations, especially in
In the a cross-functional working group is responsible for evaluating the relevant requirements towards with regard to Human Rights and to develop recommendations for policies and processes. The working group consists of the functions Legal, Compliance, Procurement & Supply Management, Human Resources Strategy, Communications as well as Technology, Innovation & Sustainability.
Due Diligence
has implemented several processes to support the respect for Human Rights:
In 2015 the AG, the Group works council, the metalworkers' union Metall, and the global union federation "IndustriGlobal Union" entered into an International Framework Agreement (IFA) on global minimum labor standards in the Group. The includes principles on occupational safety and health, opportunities for career and personal development, the right to fair pay, and the prohibition of child and forced labor and all forms of discrimination.
To record possible infringements, an online reporting system is available. All employees and third parties can use the system – with or without revealing their identity – to report cases where standards and principles are not being observed.
An International Committee with representatives from the Group Works Council, the European Works Council and the union is authorized to intervene in the event of infringements or disputes which cannot be resolved locally. In accordance with the International Framework Agreement, incoming reports will be processed in consultation between the International Committee and AG.
In the Supplier Code of Conduct (SCoC) we outline the expectations we have towards our suppliers with respect to human rights and labor conditions, health & safety, environmental protection and business ethics. We strive to only work with suppliers whose business activities fully comply with the principles of the Supplier Code of Conduct and who signed the related documents.
We regularly conduct risk analyses for our supplier base where we consider country< and sector risks as well as other criteria. If this analysis shows that there is an elevated risk level regarding specific suppliers, then we strive to conduct a risk-based sustainability audit. It is one of our group wide Indirect Financial targets to conduct a minimum of 100 supplier sustainability audits annually regarding policies, management practices and performance in all topics of the SCoThe audits are being performed by an independent and specialized audit company.
The audit results are the fundamental part of our supplier development. In case of deviations from the standard corrective action plans are defined and the supplier needs to prove that effective measures have been taken to fulfill the expectations. In case of significant findings a re-audit has to be conducted. If a supplier is not willing to implement improvement measures the consequence can lead to a termination of contract.
participates in working groups and best-practice-exchange with regard to business and human rights at econsense, the German Global Compact Network as well as several associations and organizations.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of AG
Professor of Business Studies and International Corporate Accounting, Ruhr University Bochum
Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Ursula Gather
Rector of the University of Dortmund
Chairwoman of the Board of Trustees of the Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation
(designated Supervisory Board member)
Chairman of the Management Board of Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG
former Member of the Management Board of Henkel & Co. KGaA
(designated Supervisory Board member)
Power electronics technician at Marine Systems, Kiel
Chairman of the Marine Systems Works Council (Kiel) and Chairman of the Marine Systems General Works Council Union
Head of the Union Educational Activities Department at Metall
Director of the Institute for Codetermination and Corporate Governance (I.M.U.) of the Hans Böckler Foundation
Chairman of the General Works Council of Steel Europe AG
Wholesale and export trader
Chairman of the Works Council of Schulte (Braunschweig) and Chairman of the Works Council Union Materials Services
Chairman of the Works Council of Steel Europe / Electrical Steel - Plant Bochum
Chairman of the General Works Council of Bilstein and Chairman of the Works Council Union Components Technology
General Counsel and Head of Department Governance, Corporate Function Legal at About the supervisory board
In accordance with Article 9 paragraph 1 of the Articles of Association, Article 96 paragraph 1 of the Stock Corporation Act (AktG) and Article 7 paragraph 1 sentence 1 number 3 of the Codetermination Act (MitbestG), the Supervisory Board of is composed of 20 members, of whom 10 are appointed by the shareholders and 10 by the employees. On the basis of its right of designation pursuant to Article 9 paragraph 2 of the Articles of Association, the Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation has designated two out of the 10 Supervisory Board members representing the shareholders.
The term of office of the Supervisory Board members appointed by the Annual General Meeting ends at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2020, which resolves on the ratification of the acts of the Supervisory Board in the 2018/2019 fiscal year. The term of office of the employee representatives ends at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2019, which resolves on the ratification of the acts of the Supervisory Board in the 2017/2018 fiscal year.
The Chairman of the Supervisory Board and the Chairman of the Audit Committee is Prof. Dr. Bernhard Pellens. Chairman of the Strategy, Finance and Investment Committee is Markus Grolms.
The Supervisory Board supervises and advises the Executive Board and is directly involved in decisions of fundamental significance for the Company. To perform its duties the Supervisory Board has set up a total of six committees, which efficiently support the work of the full Supervisory Board. The committees prepare the reof the Supervisory Board as well as the issues to be dealt with at the full-session meetings. In addition, the Personnel Committee resolves in place of the full Supervisory Board on certain matters specified in the Rules of Procedure which can be passed to the Committee for resolution under the statutory provisions. The Supervisory Board presents a report to the shareholders in connection with the annual financial statements. The Supervisory Board has imposed on itself Rules of Procedure. To supplement these, there are also Rules of Procedure for each Committee.
Other Directorships
Memberships of other statutory supervisory boards within the meaning of Art. 125 Stock Corporation Act (AktG) are listed under "Other directorships held by Supervisory Board members" (as of September 30, 2018) on pages 231 and 232 of the 2017/2018 Annual Report. Memberships of other statutory supervisory boards can also be found in the résumés of the Supervisory Board members, which are provided above.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
What we stand for
What we stand for
To us, compliance is a central component of good corporate governance. It means much more than just obeying rules and regulations. It is a question of mindset. It concerns every one of us at thyssenkrupp, every day, everywhere.
Values such as reliability, honesty, credibility, and integrity are not empty words to us, but permeate our corporate This is the standard we apply when developing our strategic compliance measures, creating a value culture which must be jointly supported and consistently lived by all employees – and in particular our managers. written code of values provides the basis for our decisions.
At this value culture is embedded in our Group Mission Statement. Through our compliance commitment the Executive Board takes a firm stance, rejecting compliance violations of all kinds. This unequivocal commitment is supported by a code of conduct and various Group Policies, in particular in the areas of anticorruption and antitrust law.
Compliance: Is it right or is it wrong?
This video shows employees of and former employees who were employed by at the time the film was made. The persons have all given their consent to be shown in the film. We would like to thank all those who took part in this project.
stands for fair and straight business
What's important to us is that our corporate philosophy is lived at all levels of the Group in the interests of “good corporate governance.” We strive to ensure that there are no systemic weaknesses and deficits, in the area of compliance or anywhere else.
At the same time we want to support entrepreneurial courage within a clearly defined framework. While it is part of our philosophy to take calculable entrepreneurial risks and make and accept mistakes, we will not take risks with compliance.
Deliberate violations of the law and internal rules are unacceptable both legally and in our understanding of compliance.
So we have three rules:
We investigate all reports of legal violations and clarify the facts.
Any violations identified are stopped immediately.
All violations identified are systematically and appropriately sanctioned on the basis of a zero-tolerance policy.
People make mistakes. If an employee who has unintentionally violated the law admits his mistake and seriously tries to make amends, he deserves a second chance – the circumstances of the concrete individual case permitting. This too is a question of value culture and fairness in our dealings with each other.
stands for fair and straight business – this is the standard we resolutely pursue. We would rather sacrifice a contract than win it by breaking the rules.
It´s about morality, actually.
This video shows employees of and former employees who were employed by at the time the film was made. The persons have all given their consent to be shown in the film. We would like to thank all those who took part in this project.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
August Thyssen is born on May 17, 1842 in the and mining town of Eschweiler near Aachen as the third child and first son of a wealthy catholic family of entrepreneurs. For 15 years his father Friedrich (1804 - 1877) manages the first steel wire rolling mill in the Rhine province before founding a bank. The hard work, modesty and thrift of his parents make a strong impression on the growing son. Following church school in Eschweiler, August attends grammar school in Aachen before moving in 1859 to the polytechnic school in Karlsruhe for two years to study mechanical engineering and construction. In 1861 he attends the "Institut Supérieur du Commerce de l'État" higher commercial college in Antwerp before starting work at his father's bank.
For the period, August Thyssen has a good technical and commercial education when in 1867 he is first involved in founding a company (Thyssen, Fossoul & Co.) in Duisburg with his brother-in-law Bicheroux. After only four years in which he quadruples his capital investment, he leaves the company to go into business for himself. With his father as a partner, on April 1, 1871 he founds Thyssen & Co, an iron strip rolling mill in Styrum near Mülheim an der Ruhr.
After the death of his father in 1877, August's younger brother Joseph (1844 - 1915) joins the company as co-owner. This gives August Thyssen more time to pursue other business interests, initially in the Ruhr area, later in France and overseas.
In 1872 August Thyssen marries Hedwig Pelzer (1854 - 1940), the daughter of Mülheim businessman Johann Heinrich Pelzer. In the years that follow they have four children: Fritz (1873 - 1951), August (1874 - 1943), Heinrich (1875 - 1947) and Hedwig (1878 - 1960). The couple divorces in 1885; the children are brought up by their father.
From 1878 August Thyssen starts to get involved in processing the products manufactured by Thyssen & Co., including the fabrication of pipes for gas lines. In 1882 he starts rolling sheet at Styrum, for which two years later he sets up a galvanizing shop. The foundation stone for Maschinenfabrik Thyssen & Co. is laid in 1883 with the purchase of a neighboring mechanical engineering company.
In 1891 August Thyssen takes the first step toward creating a vertical company at the Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser coal mine in [Duisburg-]Hamborn, which he expands to an integrated iron and steelmaking plant on the River Rhine. Just before the First World War he starts to expand his group internationally (Netherlands, UK, France, Russia, Mediterranean region, Argentina).
For August Thyssen, the end of the First World War brings not only the loss of his numerous foreign interests and his companies in Lorraine, but also an end to his company expansion. In 1925, already aged over 80, he still has sole control over his businesses and agrees in principle to his companies being transferred to a new group, Vereinigte Stahlwerke On April 4,1926 August Thyssen dies at Schloss Landsberg near Essen. Unlike his sons Heinrich and Fritz, he has not collected any notable works of art apart from seven Rodin sculptures. Heinrich and Fritz share his inheritance between them. workaholic and an extremely creative businessman, August Thyssen perfects the concept of the vertically integrated corporation. For example, he sets up a mechanical engineering company in Mülheim an der Ruhr to build the large gas engines required for his own manufacturing operations. He becomes involved in steel processing, steel coating and shipbuilding for the same reasons. Without making any technical inventions himself, but always with an eye for innovations, he rises from a medium-size entrepreneur to one of the biggest German industrialists of the first quarter of the 20th century. Business profits are invested in the further expansion of his group. In addition to this maxim, August Thyssen also donates several million marks to a variety of charitable organizations (incl. August-Thyssen-Foundation's 'Franziskushaus' orphanage and old-age home in Mülheim an der Ruhr). However, even today little is known of his charitable work. One reason may be August Thyssen's avoidance of any kind of self-publicity. His politics are conservative and nationalistic. In business matters he is fundamentally opposed to cartels and syndicates, but still joins them if it suits his purpose without playing a leading part.
Fritz Thyssen, Amélie Thyssen, Anita Gräfin Zichy-Thyssen
Fritz Thyssen is the eldest son of August Thyssen (1842 - 1926) and Hedwig Pelzer (1854 - 1940). After studying mining and metallurgy in London, Liège and Charlottenburg (Berlin), in 1897 he is appointed by his father to the mining board of the Deutscher Kaiser trade union. At the dawn of the new century Fritz Thyssen joins the supervisory boards of various group subsidiaries as his father's representative and is involved in the management of foreign subsidiaries. Up to the death of August Thyssen he develops technical improvements to the Thyssen iron and steel mill, in particular after the First World War he modernizes and rationalizes the ironworks. However, in his work he is still overshadowed by his father.
Against his father's wishes Fritz Thyssen marries Amélie Zurhelle, daughter of a factory owner from Mülheim am Rhein, in 1900. The couple's only child Anita is born in 1909.
Fritz Thyssen volunteers for service in the First World War, but is discharged in 1916/17 with a lung condition. During the Franco-Belgian occupation of the Ruhr in 1923, as spokesman for the affected mining companies he rejects the orders of the occupying power as illegal, is promptly arrested and together with other industrialists ordered to pay a fine by a French military court. "For his services to uphold German law during the Ruhr conflict" he is made an honorary doctor of law just a few weeks later by the University of Freiburg. Fritz Thyssen nevertheless seeks reconciliation with France; in the mid 1920s he participates in the Franco-German negotiations on founding the international crude steel association. On the establishment of Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG, which unlike his brother Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza (1875 - 1947) he and his father approve, he is elected chairman of the supervisory board as representative of the biggest private shareholder (26%) in 1926. He has no ambition to become chairman of the executive board. He plays a leading role in associations and confederations (German iron and steel industry association, imperial association of German industry, central committee of the imperial bank, etc.). Fritz Thyssen is a conservative nationalist, but not a realist. Up to 1932 he is a member of the German National People's Party (Deutschnationale Volkspartei) and is among the followers of the corporative state ideas of the economist, philosopher and sociologist Othmar Spann. Sections of the initially support the corporative state idea, and for this reason the party requests Fritz Thyssen to set up an "Institute for Corporatism" in Düsseldorf in 1933. Soon to fall foul of national socialist economic policies, the institute is closed in the summer of 1936.
At May 1, 1933 Fritz Thyssen joins the NSDAP, to which he has already donated financial support, the amount of which is generally overestimated. The denazification trials ordered by the Allies in 1948 found that Fritz Thyssen donated around 650,000 Reichsmarks to various right-wing and conservative national political parties and groups, including the NSDAP, between 1923 and 1932. At Hitler's behest he is made a member of the Reichstag and of the Prussian council of state. After 1934 (so-called Röhm-Putsch) Fritz Thyssen increasingly distances himself from the and its objectives, but remains a member of the party and the Reichstag. His move away from thinking culminates in a clean break when he fails to attend the Reichstag assembly in Berlin to approve the German invasion of Poland on September 1, 1939, openly stating in a telegraph to Hermann Göring: "... am against war. ..."
Busts of August Thyssen, (1923 by Georg Kolbe) and Fritz Thyssen (1965 posthumously by Gwendolyn Blume).
Fritz Thyssen flees with his family via Switzerland to France with a view to emigrating from there to Argentina, but his plans are frustrated by the German invasion of France. During this time the so-called autobiography, published under the title "paid Hitler" in New York in 1941, is written. The publisher is the journalist Emery Reves, an American of Hungarian descent. The text is based on dictations, only the first nine chapters of which were edited by Fritz Thyssen himself. The rest, the most frequently quoted section, has been imaginatively embellished by the publisher, and is of limited value as a source of reference on Thyssen's actual movements and his role up to 1939. The very title of the book is misleading and for this reason Thyssen always contested its authenticity. The board of arbitration in the denazification trial agreed with him. Fritz Thyssen and his wife Amélie are among the first Germans to be delivered to the national socialists by the Vichy government at the end of 1940. Their assets are confiscated by the state. After spending two years confined in the secure section of a sanatorium near Berlin, they are both incarcerated first of all in the concentration camp in Sachsenhausen, in February 1945 in Buchenwald and finally in Dachau. Together with other prominent prisoners of the regime they are released by German and soldiers as they make their way through the Alps. Fritz Thyssen is again arrested - this time as a supporter of the - and finally has to submit to just one denazification trial. He is indicted for "minor crimes". As a punishment 15% of his German assets are to be confiscated. An arrangement is reached: In return for the quashing of the confiscation of his assets, Thyssen pays court costs of DM500,000. free man, he emigrates with his wife in January 1950 - ten years later than originally planned. They join their daughter Anita who lives near Buenos Aires and has been married to the Hungarian Count Gabor Zichy (1910 - 1972) since 1936. The union produces two sons Federico (b. 1937) and Claudio (b. 1942) Zichy-Thyssen.
Fritz Thyssen dies of a heart attack on February 8, 1951 in Argentina. Together with his father and brother Heinrich he is buried in the family vault at Schloss Landsberg near Essen. His wife Amélie and daughter Anita are also buried there.
Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza (October 31, 1875 - June 26, 1947)
The youngest son of August Thyssen (1842 - 1926) and Hedwig Pelzer (1854 - 1940) studies chemistry, physics and mineralogy in Munich, Berlin, Bonn and Heidelberg, where he gains a doctorate in chemistry in 1900.
After his marriage to the Hungarian baroness Margareta Bornemisza (1887 - 1971), he is adopted by his father-in-law who has no male heirs. In 1907 Franz Joseph I, Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary, bestows on Heinrich Thyssen and his descendants the right to adopt the name and coat of arms of Bornemisza de Kászon and bear the title of baron. Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza keeps his Hungarian citizenship up to his death in 1947, but in the 1920s and 1930s he intermittently acts as a German national. The marriage produces four children, one of them Hans Heinrich (b. 1921).
After the First World War, Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza flees Austria and moves with his family to The Hague, where he becomes head of Thyssen's foreign interests, the most important one of which is now the Bank voor Handel en Scheepvaart. Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza avoids business dependencies, which is why after the death of his father in 1926 he refuses to invest his inheritance in the newly created trust Vereinigte Stahlwerke As a result August Thyssen's assets are divided between his sons Fritz and Heinrich. Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza inherits the assets which are not to be transferred to Vereinigte Stahlwerke AG, in particular the Dutch banking, trading and transport companies together with some German enterprises (August Thyssen-Bank AG, Preß- und Walzwerk AG, Thyssensche Gas- und Wasserwerke and others) which he initially groups together in the company August Thyssen'sche Unternehmung des In- und Auslandes GmbMost of the firms are later combined in an independent corporate group Thyssen-Bornemisza, which over the following decades develops into a largely international holding company for a number of diversified and service activities.
Successful but deliberately anonymous as a businessman, Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza gains international recognition as an art collector and connoisseur. In the 1920s Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza puts together an impressive collection of European paintings from the 14th to the early 19th century of the highest quality. In 1932 he buys and moves into the Villa Favorita in Castagnola-Lugano, where he installs a spacious gallery to house his art collection. After his death in 1947 his son Hans Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza opens the gallery to the public.
The first records of the Krupp family in Essen date back to 1587. Members of the family generally pursue careers in commerce and local government. Friedrich Krupp, whose father died in 1795, only attends grammar school up to the age of 14 before serving a commercial apprenticeship - partly in the grocery store run very successfully by his business-minded grandmother Helene Amalie Krupp (1732 - 1810). From 1805 he acquires a basic knowledge of metallurgy in the "Gute Hoffnung" iron mill owned by his grandmother. In mid-1807 she transfers ownership of this mill to him, but reverses this decision a year later because of his lack of success. In 1808 Friedrich Krupp marries Therese Wilhelmi, daughter of the Essen merchant Johann Wilhelmi. Over the next few years four children are born: Ida (1809 - 1882), Alfred (1812 - 1887), Hermann (1814 - 1879) and Friedrich (1820 - 1901). From 1808 Krupp, together with co-owners, runs a store selling Dutch produce and after the death of his grandmother in 1810 takes over her grocery store. However, soon afterwards he abandons these stores to concentrate on cast steel production.
On November 20, 1811, during Napoleon's Continental Blockade of Britain, Friedrich Krupp establishes a factory with two partners for the making of English cast steel and all products thereof. From 1816 he runs the operation on his own and develops a process for the manufacture of high-quality crucible steel which he sells in the form of bars, rods, tanner's tools, coining dies and unfinished rolls. The quality of his cast steel is confirmed by the Düsseldorf mint in 1817. However, Friedrich Krupp is unable to build on this initial success and secure the firm's long-term profitability. The building of a new factory eats into the firm's capital so that he is unable to satisfy demand for products in the required quality. Friedrich Krupp is very committed to the city and plays an active role in local government. In the final years of his life his work is affected by ill health. When Friedrich Krupp dies in 1826, crucible steel production has almost come to a standstill. With the support of her oldest son Alfred and other relatives, Friedrich's widow Therese continues the company of which she remains the proprietor until 1848.
Alfred Krupp, the second child and oldest son of Friedrich (1787 - 1826) and Therese (1790 - 1850) Krupp, is forced to leave grammar school and abandon his plans to serve an apprenticeship in the Düsseldorf mint when his father becomes seriously ill. He joins the firm and supports his mother who takes over the management of the company after the death of her husband in 1826. First his sister and later his brothers also join the firm, which now produces cast steel, tanner's tools, coin dies and rolls.
In 1848 Alfred Krupp becomes the sole proprietor of the company which from 1850 experiences its first major growth surge. In 1849 his equally talented brother Hermann (1814 - 1879) takes over the hardware factory Metallwarenfabrik in Berndorf near Vienna, which Krupp had established together with Alexander Schöller six years earlier. The factory manufactures cutlery in a rolling process developed by the brothers. The youngest brother Friedrich also ceases to work for the company.
Krupp's main products are machinery and machine components made of high-quality cast steel, especially equipment for the railroads, most notably the seamless wheel tire, and from 1859 to an increased extent artillery. To secure raw materials and feedstock for his production, Krupp acquires ore deposits, coal mines and iron works. On Alfred Krupp's death in 1887 the company employs 20,200 people. His great business success is based on the quality of the products, systematic measures to secure sales, the use of new cost-effective steel-making techniques, good organization within the company, and the cultivation of a loyal and highly qualified workforce among other things through an extensive company welfare system.
Alfred and Bertha Krupp with son Friedrich Alfred, ca. 1869
In 1853 Alfred Krupp marries the much younger Bertha Eichhoff (1831 - 1888), daughter of August Eichhoff, a retired Rhine customs inspector from Cologne. In 1854 their only son Friedrich Alfred is born.
Throughout his life Alfred Krupp devotes himself to the company and to ensuring its continued long-term survival. He establishes principles which will be upheld at Krupp, specifying that earnings must be ploughed back into the company and the company must be passed down to a single heir only. rather unassuming person in his private life, he is quick to publicly promote the company, its products and also its welfare schemes as a means of advertising. Krupp declines invitations to join political bodies and associations in the same way as he refuses a title of nobility. In his private life he loves the theater, music and small gatherings of his closest friends and relations. But at the same time by building Villa Hügel (1870 - 1873) he creates a worthy representational setting for receiving business visitors. In his old age he withdraws to Villa Hügel, but even then he frequently intervenes - mostly in writing - in the company's business affairs.
Friedrich Alfred Krupp, the only son of Alfred (1812 - 1887) and Bertha (1831 - 1888) Krupp, a sickly child, is initially taught by private tutors before attending the Burggymnasium grammar school in Essen for two years. Friedrich Alfred Krupp has a keen personal interest in metallurgy and would have liked to study at a technical university. In line with the wishes of his father, however, he joins the firm in 1875, at the age of 21. He is not assigned any definite duties, but instead increasingly assumes a mediating role between his father, who lives an isolated existence in Villa Hügel, and the company's directors. As a result he gains an insight into the entire company and develops tactical negotiating skills. In 1882 he is given powers of attorney and in the same year his father allows him to study at Braunschweig technical university at least for a few months. At his instigation the company sets up a second scientifically oriented chemical laboratory in 1883 which is placed under the management of a lecturer from Braunschweig.
In 1882 Friedrich Alfred Krupp marries Margarethe von Ende, the daughter of the Prussian baron August Freiherr von Ende. She is the fourth of ten children and the eldest daughter. Entrusted with domestic duties from an early age, she attends a girls' secondary school for just two years. Against the wishes of her mother she attends a teaching seminary and takes up work as a governess first in England and then at the court of Saxony-Anhalt in Dessau. Friedrich Alfred Krupp first makes her acquaintance in 1872 when she accompanies her father on a visit to Essen. His own father, Alfred Krupp, initially opposes his son's marriage to a member of the aristocracy, but ultimately relents. Daughters Bertha and Barbara are born in 1886 and 1887.
After the death of his father in 1887, Friedrich Alfred Krupp continues the expansion of the company into a horizontally and vertically integrated Group. To this end the Grusonwerk plant in Magdeburg is incorporated in 1892/94 and the Kiel-based shipbuilding company Schiff- und Maschinenbau Germania is purchased in 1896/1902. In 1897 the Group's iron and steel basis is strengthened by the inclusion of the integrated iron and steel mill in Rheinhausen. Friedrich Alfred Krupp expands the range of products to include armored plate, ships, submarines and diesel engines. From 1887 to 1902 the number of employees increases from 20,200 to 43,000.
Friedrich Alfred Krupp has a particular interest in steel production. He introduces scientific steel research at Krupp, thereby paving the way for the successful continued development of stainless steel production. Throughout the Group, including in the newly acquired works, he generously expands the company welfare scheme.
Like his father, Friedrich Alfred Krupp declines a title of nobility. In his political activities, his temporary membership of the Reichstag, and his support of the imperial fleet policy, especially the fleet association, he does not enjoy great success. On the other hand, the results of his research in collaboration with the Naples zoological station into deep sea flora and fauna win him academic recognition.
After Friedrich Alfred Krupp's early and unexpected death, the company is converted into a stock corporation, the shares in which are mostly held by his elder daughter and heiress Bertha Krupp. The company's management is now in the hands of the directors and supervisory board. As Bertha Krupp is still a minor, her mother, Margarethe Krupp, exercises her rights as proprietor until she reaches the age of majority and marries. Margarethe thus becomes head of the company, a task she fulfils with skill and success. She is also involved in the planning and building of the Margarethenhöhe housing estate, which, like the other company benefit schemes, becomes a major lifetime commitment.
Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach (August 7, 1870 - January 16, 1950), Bertha Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach (March 29, 1886 - September 21, 1957)
Gustav von Bohlen und Halbach, the fifth son of seven children of Gustav (1831 - 1890) and Sophie (1837 - 1915) von Bohlen und Halbach, attends grammar school in Karlsruhe before studying law and politics. After gaining his doctorate in 1893 he joins the Baden civil service, moving to the Foreign Office in Berlin in 1897. In 1899 he is appointed diplomatic secretary to the embassy first in Washington and then in Peking. In 1904 he is summoned to the Prussian legation in the Vatican and it is in Rome that he first meets Bertha Krupp.
Bertha Krupp, the elder daughter of Friedrich Alfred Krupp (1854 - 1902) and Margarethe Krupp (1854 - 1931), initially receives private tuition together with her sister Barbara (1887 - 1972) at Villa Hügel. The sisters then attend a housekeeping school for young ladies in Baden-Baden. After the death of her father in 1902 Bertha Krupp becomes the owner of the company, which from 1903 becomes a stock corporation but continues to be family-owned. Since Bertha Krupp is still a minor, her mother, Margarethe Krupp, exercises her rights as owner. In 1906 Bertha Krupp marries the counselor of legation Gustav von Bohlen und Halbach, who is granted the right by royal Prussian decree to bear the name Krupp as a prefix to his own family surname. The couple have six sons and two daughters: Alfried (1907 - 1967), Arnold (1908 - 1909), Claus (1910 - 1940), Irmgard (1912 -1 998), Berthold (1913 - 1987), Harald (1916 - 1985), Waldtraut ( b. 1920) and Eckbert (1922 - 1945).
Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach is appointed to the supervisory board of Fried. Krupp at the end of 1906 and acts as its chairman from 1909 to the end of 1943. In this period the economic development and product range of the Krupp Group are greatly influenced by the general political events: the expansion of the munitions business in World War I, the change in production as a result of the Treaty of Versailles, the financial crisis of the company in 1924/25 and its involvement in the national socialist autarchy and armaments policy with a further change of production. Major new products in this period are the stainless acid-resistant steels developed at Krupp (NIROSTA, V2A), the engineering materials used in particular for tools, as well as locomotives and motor vehicles. The number of employees in the Group fluctuates strongly: between 168,000 at the end of World War I, 30,300 in the Great Depression in 1932 and 243,300 in 1943.
Gustav and Bertha Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach are deeply committed to the social tradition of the company. The company benefits, in particular the building of workers' housing estates, are continued. foundation is set up for domestic health care. Convalescent homes are available for sick employees and their families, as well as a dental clinic. After the early death of their second son, the Arnoldhaus maternity clinic is founded. The tradition of Krupp family members paying visits to long-standing employees on special occasions, e.g. golden weddings, is continued.
Bertha and Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach, 1927
Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach makes an impact beyond the bounds of the company - thanks no doubt in part to his former diplomatic activities. In 1921 he is appointed Prussian state councilor, in 1924 president of the supervisory board of the Bank für Deutsche Industrieobligationen - a bank established to handle the reparations - and from 1934 onwards he serves on the management board of the imperial rail company Reichsbahngesellschaft. From the establishment of the scientific institute Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft zur Förderung der Wissenschaften (today Max-Planck-Gesellschaft) he is closely involved in its development, first as its senator and then as first vice president. Together with his wife he fosters the work of the German museum of natural science and technology in Munich. In 1931 he becomes president of the imperial association of German industry and in 1933 reorganizes it according to new principles of leadership. In 1934 he resigns from this office. Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach did not actively support Hitler or the before 1933. However, when Hitler is elected chancellor he speaks out in favor of the existing state, out of a sense of loyalty to his country. Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach only becomes a member of the in 1940 when Adolf Hitler presents him with the golden badge of honor of the on his 70th birthday.
At the end of 1943 Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach resigns as chairman of the supervisory board of Fried. Krupp His oldest son Alfried becomes sole owner when the company is converted into a sole proprietorship. In 1945 Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach stands trial before the international court of law in Nuremberg in the trial against major war criminals. However, following a car accident in December 1944 and several strokes he is no longer fit to stand trial. For many years Bertha Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach - together with a nurse - takes care of her invalid husband in a small building next to the Blünbach residence where they lived from the summer of 1944 and which has been confiscated by the Allies. After the death of her husband in 1950 Bertha Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach returns to Essen to witness the resurgence of the company. Although Villa Hügel is no longer the family home, after the departure of the Allies it once again becomes a representative meeting place for the company, where Alfried and Bertha Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach receive guests from all over the world.
Alfried von Bohlen und Halbach, the eldest son of Gustav (1870 - 1950) and Bertha (1886 - 1957) Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach, attends grammar school before undergoing practical training in various workshops of Fried. Krupp Having studied metallurgy at the technical universities of Munich, Berlin and Aachen, he graduates as "Diplomingenieur" in 1934 with a thesis on the melting of steel in a vacuum. After completing his training at Dresdner Bank in Berlin, he joins the family firm in 1936.
On October 1, 1938 he is appointed to the board of directors (executive board) of Fried. Krupp As the designated successor to his father he is soon invited to join supervisory boards of other companies and organizations. In early 1941, for instance, he is one of the founding fathers of the Imperial Coal Association and is made vice chairman of the Imperial Iron Association established in 1942. In March 1943 Alfried von Bohlen und Halbach is appointed chairman of the board of directors. On the conversion of Fried. Krupp into a sole proprietorship at the end of 1943 he becomes the exclusive owner of the company and also acquires the right to call himself Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach.
Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach takes over the company at a time when there is little room for independent business decisions - especially in the munitions industry. The state munitions authorities and an increasing number of semi-private control bodies regularly intervene in production planning. From a sense of duty and loyalty he endeavors to meet the demands placed on him, despite the increasingly difficult overall situation toward the end of the war.
At the start of the American occupation Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach is placed under automatic arrest on April 11, 1945. His property is confiscated and he is detained in custody until 1947 when together with eleven of his senior staff he is brought before an American military tribunal in one of the three Nuremberg trials. He stands accused of the same crimes originally brought against his father Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach - crimes against peace and consequent conspiracy. On these charges all the accused are found not guilty. However, on the two other charges of plundering assets in occupied foreign countries and slave labor (crimes against humanity through the employment of foreign forced laborers and prisoners of war) Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach is sentenced to twelve years' imprisonment and all his property is confiscated. Sentences of up to twelve years are handed down to ten of those who stand trial with him. As part of a general amnesty the then high commissioner of the American zone of Germany, John McCloy grants the prisoners an early release in January 1951.
In 1953 Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach is back at the helm of the works, which initially remain under Allied control. Prior to this, as part of the Allied dismantling process, sequestration and divestment orders are placed on his iron and coal holdings. This means that the Group no longer has the raw materials and steel base it so greatly needs. The task now is to build a restructured Group from the remaining manufacturing operations, including the locomotive and motor vehicle factories, the hardmetal factory and the Rheinhaus steel construction works. In addition, new sales regions are developed for the engineering and construction of plant. Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach himself and Berthold Beitz (1913 - 2013), whom he appoints as his plenipotentiary in late 1953, personally contribute to this development on numerous foreign business trips. In 1958 the company, including the iron and coal assets which remain under a divestment order, employs 105,200 people. Krupp achieves higher sales than any other German company.
Since the divestment order can only be fulfilled to a very limited extent for lack of purchase offers, in 1960 Krupp combines the remaining iron and coal operations and strengthens this basis in 1965 by merger with the cast steel company Bochumer Verein für Gußstahlfabrikation In 1961 Krupp opens a production line for drop forgings for engines and vehicles in Brazil. Through further acquisitions the company expands its processing business.
Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach does not enjoy a happy private life. In 1937 he marries Anneliese Lampert, née Bahr (1909 - 1998), and a year later their son Arndt von Bohlen und Halbach (1938 - 1986) is born. The marriage ends in divorce in 1941. In 1952 he marries Vera Knauer, née Hossenfeld (1909 - 1967). This marriage ends in divorce in 1957. Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach is a sailing enthusiast. At the 1936 Olympic Games he wins a bronze medal in the men's eight meter class. In his latter years he devotes his time to landscape photography and comparative music research. In 1966 he donates part of the Villa Hügel library to Bochum university. After his death his extensive record collection is donated to the Folkwang college of music.
In early 1967 Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach announces the conversion of his company into a stock corporation, the shares in which are to be held by a non-profit foundation. This is made possible when his son Arndt renounces his inheritance. Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach dies in July 1967. In accordance with his last will and testament, the non-profit Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Foundation as his heir converts the company into Fried. Krupp GmbH, which is entered in the Commercial Register on January 2, 1968.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Submitting a report
Submitting a report
Bona fide reports help counteract violations at an early stage and limit the damage for our company, our employees, and our business partners. We have therefore set up several channels for contacting us – anonymously if required – to report infringements.
This system for reporting information is open to all employees as well as third parties such as customers, suppliers, and others.
and the corporate function compliance safeguard the interests of the whistleblower not only through this secure Whistleblowing System, but also by providing assurances that all information received by the Corporate Function Compliance at will be treated in confidence, and that all means at our disposal will be used to protect whistleblowers acting in good faith from any disadvantages as a result of their disclosures.
During its investigations, will also strive to protect the legitimate interests of other persons affected by a disclosure. Casting suspicion on another person can have serious consequences for that person. It is essential that the Whistleblowing System is used responsibly.
An open communication culture is a key component of a functioning compliance program. Employees must be able to talk about mistakes openly and above all in good time. For this reason your primary point of contact should always be your supervisor. Non-employees should contact their business partner.
Alternatively: Your compliance officer or compliance manager
If you have the feeling – for whatever reason – that you cannot address your matter with your supervisory or business partner, contact our Compliance department:
If you work for thyssenkrupp, you can also contact your compliance officer or the compliance manager responsible for your company directly. detailed list of contacts is available on the intranet.
Internet-based whistleblowing system
The whistleblowing system can be used to report possible violations of antitrust and anti-corruption laws or company policies within the Group – anonymously if required.
Our electronic whistleblowing system is available on the Internet in 34 languages for all employees as well as customers, suppliers, and other third parties. Reports received are reviewed and handled by compliance officers. It is possible to set up a secure postbox to enable communication – anonymously if required – between compliance officers and whistleblowers.
and the corporate function compliance safeguard the interests of the whistleblower not only through this secure Whistleblowing System, but also by providing assurances that all information received by the Corporate Function Compliance at will be treated in confidence, and that all means at our disposal will be used to protect whistleblowers acting in good faith from any disadvantages as a result of their disclosures.
During its investigations, will also strive to protect the legitimate interests of other persons affected by a disclosure. Casting suspicion on another person can have serious consequences for that person. It is essential that the Whistleblowing System is used responsibly.
To submit an electronic, Internet-based report, please click here .
Reports can also be submitted at any time via a telephone hotline. Reports received are reviewed and handled by compliance officers. Here, too, we promise to treat information received in confidence and to do everything possible to protect informants acting in all conscience against possible disadvantages resulting from reporting information.
The hotline is available in 34 languages. Toll-free numbers have been set up in more than 50 countries.
In-person advice: External lawyer of trust (Ombudsman)
Employees can also contact the external ombudsman, if there is a suspicion of an offense or violation of internal regulations. The Ombudsman is an independent attorney-at-law. He respects the anonymity of the reporter, if desired. The use is voluntary and free of charge for reporters.
Dr. Carsten Thiel von Herff is acting as Ombudsman of He has extensive experience as Ombudsman for various well-known companies, including the German Football League, Allianz and IKEA.
Dr. Carsten Thiel von Herff, LL.M.
Cell phone: +49 151 582 303 2180 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Our “Compliance 2020” strategy was initiated in the 2013/2014 fiscal year. Its aim is to embed compliance more extensively and sustainably throughout the Group.
To this end we continuously optimize our global training programs, promote the deeper integration of compliance into our business processes, and expand our targeted communications.
In recent years the integration and establishment of measures relating to anti-money laundering and data protection was the focus of our compliance activities. In relation to other topic areas – such as occupational safety and environmental protection – the Compliance function has taken on the role of advisor, coordinator, and consolidator. Responsibility for content in these areas remains with the competent corporate functions and business areas. The Compliance team provides support and advice and ensures uniform reporting to the Executive Board.
Compliance program further developed on a risk-oriented basis
In the 2013/2014 fiscal year we carried out a Groupwide bottom-up risk assessment. Based on a detailed questionnaire the Compliance team analyzed objective risks, mainly in the areas of antitrust law and corruption prevention, and the degree of implementation of the compliance program at the Group companies. In a second step, workshops were held at over 100 Group companies, in which measures were developed to address the risks identified.
The results of the risk analysis enable compliance activities to be managed in a very targeted and efficient way, both at Group level and in the regions. The business areas can include the results of the analysis in their strategies and manage their business activities on a risk-oriented basis. At operating level, the responsible officers can focus more on risk aspects in day-to-day business and reduce compliance risks.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
for the cars of the future
Reducing emissions is a key aim for the cars of the future. We can provide the necessary – for example with InCar plus, a project that can save up to 1.76 tons of CO2 over the lifetime of a car, and with our special steel for electric motors. Our battery production lines and a broad range of lightweight steels also contribute to sustainable mobility.
InCar plus – for the cars of the future
The cars of the future need to be lighter, greener, and more economical. And that can be achieved if experts from all disciplines work together – as in the InCar plus project. The innovations developed under this project can save up to eight grams of CO2 per kilometer. Over the entire life cycle of a car, InCar plus stands for CO2 savings of 1.76 tons per vehicle.
Electrical steel: The heart of an electric motor
Are powerful batteries the most important thing for electric motors in cars? Not quite. very special material is needed to get the power from the battery onto the road: electrical steel. This material is of key importance for the torque and efficiency of electric motors.
Battery plant technology: Cost-efficient battery production
In our own technical center in Hohenstein-Ernstthal in the German state of Saxony, we test all aspects of battery production from cell to complete system. This work forms the basis for the planning and design of production lines for electric car batteries.
Automotive weight reduction: Ultrahigh-strength steels and composites
The automotive industry faces a number of major challenges, the greatest of which is to cut CO2 emissions. Automotive weight reduction with steel makes an important contribution to this, especially because it makes ecological sense and can be achieved economically. This makes it a practicable solution even for small and mid-size vehicles where cost pressure is high – i.e. the majority of all cars.
Efficient powertrains: Less can be more
The intake and exhaust valves on an engine open up to 3,000 times a minute, that’s more than 12 million times over the lifetime of a car. How wide they open is controlled by the shape of the cams on the camshaft – a technology that has been in use since the 19th century. We have now improved it significantly.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
The term “corporate governance” stands for responsible corporate management and control geared to long-term value creation. Efficient cooperation between Executive Board and Supervisory Board, respect for shareholder interests, openness and transparency of corporate communications are key aspects of good corporate governance.
At good corporate governance is an issue which embraces all areas of the Group. It promotes the trust of investors, financial markets, business partners, employees, and the general public in the management and oversight of the Company and is essential to the Company's sustainable success. The Executive Board and Supervisory Board regard it as their duty to secure the Company's continued existence and sustainable value creation through responsible corporate governance focused on the long term.
The Executive Board and Supervisory Board work closely together in the interest of the Company. An intensive, continuous dialogue between the two boards is the basis for efficient corporate management. We have enhanced and intensified this dialogue step by step and in accordance with national and international standards.
Corporate governance at is based on the German Corporate Governance Code (DCGK), as published by the Government Commission on February 26, 2002 initially and amended most recently on February 7, 2017. complies with all recommendations of the The is a recognized standard for good corporate governance at German exchange-listed companies. The Executive Board and Supervisory Board of issued a declaration of conformity in accordance with Art. 161 AktG.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Product responsibility over the entire lifecycle
Product responsibility over the entire lifecycle, sustainability, a clear assessment of future markets and the ability to bring new ideas to market quickly – those are the keystones of our innovation strategy. How do we do it? Product Lifecycle Management ensures seamless integration and real-time availability of all data generated during a product’s lifecycle. Innovation Foresight ensures that our decisions today are the right ones for tomorrow. Our TechCenters are focused on cross-cutting technologies that will shape our future. Our aim is to advance these technologies quickly – and leverage them for the Group.
Innovation is putting a new product, not just inventing it.
The economist Joseph Schumpeter described innovation as “the market introduction of a novelty, not just its invention” – in other words, a good idea alone is not enough to create a successful product.
Having a structured product development process helps keep innovation work on the right track. Our Product Lifecycle Management system (PLM) ensures the seamless integration and real-time availability of all information generated over the lifetime of a product. The process includes not only the innovation/invention, plus portfolio management, and early integration of customer and market requirements, but also its engineering, production, and after-sales service, right through to the end of the product life cycle when we take the product off the market.
Our Group-wide requirements for apply to all products, solutions, and services of thyssenkrupp. They are adapted by the business areas to their specific needs. This framework sets out a process which enables us to harmonize and manage all stages of a product life cycle. Among other things it allows us to provide our customers with products and services tailored exactly to their requirements.
is also part of thyssenkrupp’s digital transformation and one of the three main elements for the implementation of Industry 4.0. Connecting all areas involved in the value chain ensures that all relevant information is available all the time.
Since for us, too, innovation is the market introduction of a novelty – not just its invention.
Innovation Foresight: Leap into the future
Strategy needs a vision of the future. Ultimately, it’s about making decisions today that set us in the right long-term direction. And the future here means in more than 20 years.
"Making decisions today that will be proven right more than 20 years from now."
We have a process that helps us develop our vision of the future. Innovation Foresight is a variety of futurology, an academic research discipline with reliable methods used by many companies.
And when someone from goes to an today, they are naturally asked: “What do you think mobility will look like in the future?” Foresight makes it possible to provide competent answers to such questions.
Mobility and the forms it may take after 2030 is one of the fields we address in the Innovation Foresight process. Others include agriculture, air, and water quality, buildings and infrastructure, and production. In these areas we develop scenarios to which we align our long-term research activities.
TechCenter: As creative as start-ups
Our TechCenters bring together a variety of experts, from aircraft developers to automotive experts, machine builders to elevator engineers, materials experts to project planners. Each can contribute their own experience and ideas. Each can profit from the results developed at the TechCenters. And they all work on a cross-sector basis.
"Everyone can profit from the results of the TechCenters."
But what are these TechCenters? They are essentially innovation service providers for the business areas. They address specific cross-sectoral technologies that will be of importance for us in the future. The aim is to advance these technologies quickly and make them available to the Group. The TechCenters are like high-speed boats that make the Group mother ship even faster.
Take the TechCenter Carbon Composites, for example: Work here focuses on carbon fiber-reinforced plastics (CFRPs), including both part design and processing technology. TechCenter Carbon Composites provides support along the entire value chain, from part planning to selection of additives to recycling.
TechCenter Control Technology brings together specialists for drive, control, and automation applications. The engineering team also shares its experience in maglev technology.
The interdisciplinary team has been working together successfully for several years on demanding system and process development projects at our companies.
The aim of the TechCenter is to help the companies build out their own expertise and impart an understanding of the functional relationships to their teams.
also uses the Innovation Garage to work on trends and technologies of the future. Employees from all Group areas and levels come together on an equal footing and form interdisciplinary teams. Young trainees work hand-in-hand with experienced project engineers. Together, they learn new ways to innovate. Find out more about one of the example projects:80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
European industry and millions of its employees have benefitted for over half a century from peace, freedom and economic cooperation. It is the basis of our economic prosperity and quality of life. And that foundation must not be jeopardised. This is why we, as internationally operating companies, are declaring our common commitment – to an open, united and strong Europe!
The European Economic Community (EEC), a milestone in the economic and political cohesion of Europe, was founded 60 years ago, at a time when the rubble of two devastating world wars had not been completely removed and our continent bore all the scars of war and suffering. The Europe in which we now live is a different, better Europe.
As the largest internal market in the world, Europe is a heavyweight in international trade. The per capita of the six founding nations of the has since tripled in size. We have a degree of personal prosperity and freedom that was unimaginable directly after the end of the 2nd World War.
As internationally operating companies, we are all agreed that Europe gives us many benefits and now is the right moment for us to give something back.
From the outset, political and economic integration were mutually supportive growth drivers. The common market was just the starting point of an increasingly interwoven European world: goods and services are freely traded today, and every day the old borders and language barriers are disregarded as a matter of course. It is where people meet. It is the lifeblood of Europe. While it needs to be discussed which topics the should address itself and which it should leave to the member states, we should return to a focus on the benefits of the union instead of constantly complaining about red tape and regulation.
Yet these benefits of European integration are often seen as the norm. The fact that they only emerged as the result of enormous effort is sometimes overlooked or forgotten. But we in our companies experience the many benefits of Europe on a day-to-day basis. Our everyday life and working world is an international one. And we want to draw attention to that.
We are committed to supporting the future of Europe, which is why this issue is and will remain important for our communication agenda. We support all areas of society actively and constructively lobbying for European unity. And we want to encourage those responsible in government, industry and society to continue strengthening the cause of a united Europe and work together on making it better. As internationally operating companies, we want to play our part in this.
For peace, freedom and prosperity – for a united Europe!
Group, Deutsche Bank, Volkswagen, Lanxess, Axel Springer, RWE, innogy, Deutsche Telekom, thyssenkrupp80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Organizational and management structure
Organizational and management structure
Our business operations are organized in five business areas: Components Technology, Elevator Technology, Solutions, Materials Services and Steel Europe. With the sale of the Brazilian steel mill in February 2017 the former sixth business area Steel Americas is reported as a discontinued operation until the closing of the sale in September 2017. The business areas are divided into business units and operating units. In 79 countries, 461 companies and 25 investments accounted for by the equity method are included in the consolidated financial statements.
The Group is led strategically by Founded in 1999 as a stock corporation under German law, the company has dual domiciles in Essen and Duisburg. Our corporate headquarters is in Essen. The Executive Board of sets the strategy for the Group’s development and steers the business areas, the corporate functions, the regions and the service units. We define our strategic growth regions as North and South America, India, Asia/Pacific, Greater China, the Middle East and Africa. Our headquarters in these growth regions are located in Chicago, São Paulo, Mumbai, Beijing, Singapore and Istanbul. The regions of West Europe, Central and East Europe, the Commonwealth of Independent States, and the German-speaking region are managed from our headquarters via the various corporate functions.
The Group’s Strategic Way Forward is focused on concrete goals for the individual business areas and increased global connectedness and cooperation. Accordingly we operate in a multidimensional management structure (matrix structure) made up of operating businesses, corporate functions, regions, and service units. Within this structure clear roles and responsibilities, rules and standards for cooperation, and processes and reporting lines have been defined. The “Global Shared Services” unit combines the main transaction and administration processes in inhouse service centers – this ensures that on the administrative side too we stay competitive in terms of efficiency and performance. These are generally site-independent tasks such as certain accounting, IT, real estate service and sub-processes. Alongside the two German locations in Essen and Bochum we also operate regional service centers in Gdansk (Poland), Porto Alegre (Brazil), Alpharetta (USA) and Thane (India). further center is currently being established in China.
The Group’s structure is routinely reviewed as part of the annual strategy process and adapted if required. This ensures that we remain competitive in line with current market conditions.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
In respect of corruption and antitrust violations, the Executive Board of has issued the following Compliance Commitment which unequivocally expresses its stance on compliance with the corresponding laws and Group policies.
Compliance commitment*
stands for technological competency, innovation, customer orientation, and motivated, responsible employees. These factors are the basis of our high reputation and the long-term economic success of the Group in global competition.
Corruption and antitrust violations threaten these success factors and will not be tolerated (zero tolerance).
For us, bribes and cartel agreements are not a means of winning business. We would rather forgo a contract and fail to reach internal goals than act against the law.
All employees are requested to cooperate actively in their areas of responsibility in implementing the compliance program.
Oliver Burkhard, Member of the Executive Board and CHRO
Dr. Donatus Kaufmann, Member of the Executive Board
Guido Kerkhoff, Member of the Executive Board and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
With its compliance program, has taken wide-ranging measures to ensure compliance with corruption and antitrust regulations and the Group policies based thereon. Infringements will not be tolerated and will result in sanctions against the persons concerned. All Executive board members and managing directors, all senior executives and other employees must be aware of the extraordinary risks which corruption and antitrust violations can signify for as well as for them personally.
* Initially resolved by the Executive Board of on April 16, 2007.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
The Chief Compliance Officer, Dr. Christoph Klahold, is head of the Corporate Function Compliance at and reports directly to the Executive Board member of responsible for Legal & Compliance, Dr. Donatus Kaufmann.
Alongside more than 75 full-time Compliance staff members there are over 350 Compliance Managers worldwide. These are top executives of the individual Group companies (generally the or Managing Director) who as part of the top leadership level are responsible for ensuring the right tone from the top. They represent compliance in the company and are our spokespeople in the operating units worldwide. And of course they work closely together with the Compliance Officers, who disseminate our key messages and support the compliance managers by acting as strategic business partners and providing a “helping hand.”
The Compliance Officers and Regional Compliance Officers advise, inform, and educate employees around the world about the relevant laws and internal policies. They have access to a network of over 350 Compliance Managers, (generally) managing directors of Group companies, who ensure the compliance program is implemented at operating level in their areas of responsibility.
Our activities: Cross-cutting within the business areas and in the regions
At five compliance departments have been installed:
The Awareness & Prevention department is responsible for the continuous further development and implementation of the compliance program.
The Projects, Reporting & Processes department carries out projects for the further development of the compliance program and standardizable processes, and oversees the internal compliance reporting system.
The Investigation department takes care of routine compliance audits and investigations into suspected infringements. Any information concerning infringements of the compliance program is addressed and investigated on the basis of defined processes and procedures.
The Regions department strengthens our compliance advice activities in high-risk regions through regional compliance officers who, acting at local level and with knowledge of local laws and culture, advise selected foreign companies and carry out training programs on compliance-related issues.
The Data Protection department works towards ensuring that personal data are handled in accordance with the law and on the basis of appropriate standards at and service providers of throughout the world. For Group companies in Germany this department also assumes the role of data protection officer in the meaning of the Federal Data Protection Act.
In the business areas, compliance advice and classroom training are provided by centrally responsible compliance officers, who report directly to the Chief Compliance Officer.
To allow us to take into account local legal or cultural requirements, Regional Compliance Officers have been appointed for eleven regions. Some of these regions include several countries. The Regional Compliance Officers ensure close cooperation between the compliance departments of the operating companies and Group headquarters.
At the Group companies Compliance Managers are selected from among the top managers. As part of their corporate responsibility in forming a first line of defense, they are responsible for the implementation of the compliance policies. Based on defined roles and responsibilities, they are part of the compliance team and communicate closely with the full-time Compliance Officers.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
The indicators used throughout the Group for profitability, value added and liquidity form the basis for operational and strategic management decisions at thyssenkrupp. We use them to set targets, measure performance and determine variable components of management compensation. For us, the most important financial indicators – the key performance indicators in accordance with 20 – are adjusted earnings before interest and taxes (adjusted EBIT), Value Added (tkVA) and free cash flow before & (before & A).
As part of the annual strategy process the Group’s Executive Board defines long-term targets, also for the business areas. These form the framework for the short and medium term financial targets and also for the budget and medium term plans which have to be prepared by all units.
provides information on the profitability of a unit. It contains all elements of the income statement relating to operating performance. This also includes items of financial income/expense that can be characterized as operational, including income and expense from investments where there is a long-term intention to hold the assets. Adjusted is adjusted for special items, i.e. excluding disposal losses/gains from & (mergers & acquisitions) transactions, restructuring expenses, impairment charges/impairment reversals and other non-operating expenses and income. It is more suitable than for comparing operating performance over several periods.
The adjusted of the Group and the business areas and the special items are described in detail in the sections “Group review” and “Business area review” in the report on the economic position. Please also refer to the reconciliation in the segment reporting (Note 23).
tkis the value created in a reporting year. This indicator enables us to compare the financial performance of businesses with different capital intensity. tkis calculated as minus or plus the cost of capital employed in the business. Capital employed mainly comprises fixed assets, inventories and receivables. Deducted from this are certain non-interest-bearing liability items such as trade accounts payable. To obtain the cost of capital, capital employed is multiplied by the weighted average cost of capital (WACC), which includes equity, debt and the interest rate for pension provisions.
Information on tkin the reporting year can also be found in the section “Group review”.
before & permits a liquidity-based assessment of performance in a period by measuring cash flows from operating activities excluding income and expenditures from material portfolio measures. It is measured as operating cash flow less cash flows from investing activities excluding cash inflows or outflows from material & transactions. This too links more directly to operating activities and facilitates comparability in multi-period analyses.
reconciliation and details on the development of before & are provided in the analysis of the statement of cash flows in the section “Results of operations and financial position”.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Human rights, fair working conditions, environmental protection and the battle against corruption – these are values that we hold high within our Group and throughout our supply chain. We at are committed to the United Nations Global Compact . Acting responsibly is firmly integrated in our procurement processes. When awarding contracts, our decisions are not only based on economic, technological and process criteria. Sustainability is also playing a key role in our supplier management. Moreover, we continuously develop our processes. This also means, for example, that we want to further increase transparency regarding the origin of raw materials and so-called conflict materials to detect risks early.
Supplier Code of Conduct
As we are committed to treating employees, customers, suppliers and local residents responsibly and with fairness, we expect our suppliers to share this commitment with us. At thyssenkrupp, we have therefore developed the Supplier Code of Conduct , outlining our expectations of sustainability and compliance to be met by our suppliers. The Supplier Code of Conduct is based upon the principles of the United Nations Global Compact and the United Nations universal declaration of Human Rights.
We strive to only work with suppliers whose business activities fully comply with the principles of the Supplier Code of Conduct and who signed the related documents upon request.
Various risk analyses help our Group identify risks early. In addition, we ask our suppliers to provide comprehensive information on pertinent processes and management systems via self-assessments.
Sustainability Audits/Supplier Development
If our supplier risk analysis shows that there is an elevated risk level regarding specific suppliers, then we strive to conduct a risk-based sustainability audit.
Supplier sustainability audit findings show us in which areas a supplier needs to improve. We can give concrete recommendations on how to address the individual topics.
In Fiscal Year 2015/16, 185 suppliers were audited. The auditor is an independent international company. As thyssenkrupp, our target is to audit a minimum of 100 suppliers annually with a view to sustainability standards.
The mining of certain minerals in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and the adjoining countries partially contributes to significant human rights abuses and to the financing of violent conflicts in this region. In 2010, Congress passed legislation that is usually referred to as “Dodd-Frank Act” (full name: “Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act”). Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) require companies who file reports with the to disclose whether the products they manufacture or contract to manufacture contain "conflict minerals" that are "necessary to the functionality or production" of those products. "Conflict minerals" contain tantalum, tin, tungsten (and the ores from which they originate) and gold, regardless of where they are sourced, processed or sold.
(including all its subsidiary companies) does not file reports with the and therefore has no legislative obligations to comply with the conflict minerals requirements covered in Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act. At the same time we recognize the final rule for Section 1502 mandates our direct and indirect customers to undertake due diligence across their global supply chains.
We at endeavor not to purchase any material that contains these "conflict minerals" which directly or indirectly finance or benefit armed groups in the or an adjoining country. We are implementing reasonable due diligence processes to understand where "conflict minerals" are being used in our products and to determine the source and the origin within our supply chain. These actions are based on established frameworks of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and from other private sector initiatives. We are contacting our direct suppliers to increase the transparency of the materials they provide to thyssenkrupp. We will continue to work closely with customers, suppliers and other stakeholders to secure good practices and feasible solutions.
is a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact and supports the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the core labor standards of the International Labor Organization (ILO). Group is commited to eradicate slavery and human trafficking in its supply chain and own operations. Our efforts to achieve this are described in the " Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement for and its Subsidiaries ", which is made pursuant to section 54 of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015.
In this section80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Sustainability strategy and targets
Sustainability strategy and targets
Sustainability is a core component of our corporate strategy . As a diversified group we aim to supply innovative products, technologies and services worldwide that contribute to the sustainable success of our customers.
Together with our customers we are looking to the future, and our decision-making processes include both business considerations and ecological and social aspects. The basis for this is a 360 degree view of our value and production chains. In this way we improve our performance and strengthen the future of our company.
Anchoring in the organization
Sustainability activities in the Group are managed and developed by the Sustainability Committee, which consists of the Group Executive Board, the CEOs of the business areas and heads of various corporate functions. The Committee takes decisions on tk’s overall sustainability strategy, including the setting and monitoring of targets as well as the review and implementation of key stakeholders' expectations.
Furthermore, a dedicated Sustainability Council, consisting of representatives of the business areas and the corporate functions of AG, implements key processes and coordinates data collection processes as well as initiatives in the frame of tk’s sustainability strategy.
The overall sustainability management as well as the coordination of the Sustainability Committee and Council lie within the Corporate Function Technology, Innovation & Sustainability.
Indirect Financial Targets to secure continuous improvement
aims to continuously improve its sustainability performance.
In this frame, the Sustainability Committee has set Indirect Financial Targets (IFTs) in the areas of technology and innovations, environment, climate, energy, purchasing and people. Progress towards these targets is measured annually and factored into variable compensation for management via the sustainability multiplier (more information can be found in the Compensation Report ).
new target has been adopted for energy efficiency: in the 2018/2019 fiscal year energy efficiency gains of 100 GWh are to be achieved (continuing operations only). The R&intensity target was also adjusted: the new adjusted R&intensity target is 3.0% (continuing operations only).
Overview about Indirect Financial Targets
Annual energy efficiency gains of 150 GWh in 2017/2018 and 100 GWh in 2018/20191
GWh
Integrated reporting approach
provides continuous and fully integrated reporting on its sustainability performance in its annual report and on its corporate website, based a set of national and international standards like the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), the Global Compact, Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), International Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), and others as well as applicable regulations like the German Commercial Code (HGB), the Directive and the German Accounting Standards (DRS). The company does not publish a printed sustainability report or a separate online report. All essential content is published in our annual reporting and additional information on our webpages.
Materiality analysis
central element of the materiality analysis of sustainability issues is the view of the company’s management. This approach is based on established management reporting standards (such as the German Accounting Standards, DRS). Management’s view naturally includes the interests of the various stakeholders as well as the requirements of the reporting standards, and assesses them in the context of the company. Accordingly, the sustainability strategy is fully integrated in the corporate strategy.
Our integrated sustainability reporting system is based on the reporting boundary of our financial reporting, which in turn is based on standards and the German Commercial Code (HGB). Unless otherwise stated, the information refers to all fully consolidated operations. In accordance with we also report on our 50% shareholding in Hüttenwerke Krupp Mannesmann (HKM).
Our Annual Report includes key information for the fiscal year, which at starts on 1st October and ends on 30th September. Additional reporting on the webpage takes place on an ongoing basis and is not tied to a specific reporting cycle. Performance indicators refer to a fiscal year. Unless otherwise indicated, the data always refer to the past fiscal year.
Data collection processes
Integrated sustainability reporting includes a large amount of data collected via a variety of data systems. These data systems are adapted to the specific challenges of the area involved. All content in the Annual Report is audited externally, as are relevant environmental and energy data (e.g. CO2 emissions or energy consumption).
Overview of non-financial disclosures
The full non-financial disclosures pursuant to § 289b are integrated in the various sections of the combined management report as this information is important for understanding the business performance and position of the Group.
The combined disclosures relating to the Group apply equally to In compiling the information, various frameworks, e.g. Global Compact, were used as a guide. Risks of negative environmental and social impacts from thyssenkrupp’s business activities are also addressed in the various sections of the management report. Based on this, there are no additional risks to be reported in the risk report. Respect for human rights and social matters in the meaning of German (HGB) are addressed as cross-cutting issues which have large overlaps with each other and with employee concerns. Beyond this, the aspect of social matters is important but not necessary for an understanding of our business performance, the situation of the Group, or the impacts of business activity.
The folllowing overview of the non-financial disclosures refers to the relevant sections in the annual report 2017/2018. Furthermore, additional information can be found in the relevant sections of the tk website.
Environmental issues
We have compiled answers to frequently asked questions. As a general rule you will also find most of the information on the relevant pages, e.g. environment, climate & energy or compliance . Our experts would be pleased to help with any further information you may require on sustainability at thyssenkrupp. Direct your inquiries to the “Sustainability Strategy, Reporting & Ratings” team. Please note that due to the large number of inquiries, it is not always possible to answer all questions. In addition, journalists can contact the press department , investors and analysts our Investor Relations team, and suppliers our Purchasing function .
Where can find thyssenkrupp’s sustainability report?
provides continuous and fully integrated reporting on its sustainability performance within its annual report and on its corporate website . Accordingly, the sustainability report is made up of various documents. The overview page on sustainability provides links to all key content.
Can you send me a printed sustainability report?
As neither our website content nor our annual report is published in printed form, the content is only available online.
Who is responsible for sustainability at thyssenkrupp?
At thyssenkrupp, responsibility for sustainability lies with the Executive Board and the Sustainability Committee. Activities are coordinated by the corporate function Technology, Innovation, and Sustainability. Click here to find out more.
Human rights play a relevant role in various management processes at thyssenkrupp. Accordingly, our human rights policy is made up of various documents, above all the Code of Conduct , the Supplier Code of Conduct , further policy for Occupational Safety and Health , and the International Framework Agreement . It is therefore implemented in particular in the Group’s processes relating to compliance , procurement and employee rights .
have a project that could be of interest to and am looking for support. Who should contact?
is involved in a large number of projects around the world. In your inquiry please indicate the connection your project has with thyssenkrupp’s business and which of the company’s sites it could fit in with.
In which sustainability indexes is listed and how well does the company rank?
is included in a variety of indexes and rankings, such as CDP, oekom, sustainalytics and These days, the majority of indexes rank individual aspects rather than providing an overall rating. At (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), which still provides an overall rating, was included on CDP's global List in 2017, making it one of the leading companies in the German Stock Index (DAX).
am writing a degree dissertation on the subject of corporate social responsibility. Does take part in studies of this kind?
Like many other major corporations, receives numerous requests to take part in studies. As a result we can only take part in a select few. Please check out this website first to see if the information you require is not already provided.
United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) Index of (Communication on Progress)80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
is committed to open, constructive, and transparent dialogue. To this end is involved in various local projects, cooperations, multi-stakeholder initiatives and associations.
Corporate Citizenship & Corporate Social Responsibility
regards the ideas and requirements of its stakeholders as central factors for business success and sustainability management. It is therefore natural that we maintain a continuous dialogue with customers, employees, investors, government, neighbors, and other representatives of civil society. Sustainability aspects play an increasingly important role in this.
The formats of the stakeholder dialogue differ according to target group, business sector, or concrete issues. Among others they include: customer and sales talks, research and development collaborations and networks, employee feedback talks and internal events, employee surveys, roadshows, general meetings, political dialogue, neighborhood dialogue, partnerships with schools and universities, forums and conferences on specific topics as well as trade shows and other events.
is committed to open, constructive, and transparent dialogue. To this end is involved in various multi-stakeholder initiatives and associations such as the United Nations Global Compact, econsense, the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the World Steel Association and the Federation of German Industries (BDI).80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Diversified by sector, united by innovation
Innovations rarely happen within traditional company boundaries any more. The real breakthroughs are achieved by collaboration across different sectors. As a diversified group has a structural advantage here.
Compartmentalized thinking was yesterday. Today, teamwork is called for. Collaboration across traditional industry boundaries – that’s thyssenkrupp. Our elevator is a prime example.
Cross-industry collaboration in Carbon2Chem
Carbon2Chem isn’t just a promising solution for reducing CO2 emissions from plants. The project also shows what advantages can be gained when an organization spans several different industries.
New steel, plus processing technology from a single source
The challenges facing the next generation of cars are huge, but innovative steels can help solve them. company able to supply car manufacturers not only with a new material but also with the appropriate processing technology is at a real advantage.
Energy transition in chlorine production
Chlorine is a key basic material in the chemical industry. Around 70 percent of all chemical products are manufactured using chlorine or its compounds. We have a process that reduces energy consumption in chlorine production by up to 45 percent.Skip Navigation
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
Thyssen and Krupp - companies going through change
Thyssen and Krupp - companies going through change
An unusual company start-up
From group to operating company
From steel group to technology conglomerate
Lead up to the merger with Krupp
Development to a major group
Evolution of the group structure
Lead up to merger with Thyssen
Mail80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Materials and services – everything from a single source for your success!
With around 480 sites in 40 countries, the Materials Services business area is focused on global materials distribution.
Our exceptionally wide and deep portfolio includes a diverse range of custom services – from product advice and quality management to tailored supply chain and technical and infrastructure services for the manufacturing and processing sector.
Broad portfolio of products and services
Our portfolio is huge. The variety of products and services we offer includes not only carbon steel, stainless steel, and nonferrous metals, but also plastics in virtually all shapes, grades, and sizes. In our service centers and branches across the world, we have extensive facilities for processing these materials exactly in line with customer requirements. Our capabilities include slitting, shearing, plasma and laser cutting, sawing, drilling, milling, and coating. In total our product portfolio comprises around 150,000 articles. Thanks to our sophisticated warehousing, logistics, and systems, materials are delivered to customers just in time. In addition to wide-ranging materials and services, Materials Services also offers end-to-end warehousing and inventory management, as well as customized supply chain solutions.
Raw materials specialist
As a leading raw materials trading company, we ensure just-in-time supplies to our customers worldwide. As well as coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, and minerals, our product portfolio includes gases and energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. The Materials Services business area’s full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
Technical and infrastructure services
Technical and infrastructure services in the areas of civil, marine, and foundation engineering, piling sections, machinery, shoring and scaffolding services, and plant and steel mill services complete the portfolio of our Materials Services business area.
is not just a world-leading materials distributor, but it also offers tailored logistics and custom processing services. The product range includes carbon steel, stainless steel, nonferrous metals and plastics in virtually all shapes, grades, and sizes. In total around 150,000 articles are available. In addition to wide-ranging materials and services, offers end-to-end warehouse and inventory management solutions, as well as customized supply chain solutions. With in Italy, the Group also boasts one of Europe’s leading stainless steel flat product manufacturers.
is not just a world-leading materials distributor, but it also offers tailored logistics and custom processing services. The product range includes carbon steel, stainless steel, nonferrous metals and plastics in virtually all shapes, grades, and sizes. In total around 150,000 articles are available. In addition to wide-ranging materials and services, offers end-to-end warehouse and inventory management solutions, as well as customized supply chain solutions. With in Italy, the Group also boasts one of Europe’s leading stainless steel flat product manufacturers.
As a leading raw materials trading company, ensures just-in-time supplies to its customers worldwide. The product range includes coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, minerals, and gases, as well as energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. Our full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
is not just a world-leading materials distributor, but it also offers tailored logistics and custom processing services. The product range includes carbon steel, stainless steel, nonferrous metals, and plastics in virtually all shapes, grades, and sizes. In total around 150,000 articles are available. In addition to wide-ranging materials and services, offers end-to-end inventory management, as well as customized supply chain solutions.
In its worldwide service centers and branches, has extensive processing capabilities, including slitting, shearing, plasma and laser cutting, sawing, drilling, milling, and coating. Materials can also be supplied with TÜcertificates on request.
Whether it’s about mobility, urbanization, climate change, or resource efficiency: As a leading supplier of civil, marine, and foundation engineering solutions, we cover the full range of services for global infrastructure projects. The portfolio includes piling sections, machinery, and shoring and scaffolding services.
As a leading raw materials trading company, ensures just-in-time supplies to its customers worldwide. The product range includes coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, minerals, and gases, as well as energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. Our full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
As a leading raw materials trading company, ensures just-in-time supplies to its customers worldwide. The product range includes coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, minerals, and gases, as well as energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. Our full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
As a leading raw materials trading company, ensures just-in-time supplies to its customers worldwide. The product range includes coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, minerals, and gases, as well as energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. Our full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
As a leading raw materials trading company, ensures just-in-time supplies to its customers worldwide. The product range includes coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, minerals, and gases, as well as energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. Our full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
As a leading raw materials trading company, ensures just-in-time supplies to its customers worldwide. The product range includes coal, coke, special ores, alloys, metals, minerals, and gases, as well as energy services. Outstanding knowledge of products and markets and close ties to leading producers and suppliers ensure security of supply. Our full-service offering includes advice on applications, as well as comprehensive quality management.
As a service provider with special expertise in the metals producing and processing sector, as well as in other sectors with complex production processes, offers high-quality plant and steel mill services. Our capabilities extend from slag management to in-plant logistics, production support, plant maintenance, and packaging services.
Printed reality: Metals and plastics which are manufactured according to your wishes to high-quality products – in an individual design and in a single digital process. In our TechCenter Additive Manufacturing, this is exactly what we do.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
At thyssenkrupp, our Elevator Technology business designs and delivers innovative passenger transportation that make cities the best ever places to live.
As a leading global company, Elevator Technology’s over 50,000 highly qualified employees develop, manufacture, install, maintain and modernize:
Passenger and freight elevators
Stair and platform lifts
Our pioneering systems transport people safe and comfortable in many of the world’s landmark buildings—from major airports, train stations and shopping malls to the largest office towers and most luxurious hotels. We also provide tailored service for all of our products to customers in 150 countries.
Today’s cities need smart growing number of people are moving to cities; and buildings are getting taller and bigger than ever. Our personal transportation systems tackle these challenges head-on. They’re technically advanced, user friendly and resource saving.
elevators help keep people moving in residential and office buildings, hotels, hospitals, train stations and airports. Our passenger and freight elevators are sought-after by architects, planners and facility managers – whether for new installations or modernization projects. Our German-engineered elevator systems offer increased user safety, superior ride comfort and maximum availability. With our innovative we are contributing to the mobility of the future.
escalators optimize traffic flows in train stations and airports and improve use of all floors in department stores and malls. Architects, consultants, general contractors and operators count on us when it comes to handling new installations and modernization projects and providing reliable service and maintenance support. Our tailor-made products ensure cities are prepared for the challenges of tomorrow.
moving walks provide a convenient mobility option for people with luggage and shopping carts. At airports and in large superstores, moving walks are key to efficient traffic flows. Architects, consultants, general contractors and operators count on us when it comes to handling new installation and modernization projects and providing reliable service and maintenance support. Our modular pitless moving walk is a resource-friendly solution for sustainable urbanization.
is a game-changing transportation system shortening connection times at airports and metros. Passengers enter at normal walking speed and are transported at high speed to the other end. Powered by linear motors, can cut transit times at airports by an incredible two-thirds. can also be installed in existing metro stations without major building work or infrastructure modifications.
Passenger boarding bridges
Passenger boarding bridges
In addition to increasing aircraft efficiency, passenger boarding bridges enhance the comfort and safety of passengers on the way to the plane. variety of options are available to serve most aircraft types, from the Airbus A380 to propeller planes. Our clients – airport operators and developers – trust our custom solutions, the result of decades-long experience. creates not just a product, but a tailor-made solution for every need.
stair lifts allow people with reduced mobility to use the stairs in their own home. Our stair lift are available directly to private customers as well as to public institutions. Numerous international design awards prove that design and functionality don't have to be mutually exclusive. Our patented technology for automatic swiveling and leveling of the chair makes our lift best in class.
platform lifts offer practical accessibility for wheelchair users – indoors and out, at home and in public places. For authorities, tourist attractions and public transport, barrier-free access is particularly important, so our clients include architects, facility managers and construction companies. Our products meet all architectural requirements, are robust and reliable and feature smart, user-friendly functions.
home elevators offer a new level of comfort and quality of life for the home environment. Our systems are sold individually to private customers or as standard to housing developers. Available in various sizes, for installation with or without a shaft, in existing or new houses, indoors or out, and with an incredible selection of cabin décor elements and materials, home elevators from are a feature no home should be without.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.
For the household appliance sector, we develop innovative materials and surfaces – and supply the starting material for white goods and furniture. comprehensive range of services rounds out our portfolio.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
operates at over 800 locations across all continents. We are aware that our commitment on the global markets requires local activities in the four corners of the globe. And it is there that we wish to be perceived as a good neighbor who is actively committed to ensuring that local conditions are favorable.
promotes and supports the voluntary social commitment of its employees. All over the world, our employees take over responsibility for society and help to solve specific societal challenges.
Ruhr Initiative Group
is a founding member of the Initiativkreis Ruhr (“Ruhr Initiative Group”), which was established in 1988 and is currently an association of around 70 leading business enterprises in the region. The Initiative Group initiates structural changes in the Ruhr region and strengthens the future viability and competitiveness of the region with its projects in fields such as education, sport, and culture.
As a global company, tackles humanitarian disasters such as earthquakes or floods. Together with our employees, we support disaster relief funds and help individuals to cope with the physical and mental consequences. By appealing for donations, we promote the projects of our partner organization Kindernothilfe e.in disaster areas, thereby contributing to their reconstruction.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
The business area at is a leading partner for the engineering, construction, and service of plants and systems.
In addition to chemical, coke, refinery, cement, and other plants, our portfolio also includes mining, and ore processing and port handling equipment, along with corresponding services. In the naval sector, we are a leading global system supplier for submarines and surface vessels. As an important system partner to our customers in the automotive, aerospace, and battery industries, we optimize the value chain and improve performance.
In collaboration with our customers, we develop top-quality and deliver efficiency, reliability, and sustainability over the entire life cycle. Around 21,000 employees at over 100 locations form a global network with a technology portfolio that guarantees maximum productivity and cost-efficiency.
creates complete chemical plants, from engineering, procurement and construction through to technical and operating services. We offer equipment and technologies for fertilizers, base chemicals, electrolysis, polymers, gas technologies, oil & gas, as well as biotechnology and high-pressure applications. With our engineering expertise and decades-long experience, we work together with customers to develop reliable, efficient and sustainable solutions.
supplies world-leading cokemaking technologies. We design and build complete coke plants of various types for the production of coke from different grades of coal. Whether horizontal chamber kilns, heat recovery or byproduct systems – thanks to our know-how and innovative processes our coke plants meet the latest environmental standards and reliably produce high-quality coke for internal use or for sale.
offers premium-quality spare parts and a full range of aftersales services for plants and machinery. With our global network we are present throughout the world. We support customers quickly and reliably in the operation and maintenance of their facilities, and also with revamps, upgrades, and spare parts management. We also provide training and consulting services – all precisely tailored to customers' needs.
is one of the world's leading full-line suppliers to the cement industry. From raw material preparation to clinker and cement production through to automation solutions, we have a complete range of innovative technologies, processes and machinery. We are a one-stop shop for customers in the cement industry, with eco-friendly guaranteeing operators maximum productivity and cost efficiency.
Mining & mineral Mining & mineral With decades of experience, continues to set the benchmark in surface mining and mineral processing: Our large bucket wheel excavators, spreaders and belt conveyors can handle up to 240,000 m³ of overburden per day. We are also specialists in ore crushing and processing. Our mine planning services help customers reduce costs and optimize productivity.
Our materials handling capabilities range from individual machines to the design and construction of complete handling facilities for port terminals and stockyards. are proven and sought-after the world over, for example in the mining, cement, chemicals and fertilizer sectors as well as in coal-fired power plants, metallurgical facilities and steel mills. Wherever our customers need something, we get materials to their destination reliably, efficiently and with minimum environmental impact.
submarines for coastal and open-ocean operations have been supplied to the navies of 20 countries around the world. Virtually no other company can match our experience in the design and construction of non-nuclear submarines. Our customers benefit from continuous innovations, such as air-independent fuel cell propulsion, providing greater endurance and enhanced stealth.
With a record of engineering excellence stretching back decades, designs and builds naval surface vessels for diverse operations from coastal to open-sea, tailored in every detail to meet the high demands of our customers in terms of robustness, flexibility and fittings. thyssenkrupp's portfolio includes high-performance frigates and compact corvettes as well as special open-sea patrol ships and support vessels.
Alongside the actual products, also provides a full range of services for the entire lifecycle of naval units. From the procurement of spare parts to servicing and modernizations, we deliver everything from a single source. This includes support with setting up maintenance bases as well as specialist training programs, whether on board or in a virtual training environment.
We are specialists in automotive manufacturing: As a global systems partner, supplies all major elements of the body and powertrain process chains – from engineering to prototyping to final assembly. With over 100 years' experience, we develop innovations that push back technological boundaries. Customers benefit from the high quality of our materials, our extensive engineering expertise and the passion we bring to our projects.
Planning and technical feasibility studiesRationalization, increasing of production capacities, automation and optimization measures and cost improvements - these are all challenges we are glad to take on together with our customers. System Engineering offers its customers full realization of technology and process-oriented projects - from planning through to acceptance, worldwide. Included here are substantiated production planning for assembly and production of aircraft, sections and components, the expansion of existing production capabilities and the development of automated for production.
Complex investment decisions? Transparency of a fixed-price quotation for budget planning? Costs and risks must be minimized - especially in large-scale projects. We assist our customers to focus on deadlines and budgets, and not get lost in technical details. As an experienced system integrator with a broad level of expertise in the field of special-purpose machinery manufacture, we at System Engineering assume layout, process and overall installation planning for our customers in the aircraft industry.
Developing a new transportation system solution for a product; planning a new production facility; moving small, medium, extremely heavy or sensitive components and systems within a production or an entire logistics chain; ergonomically organizing existing or new workplaces in production - the requirements in the handling and transportation sector are strict and extremely multi-faceted. Flexibility, ergonomics and reliability are therefore key.
Engineering, production, delivery, commissioning and after-sales service - this describes our value chain in the areas of jig construction and tools. Our range of services extends from  customized hand tools to achieve ergonomic improvements and  increase throughput and eliminate assembly errors  to 40 m long large-scale jigs for aircraft wings. Our experienced suppliers and own production mean we are also able to offer short delivery and reaction times for our customers.
We at System Engineering are a reliable partner for all types of interlinked assembly. Using our customers' range of components as the starting point, our team of engineers develops the best possible for assembly. We understand the planning, implementation and after-sales service for the assembly line as a package. This enables us to reduce interfaces, achieve financial savings, increase the production rate and minimize risk.
Food preservation at 6,000 bar for natural, fresh products – no heat, additives, no loss of nutrients. Products are processed directly in their packaging, so later contamination is not possible. It works e.g. for vacuum packs, modified atmosphere packs (MAP), or for plastic bottles. The result: up to 10 times longer shelf life and extremely high product safety. Look, texture and taste of your products remain unaltered.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.
Our extensive product portfolio includes high-strength, high-tech materials, innovative machinery, and turnkey facilities, as well as global warehousing and logistics services.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
Food and drink
Form follows function
As one of the three biggest packaging steel producers in Europe, we offer our customers innovative materials and a comprehensive range of services.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
Higher efficiency, lower emissions
We support our customers in the chemical industry with our engineering expertise in the design and construction of efficient chemical, refinery, and other plants.
Engineering expertise “Made in Germany”
With over three hundred years of experience and expertise, we offer our customers state-of-the-art technology and German craftsmanship in civil and naval shipbuilding.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
High-tech components for the auto and machinery sectors
Our Components Technology business area designs and produces high-performance components for customers all over the world. Whether it’s cars or construction equipment, wind turbines or machinery – we aim to tailor our products specifically to the needs of our customers and offer them maximum quality and functionality.
Components Technology covers the entire value chain, from the development and manufacture of high-performance components through to machining and complex assembly processes. Mechatronic using electronics and software developed in-house are playing an increasingly important role. Our end-to-end technical expertise and global market presence have made us into a reliable partner providing customers with real added value.
In the auto sector the product range includes assembled camshafts, cylinder head modules with integrated camshafts and crankshafts (powertrain), steering and damping systems, and springs and stabilizers, as well as the assembly of axle modules (chassis).
In the machinery sector, Components Technology supplies high-quality components for construction equipment, wind turbines, and numerous general engineering applications. This broad spectrum of products is built on years of experience in innovative materials and forging processes within the business area.
Global footprint: Over 80 manufacturing sites on four continents
We adapt and continuously improve our business to meet the requirements of our customers. This applies in particular to our production processes at more than 80 locations on four continents. To compete on the global markets, we are expanding our production network in growth regions. Our guiding principle is operational excellence, which means we focus on top-quality processes and products, first-class logistics in production and delivery, and a high level of cost efficiency. With the introduction of a standardized process landscape and efficient infrastructure, we are creating the conditions for the digitization of production.
Innovator and Partner for our clients
Our brand promise: We advance our customers by providing mission-critical mechanical and systems with highest quality, functionality, and value for money. Our expertise along the entire value chain and our global presence make us the trusted partner for the technology of tomorrow.
Steering technology from is fitted in the vehicles of almost all major auto manufacturers. Alongside cold-forged steering components, we produce steering columns as well as complete mechanical, hydraulic and electric steering systems. Our electric power-assisted steering systems help significantly reduce fuel consumption. They are also a prerequisite for systems such as park assist, lane assist, and autonomous driving.
Shock absorbers from reduce the vibrations of vehicle springs to provide optimized road contact. As damper specialists, we supply our customers with the right system for every requirement: from conventional monotube/twin-tube shock absorbers to complete air spring systems and adjustable dampers. With our products we serve not only OEMs but also the aftermarket and motorsport sectors.
Springs and stabilizers from provide maximum comfort and safety in vehicles. As partner to the automobile industry, we develop and produce premium innovative to meet the highest demands on suspension technology. Whether for cars or trucks – we find the optimum combination of ride comfort and safety whatever the vehicle.
At we perform axle assembly and logistics services for our customers in the automobile industry. Chassis modules and complete axle systems are produced just-in-time and delivered just-in-sequence according to customers' needs. Our services include module and system assembly and if required quality and supplier management for our customers.
is the world market leader for assembled camshafts: we count practically all international auto manufacturers among our customers. Our camshafts are essential engine components, ensuring that oxygen is supplied to the combustion process and exhaust gases are removed from the engine block. We also develop cylinder head modules with integrated camshafts, variable valve train systems, and components for electric drives.
Forged and machined crankshafts and conrods from are used in internal combustion engines the world over. We also manufacture numerous other engine, transmission and suspension components for various applications. State-of-the-art production processes, close cooperation with our customers, and in-house research and development resources, together with over 100 years' experience of forging and machining technology, define who we are today.
Slewing bearings and rings from are essential construction and connecting elements for machines. They are used in wind turbines, cranes, excavators, telescopes, solar and tidal power plants. Our products are developed and designed exactly in accordance with our customers' requirements. Working closely together, we find which are unique in terms of design, material properties, and performance.
High-quality undercarriages and undercarriage components from keep tracked vehicles moving the world over. Manufacturers and operators of construction machinery value our extensive range of track chains, rollers, idlers, sprockets and track shoes. We can also develop and manufacture complete undercarriages for crushers, recycling units, road construction machinery, specialist drilling equipment, and combine harvesters.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.
Premium materials for state-of-the-art processing technologies
As partner to a wide range of industries, we support plant construction projects around the world – with our vast experience and engineering expertise.
With our wide portfolio of products and services and our global network, we have a local presence in all the main oil and gas markets.
For the toughest conditions
Through rigorous material tests and continuous process control, we offer our customers consistent high quality in the construction and operation of highly specialized vehicles for all applications.
Innovations for the automobiles of tomorrow
As a reliable partner we support auto manufacturers worldwide in the manufacture of light, safe, and affordable vehicles – with our products and our expertise.
Whether it’s passenger transportation or materials for state-of-the-art architecture – with our innovative products we are helping shape the cities of tomorrow.
Sustainable technologies for a better future
With our vast product portfolio we offer for the production, transportation, storage, and transformation of renewable and fossil energies.
Full support for the world’s leading aerospace companies
With our advanced materials and processes, we help our customers reduce costs in the production of aircraft parts and raise air safety standards.Skip Navigation
engineering. tomorrow. together.
As a diversified group we are constantly searching for the best solution, the optimum service, an even better product. We advance our customers by...
The way to the automotive future
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
Shares & ADR
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Discover career opportunities around the globe.
Key figures Employees
Key figures Employees
Employees in general
Occupational safety & health
Lost time injury frequency rate (per 1 million hours worked)
Skilled employees are the basis of our success
Diversity and Inclusion
Occupational safety & health
Mail80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Less waste, less emissions, lower costs
This is about biological wastewater treatment and cement plants with 40 percent less CO2 emissions. Also in this chapter: a radically new concept to develop innovative steels.
Low-emission cement plants
Over four billion tons of cement is produced around the world every year. Cement production is an energy-intensive process mainly powered by fossil fuels such as coal, gas and oil – with correspondingly high CO2 emissions. We offer a range of technologies and plants that use alternative fuels.
Atoms seeking partners
Today, long and complex series of tests are still required to determine key properties of steel. The aim of our cooperation partner is to predict the properties and behavior of materials.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Building on good traditions, we evolve our company responsibly
Our motto “engineering. tomorrow. together.” unites us all at thyssenkrupp. We are all committed to the engineering of sustainable solutions, and we are convinced that we can produce the best results by working together. corporate culture with shared values like team spirit, communication, commitment, a success mindset, and respect for colleagues, customers, investors, and competitors is one of our key success factors.
We live this culture every day. does business in accordance with very clear guidelines:
Because we take openness and honesty seriously, the opinion of our employees is key to evolving our culture.
In our first Groupwide employee survey in 2014, more than 105,000 employees provided answers to 75 questions about working at thyssenkrupp. The high response rate of 75% demonstrates the solid foundation of our culture. Just over a year after completion of the 2014 employee survey, follow-up work is well under way: Thousands of improvement measures are currently being implemented at local level. The next employee survey is planned for fall 2016.
We belong together, at every workplace, in every plant, in every country. We can all be counted on.
also lives through our talent for collaboration. We trust, help, and respect each other in our work – as a matter of principle, and because it makes us more successful. To us values and actions are inseparably linked. We are fair. We do what we say and say what we do. Transparency and consistency are important to us as people, colleagues, and active members of society. We take responsibility – also in times of change.
This is reflected in our good relationship with employee representative bodies and trade unions (as evidenced by the International Framework Agreement of 2015 between AG, the Group works council, the metalworkers union Metall, and the “IndustriGlobal Union.” The Agreement contains, for example, principles on occupational safety and health, opportunities for professional and personal development, the right to fair pay, the prohibition of child and forced labor, and the prohibition of discrimination of all kinds. And we go further, by monitoring implementation of the Agreement globally: has created a central office for reporting suspected infringements, and set up an International Committee with representatives of the Group works council, European works council, and the union, whose remit is to intervene and develop in the event of infringements or disputes.
We foster our relationships
For close and trusting cooperation with the employee representatives is a must. The basis for mutual trust and support is an open and constructive dialogue characterized by mutual respect.
For close and trusting cooperation with the employee representatives is a must.
In Germany the system of codetermination allowing employees to participate in corporate decisions is subject to the Works Constitution Act. At it is practiced on two levels. In the Group companies, employee interests are represented by the local works councils and joint works councils. The works council/joint works council and the management jointly negotiate appropriate tailored for the company. At Group level we maintain an active social partnership with the Group works council (GWC). The holds monthly meetings, which are regularly attended by the and appropriate further decision-makers. In addition we discuss various topics with the relevant specialist committees of the and jointly develop Groupwide agreements and policies.
Beyond the requirements of the Works Constitution Act, we have also set up works council unions at business area level, whose members we keep up to date on matters relating to the relevant business area.
Codetermination is practiced in such a way that employee interests are represented on the Supervisory Board of by ten employee representatives (one of whom represents the executive employees) in accordance with the statutory requirements. This means that half of the members of the Supervisory Board are employee representatives (the other ten members are shareholder representatives).
The European works council (EWC) is the body responsible for promoting social dialogue and representing the interests of employees at European level. It is the mouthpiece for thyssenkrupp’s European employees. Based on the “Agreement on European Dialogue and the Provision of Information to and Consultation with the Employees of the European Group Member Companies” we inform the in advance of significant operational changes with cross-national significance. Two meetings of the and four meetings of the executive committee take place each year. Members of the Executive Board regularly attend meetings of the and are available to answer questions and participate in discussions.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
sees education as an essential key to social progress and prosperity. Our aim is therefore to steadily improve the availability and quality of education. With our extensive projects we facilitate access to education, improve the general education infrastructure, and promote the opportunities for advancement of talented young people.
Erich Walter Heine School (Brazil)
Modern learning and sustainability: The Colégio Estadual Erich Walter Heine in Santa Cruz (Brazil) is not only an integrated center of learning which is also aimed at male and female pupils with disabilities. With its own recycling center, the economical use of water and electricity, and large-scale planting, it is also an outstanding example of sustainable construction. The school is a joint project between thyssenkrupp, the Ministry of Education of the State of Rio de Janeiro, and the Rio de Janeiro city council. The high school is the first public secondary school in the municipality. The educational institution is also characterized by state-of-the-art learning concepts, classrooms, and sports facilities. total of 500 male and female pupils can be taught here and obtain a polytechnic degree.
combines education and disaster relief in Haiti. In one of the poorest countries on earth, the living conditions have deteriorated dramatically after the devastating earthquake in 2010 and Hurricane Sandy in 2012. Furthermore, 80 per cent of all school buildings were destroyed, which is why many children are cut off from their education. has therefore subsidized the reconstruction of Collège Verena in Port-au-Prince as well as the construction of a total of five new mountain schools in the remote mountainous region of Carrefour. These projects of our partner organization Kindernothilfe e.provide more than 2,000 children with support and education. The corresponding financial assistance was collected in a fundraising campaign by and its employees.
University cooperation projects
We promote educational facilities and the training of young people worldwide. This includes, for example, the maintenance of partnerships with numerous international educational institutions. We also support university chairs, support programmes and scholarships for the next generation of young scientists, as well as a wide range of teaching assignments for our employees.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
We believe that different cultures enrich us and make working together more enjoyable and more successful. We are committed to a corporate policy that values, supports, and utilizes diversity.
This is demonstrated, for example, in our mission statement, in our management principles, and by our signing of the “Diversity Charter”. Diversity & inclusion management is therefore a fixed component of our policy. In 2011 also signed the joint declaration by the 30 companies on “Women in leadership positions”. We are firmly behind the goals set out in the declaration – such as for example promoting subjects. Together with technical universities is involved in the career network Femtec, which supports female students in technical subjects. In this way we make it easier for female talent to enter engineering occupations.
Support for people with disabilities
In 2015 also issued a statement expressing its commitment to inclusion. In the joint statement by the Group Executive Board and employee representatives, we commit to recruiting and supporting people with disabilities and to reporting regularly on progress with inclusion. Inclusion is aimed at equal participation and involvement by all people in public life. Nobody should be excluded from leading a self-determined life because of a disability, and this includes the right to an education and the right to work. regards workplace inclusion, i.e. self-determined and equal participation by people with disabilities in working life, as a special corporate responsibility. Currently around 3,300 people with disabilities work in the Group’s German companies.
We at value each other. All employees should have equal opportunities. That is part of our corporate culture. The inclusion agreement underlines these values and provides a framework for implementing them.
Oliver Burkhard, of AG
Support for women in the Group
Target in our sights: By 2020 we want to have 15 percent women in leadership positions
Our measures are taking effect: In the past fiscal year the proportion of women in leadership positions rose by 1.4 percentage points to 10.2 percent (prior year: 8.8 percent). In 2011 also signed the joint declaration by the 30 companies on “Women in leadership positions.” We are firmly behind the goals set out in the declaration – such as, for example, promoting subjects. Together with technical universities, is involved in the career network Femtec, which supports female students in technical subjects. In this way we make it easier for female talent to enter engineering occupations.
thyssenkrupp’s 20-member Supervisory Board already includes five female members today, two on the shareholder representative side and three on the employee representative side. More information on implementation of the law on the equal participation of women and men in leadership positions in the private and public sectors can be found here.
Companies in which diversity is firmly established achieve better results: They are 69 percent more profitable.
Oliver Burkhard, of AG
Law to increasing the proportion of women in leadership positions
Commitments to promote the participation of women in leadership positions in accordance with §76 (4) and §111 (5) of the German Stock Corporation Act and information on minimum representation on the Supervisory Board
has been pursuing a Groupwide strategy to promote diversity since 2013. Among other things we aim to achieve a 15% proportion of women in all the Group’s leadership positions by 2020. We report on this strategy and progress made in the “Employees” section of the annual report.
Currently 24 German companies of the Group are additionally subject to a statutory obligation to set targets for the proportion of women on supervisory boards, management boards, and two management levels below, in each case specifying a deadline for meeting these targets. All companies concerned have fulfilled this obligation. All the initial implementation deadlines expired on June 30, 2017. In the implementation period the share of women on supervisory boards was increased from 13% to 20%. There is no supervisory board without a female member. The number of Group companies without women on the management board was also reduced. For the period after June 30, 2017 the companies have set new targets for the proportion of women on supervisory boards, management boards, and the two management levels below. The implementation deadlines run until June 30, 2022.
For the Supervisory Board of AG, the rule is that the board must be composed of at least 30% women and at least 30% men. The overall proportion of women on the Supervisory Board is 25%. In the past fiscal year an employee representative stood down from the Supervisory Board and was replaced by a court-appointed male employee representative after the employee side objected to joint fulfilment of the minimum quota by the Supervisory Board as a whole. As the employee representative side already had a 30% proportion of women members, the legal requirements for the appointment were met.
The Supervisory Board of initially set a target of 0% women on the Executive Board of AG, to be implemented by June 30, 2017. For the period after June 30, 2017 the Supervisory Board has now set a target of 20%, to be implemented by June 30, 2022. The composition of the Executive Board has since remained unchanged.
The Executive Board of had adopted targets of 8% for the first management level and 23% for the second management level, also to be implemented by June 30, 2017. 5% female representation was achieved at the first management level and 23% at the second. This means that the proportion of women at the first management level did not reach the 8% target in the first implementation period. It was not possible to fill a first management level position with a female candidate within the short initial implementation period. is working to increase the number of women in the talent pool with the skills required for these positions. For the period after June 30, 2017 targets of 11% for the first management level below the Executive Board and 25% for the second now apply, to be implemented in each case by June 30, 2022. At the same time the Executive Board of continues to pursue the aforementioned Groupwide strategy targeting a global 15% proportion of women in all leadership positions by 2020.
Work/life balance
Work is a big part of our lives. But it’s not the only part. We believe a healthy work/life balance is important, which is why it’s an integral part of diversity management at thyssenkrupp. We support our employees worldwide with offers such as parent-and-child offices, childcare providers and care advice, and employee assistance hotlines.
Formed in 2016, our employee network LGBTI@raises awareness in the company for issues and the concerns of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex employees.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Storing, converting, adjusting consumption
Renewable energies have become an important part of the energy mix. According to the International Energy Agency, electricity generation from renewable energies, including hydropower, will triple worldwide between 2012 and 2040. At we want to play an important role in the energy revolution.
One of our aims is to make renewable energies a reliable source by developing innovative storage technologies to manage weather-related volatility. Other key areas include our Carbon2Chem project and load management, i.e. adjusting energy consumption to supply.
Carbon2Chem: Turning emissions into raw materials
With our long-term project Carbon2Chem we at want to utilize steel mill waste gas as a raw material. The idea is to convert the CO2 contained in waste gases generated during steel production into fuels and fertilizers in nearby chemical plants.
Redox flow batteries: Storage systems for renewable energies
In the future we will need energy storage systems to keep the power grid in balance. For example, they could store excess electricity produced when it is very windy and then feed it back into the grid when the wind dies down. Redox flow batteries store electricity as chemical energy and have efficiency levels of up to 80 percent.
Water electrolysis: Power to gas
According to a study by the Boston Consulting Group, global demand for energy storage will rise to 330 gigawatts by 2030. In the water electrolysis process, electricity is passed through water and breaks it down into oxygen and hydrogen. Excess electricity can be used for this and converted into a different energy source – hydrogen. The hydrogen can be stored, for example in underground salt caverns, and then converted back into electricity when additional energy is required.
Cross Energy Management: Consumption follows generation
The sun doesn’t always shine, and the wind doesn’t always blow. The question is whether energy consumption can be organized in line with supply. This is where cross energy management comes in: The idea is for large electricity consumers to adjust their demand for electricity to the supply of renewables.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Environment, climate and energy
Environment, climate and energy
attaches great importance to the topics of environmental protection , climate change and energy efficiency – from supply chain to internal processes to customers. With our we want to help meet rising demand for goods and services in a resource-efficient way. Environmental protection is therefore a core element of thyssenkrupp’s sustainability efforts and thus its corporate strategy.
thyssenkrupp’s global environmental and energy management system is based on the Group’s environment and energy policy and a corresponding Group Regulation. In addition standards and three Indirect Financial Targets (IFTs) have been defined for the areas of energy efficiency, energy management and environmental management. Implementation of these targets is supported by internal committees and auditor training; exchanges of experience at different levels and conferences also help towards this aim.
Environmental management at our sites
has set itself the binding target for all Group companies with environmentally relevant activities to have implemented an 14001 environmental management system by fiscal year 2019/2020. This international standard covers all relevant environmental aspects, from the reduction of wastewater, waste and emissions to the environmental impact of products during use through to disposal. We have set out clear requirements for our Group companies: They must continuously improve their environmental performance and at the same time meet legal and other requirements and concrete environmental goals at their individual sites.
Activities regarded as environmentally relevant are defined in our Group Regulation. At September 30, 2018 almost 70 companies (around 60 in the continuing operations) were determined as environmentally relevant in line with this Regulation. Of these around 90% already comply with the required standard (continuing operations: around 90%). Related to the overall workforce the Group therefore handles around 60% of its environmental management activities in accordance with 14001.
Energy efficiency makes good business sense for thyssenkrupp.
Continuous improvements in energy efficiency and energy management
The Group’s energy consumption came to more than 70 terawatt hours (TWh) in the 2017/2018 fiscal year, with the continuing operations accounting for more than 6 TWh. Energy efficiency has always played an important role at thyssenkrupp. Launched four years ago, the global Groupwide Energy Efficiency Program (GEEP) includes measures such as better use of waste heat, the reduction of stand-by times and the replacement of plant components.
In the reporting year we set ourselves the goal under of increasing energy efficiency in the Group as a whole by 150 GWh. At 253 GWh we exceeded this goal. Mathematically these efficiency gains enabled us to avoid more than 80,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions. For the continuing operations, the goal for the current fiscal year 2018/2019 is to achieve efficiency gains of 100 GWh.
In addition, all energy-relevant activities are to be covered by an 50001 energy management system by 2019/2020. Among other things this means setting concrete energy targets for each site, measuring energy flows and optimizing organizational and technical processes. At September 30, 2018 this applies to almost 60 companies in the Group; more than 80 % of them already comply with the standard. In the continuing operations this applies to around 50 companies, of these around 80% comply with the requirements. In terms of energy consumption this means that more than 90% of energy management activities at are covered by the 50001 standard.
On September 20, 2018, officially started producing sustainable methanol from metallurgical gases at the Duisburg pilot plant.
Climate protection in production and products
The goals of the Paris Climate Agreement provide both opportunities and risks for thyssenkrupp. The member countries aim to limit the increase in global average temperature to below two degrees and achieve net greenhouse gas neutrality in the second half of the century. To meet these goals intends to apply its engineering expertise to two main approaches: enhanced efficiency and innovative for our own processes and our customers.
thyssenkrupp’s commitment to climate protection is demonstrated by the Groupwide climate program (Climate Action for Sustainable Solutions) that was launched in the reporting year. We support the goals formulated in the Paris Climate Agreement – keeping the global temperature rise to well below two degrees and achieving net greenhouse gas neutrality in the second half of the century – and aim to make our contribution to this with The biggest way can do this is by providing products and services that significantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions during use by customers. So not only stipulates efficiency improvements in our own production processes, it also defines concrete targets for existing solutions, such as the use of alternative fuels in cement production and the development of innovative disruptive technologies such as Carbon2Chem for the steel industry. In addition we are planning to work closely with relevant partners and stakeholders to improve the global conditions for climate protection.
Steel production in particular at involves greenhouse gas-intensive processes. The Group’s emissions (Scope 1 and 2 emissions as per Greenhouse Gas Protocol) amounted to more than 20 million tons in the reporting period (incl. the discontinued operations). This will change significantly when the steel joint venture starts up: In the future the Group’s share in the steel joint venture will be treated as an investment, so going forward the corresponding greenhouse gas emissions under the Greenhouse Gas Protocol will count as indirect emissions and thus as Scope 3 emissions. For the continuing operations emissions (scope 1 and 2) will then be around 2 million tons.
Key environmental data
Groupwide performance indicators and data on environmental and climate protection are used to assess opportunities and risks and serve as an instrument for global environmental, energy, and climate management. Unless otherwise stated, the data reported relates to fully consolidated Group companies of the actual fiscal years.
Since fiscal year 2013/2014, the figures include the 50 percent share in Hüttenwerke Krupp Mannesmann under rules. Since fiscal year 2016/2017, figures are shown without the Steel Americas business area. For the fiscal year 2017/2018, figures are shown with and without the discontinued steel operations, which will become part of the 50/50 joint venture with Tata Steel.
Absolute values may also vary due to portfolio changes and different production levels and are therefore not a direct reflection of environmental performance.
The fiscal year commences on 1st October and ends on 30th September.
1from fuel-and-energy-related activities and not included in Scope 1 or 2
When it comes to climate protection, belongs to the leading companies worldwide. This has been confirmed by the international non-profit organization CDP, which has included on its “Climate List” for the second time.
2017/1880 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
“We-together” – Help for refugees
“We-together” – Help for refugees
At we embrace our social responsibility. And we live by values such as openness and tolerance, including in the current refugee crisis. The aid project “Hilfe für Menschen in Not” was quickly and efficiently organized by a large number of employees. That's something we can be proud of.
Because we are firmly convinced that jobs play a key role in integrating refugees, we as a Group have launched the program “we help” : In the next two years we will be creating an additional 150 apprenticeship places and 230 internships for refugees at our German companies.
On the website www.wir-zusammen.de participating companies are presenting their integration projects together for the first time. The website is designed to create transparency and provide orientation. But above all it offers practical examples to motivate other companies to actively contribute to the integration of refugees.
The aim of “We-together” is to foster and grow a network of companies committed to promoting integration over the long term. To this end members of the network carry out independent integration projects and underpin them with dedicated sponsorships.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Employee health and workplace safety have top priority
Everyone who works for should be able to do so safely and remain healthy. This is our top priority and something we work towards every day. We want to reduce the number of accidents by systematically eliminating unsafe conditions and acts, because we know that on average for every 30,000 unsafe conditions or acts, one fatal accident occurs.
Our vision is clear: “Zero Accidents”. To this end we must systematically identify safety weaknesses and risks to health. We must systematically exchange information on how to improve. And we must systematically implement ideas for improvements and monitor their effect. We do all of this.
Injury frequency rate
Lost days per employee (fiscal year 2013/2014)
Our objective: reduce the accident frequency rate year by year by at least 10 percent.
As long as there are still accidents and unsafe situations at work, we cannot reduce our efforts. That's why we set ourselves concrete objectives. Up to 2020 we aim to reduce the accident frequency rate year by year by at least 10 percent. To achieve this target we are strengthening awareness of occupational safety and health management among all our employees.
It is our health and safety experts' duty to systematically implement and measure activities throughout the Group. It is our joint responsibility!
April 28 is World Day for Safety & Health at Work. And is taking part. Since 2015 we set up activities on sites all over the world to enhance attention on the topic of safety & health at work. This year’s theme: “Thank you for staying safe!” In a global campaign, our employees’ families and friends reach out to them asking to stay safe during work. Each year thousands of employees, even of suppliers, take part in these activities. Because we care.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
Skilled employees are the basis of our success
We can only compete successfully with the support of highly skilled employees. That’s why we work on systematically promoting young talent, providing made-to-measure training programs and developing talent throughout the Group.
Starting from a very high quality level, we continuously develop our apprenticeship programs and make sustainable investments in this area, for example by building further training centers. In 30 apprentice training shops and 54 works schools across Germany, apprentices have the support of 129 full-time trainers. At currently 5.4 percent, the apprenticeship training rate is down slightly from last year (5.6 percent) but has been steady for years. We are transferring some elements of our German cooperative education system to Group companies abroad.
We attach particular importance to the so-called subjects (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics).
We have intensified our cooperation with universities and introduced a standard worldwide applicant management system. To support the personal and professional development of our employees we offer a global talent management system. The Academy provides learning programs for functional experts. Our internal job market offers new employment opportunities to employees looking to further or change their careers.80 countries, 155,000 employees, fascinating technology. Our news and stories at a glance.
The aim is to ensure that our stock is given a fair valuation on the capital market. To this end we conduct an open dialogue with all market participants worldwide. We make available valuation-relevant information and report on our company’s upside potential on an ongoing basis.
We’ve got lots to tell you. Browse our news, reports, press releases, and multimedia content.
Exploring new paths. Broadening horizons. Breaking down boundaries. This is what is all about. And being a global player, we don’t just help you to develop your mind. Find out about the countries in which we can offer you and your skills a new calling.
We are convinced that many global challenges can be solved by technological progress. And we believe that technology and innovations inspire people. We therefore consciously support people’s ability to experience technology and reinforce their openness with respect to innovation and progress.
We want to enthuse young people for the fascinating world of science and technology and motivate them to recognize the various opportunities available to them. The Deutsches Museum in Munich makes a great contribution towards this. As a founding member of the “Deutsches Museum initiative for the future,” we support the largest science and technology museum in the world and want to contribute to it in such a way that it can continue to fulfill its important educational mission in the future.
We have been supporting Germany's largest and most successful competition for young people in the field of technology and natural sciences - "Jugend forscht" - for several decades. "Jugend forscht" enables young scientists up to the age of 21 to immerse themselves in the adventure of research. They go on a journey of discovery in the various specialist areas, experience the fascination of technology, start out on expeditions into the nanoworld or explore scientific phenomena on our or other planets. The prizes to be won include money - but more importantly research visits, study tours and of course a large number of contacts for the young researchers.
In addition to promoting the annual regional heats, has already hosted a number of national competitions in cooperation with the Jugend forscht e.foundation.
The promotion of engineering skills begins with young talent. This is the reason why helps undergraduates to acquire practical experience in the fields of development, design and manufacturing. Against the background of increasingly scarce raw materials and the resulting pursuit of sustainable mobility solutions, the prestige SunRiser project has been launched in cooperation with the Ruhr University in Bochum: The solar car combines the wide-ranging technology expertise of with the creativity and specialist knowledge of young engineers.
Furthermore, supports the Formula Student construction design competition, in which students demonstrate the Formula racing car to a specialist jury in disciplines such as racing performance, energy efficiency or cost planning. Here too, the students acquire experience with respect to the sustainable mobility of tomorrow.