2017.12.14 : and further strengthen their collaboration and increase investments in Cathode Materials to enable e-mobility
2014.7.29 : Increased Capacity to Supply Ferrite Sheets for Antennas Business Partnership with Panasonic Excel Products Co., Ltd. Increase in Use by Smart Phone Manufacturers
Tel. +66-3535-2336 Fax. +66-3535-2339
established with ￥500,000 capital in Yokogawa, Hiroshima Prefecture, for
the purpose of producing and selling Bengala.
Production plant of ferrite materials newly added to Hiroshima plant.
Shares listed on the first section of Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Plant for the production of ferrite materials (Otake Plant) built in Otake, Hiroshima Prefecture.
Special facility to produce coloring materials for electronic printing added to Onoda Plant.
Okayama Plant splits off from the parent company to form Pigment Corp.
Equipment for production of battery materials added to Onoda Plant.
Wholly owned subsidiary Advanced Materials Inc. established in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada
(company located in Toronto until November 2007).
patent license relating to the cathode material for Li-ion battery obtained from Argonne
Acquired the whole shares of Tokyo Shikizai Industry Co., Ltd.
America Inc. and Advanced Materials Inc. became equity method affiliates of Kogyo, selling off part of their shares.
Approved for DBJ’s Environmental Ratings from the Development Bank of Japan.
Battery Materials LLC, the joint venture company with Japan Ltd., was established.Providing not only iron oxides as our main material but also materials which are suited the interests of the leading companies, set its sight on expanding its business in global markets.
is a chemical material manufacturer founded nearly 200 years ago as a producer of a red iron oxide pigment 'Bengala' which is essential in painting porcelain, lacquerware, and historic buildings. As the leading manufacturer in the industry, we meet the diverse needs of customers throughout the world by utilizing the characteristics of inorganic materials to develop and supply a wide range of iron oxides and material parts.
Placing a priority on customer-oriented  products, emphasizes research and development with the customer  always in mind. Adherence to this fundamental principle has enabled us to  deliver high-quality materials for toners used in printers and copiers, cathode  materials for Li-ion automotive batteries, and antenna materials for mobile devices  through the application of innovative synthetic technology for the production  of fine inorganic particles that we have accumulated through the manufacture of  iron oxides. In addition, we have responded to changes in the global market by  enhancing production systems in China, Korea, and North America, and promoting the  expansion of global business from sales bases established in Asia, Europe, and America.
has built sound and trusting relationships with customers through the provision of high added-value products and solutions based on our unique synthetic technologies.
One of KOGYO's core technological competences is our nanoscale synthetics, including wet synthetic technology which we developed first in the industry enables us to meet customer needs through the high precision synthesis of materials that have different colors, hardness, and magnetic and chemical properties.
Combining the overwhelming superiority of this synthetic  technology with knowledge and experience accumulated through the manufacture of  iron oxides, has expanded into a full range of inorganic materials. We  have introduced a wide variety of high value-added products ahead of the  competition, and solutions for individual needs that have led to outstanding  customer satisfaction.
launched the project towards its 100th anniversary which emphasizes the spirit of technology.
KOGYO’s business comprises functional pigments and electronic materials segments. The functional pigment business focuses on iron oxide products for the manufacture of toner materials and new-generation carriers for use in single and multiple-function printers, as well as for the manufacture of color pigment materials, environmental functional materials and catalyst materials. The iron oxides that formed the basis of KOGYO’s business when it opened its doors a century ago are still an important area with high potential for growth, and we continue to place a priority on development by focusing on products designed to meet the needs of today’s market.
The electronic materials business focuses on magnetic materials and those for magnetic cards and digital tape. In recent years for electronic application products of soft magnetic ferrite, we have been concentrating on the expansion of business focusing on materials for devices such as antenna sheets for mobile devices and metal-compatible tag, taking advantage of the integrated production system from material to device product. We have established production system not only in Japan but also in overseas subsidiary for our electronic materials business.
Celebrating our 80th anniversary of the establishment as in 2013 (the 190th anniversary since the founding) , we launched the forward-looking 100th Anniversary Step-One Activity (Project) to prepare for this important milestone in the company's history. This project emphasizes a recommitment to our initial priority on the development of technology, establishing stronger management structures, and creating a corporate culture which encourages all employees to enjoy life and work based on their dreams and desires for the future. Through this project, we renew our management principle, management policy, and code of conduct, take into consideration today's goals as well as mid- and long-term visions, and organize priority issues chronologically to clarify KOGYO's direction for the future. We commit ourselves to working together throughout the company to promote this project.
As we recommit ourselves to the company's original emphasis on the development of technology, the Group strives to maintain its strength as an organization in which employees continue growing and working together with trust and gratitude for one another's efforts while we continue building strong customer satisfaction and loyalty by meeting and exceeding needs throughout the market.