Basic Guide to Reducing Risk in Gene Editing Projects
Even equipped with the most advanced tools and techniques, gene editing projects still carry inherent risk. 
piggyBac has been featured in over 550 research publications to date. Browse our selection of recent papers to learn more about this powerful tool.
High-quality custom cell engineering using an advanced set of gene editing tools.
About Transposagen, Inc. is a privately-held biotechnology company founded in 2003 to commercialize early gene editing technology for the construction of rodent models of disease. Since then, has significantly increased its scientific offerings to include a suite of gene editing technologies and services that address the research needs of both academic and drug discovery investigators.
Privacy PolicyTransposagen, Inc. is a privately-held biotechnology company founded in 2003 to commercialize early gene editing technology for the construction of rodent models of disease. Since then, has significantly increased its scientific offerings to include a suite of gene editing technologies and services that address the research needs of both academic and drug discovery investigators.
The company is headquartered in Kentucky, located in a newly renovated historic building near downtown Lexington. Transposagen’s growing success and the unique piggyBac™ technology have yielded two spin-off companies,  Poseida Therapeutics and Hera BioLabs , which focus on therapeutic development and toxicology testing, respectively.
Transposagen’s mission is to provide academic and drug discovery researchers with comprehensive gene editing products and services, empowering their efforts to discover the next generation of therapeutics. We accomplish this mission through internal innovation, in-licensing of cutting-edge technologies, and building lasting relationships with strategic partners.
Transposagen's customers and partners include many of the top pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in the world, as well as numerous academic laboratories and government agencies. Our team of experts understands the needs of biomedical researchers, working one-on-one with customers to provide the best models and reagents to fit their exact requirements.
Learn how our proprietary piggyBac™ transposase technology and Footprint-Free™ gene editing systems are advancing research in a variety of scientific applications.
Meet the people who make a leader in genetically modified animal models, cell engineering services, and gene editing tools.
About Transposagen, Inc. is a privately-held biotechnology company founded in 2003 to commercialize early gene editing technology for the construction of rodent models of disease. Since then, has significantly increased its scientific offerings to include a suite of gene editing technologies and services that address the research needs of both academic and drug discovery investigators.
Ready to get started on your next project?
About Transposagen, Inc. is a privately-held biotechnology company founded in 2003 to commercialize early gene editing technology for the construction of rodent models of disease. Since then, has significantly increased its scientific offerings to include a suite of gene editing technologies and services that address the research needs of both academic and drug discovery investigators.
Privacy PolicyMeet the people who make a leader in genetically modified animal models, cell engineering services, and gene editing tools.
Dr. Valeriya Steffey has worked for Inc. for seven years, where she has distinguished herself as an innovative leader in both technology and business development.  Dr. Steffey is the Director of Cell Line Engineering at Transposagen.  Under her management, her team has a proven track record of successful completion of cell line engineering, engineered animal models and R&projects. As Director, she creates relationships and liaises with customers in academia and industry to initiate and manage projects. As a leader at Transposagen, she oversees new product development.
In addition to her experience in the biotechnology industry, Dr. Steffey practiced medicine for over ten years and performed academic research, with an emphasis in anatomy and neurobiology, providing her with a broad and varied background.  She is a published author and co-author of many scientific articles.
Ready to get started on your next project?
Transposagen, Inc. is a privately-held biotechnology company founded in 2003 to commercialize early gene editing technology for the construction of rodent models of disease. Since then, has significantly increased its scientific offerings to include a suite of gene editing technologies and services that address the research needs of both academic and drug discovery investigators.
The piggyBac™ transposase technology is a non-viral, gene delivery system designed for use in many different research applications. With a large cargo capacity of over 200kb, piggyBac surpasses many other transposon and viral delivery vehicles, making it the optimal choice for stable cell line creation. The high efficiency and stability of piggyBac™ integration events have proven effective in a variety of genomes.
Capable of reversing integration events, it has proven helpful for phenotypic screens and precise (Footprint-Free™) gene editing projects. To date, over 550 peer-reviewed papers have been published as a result of the piggyBac™ technology.
The Footprint-Free™ gene editing system combines the piggyBac™ excision-only transposase with the utility of the latest site-specific nucleases technologies, including and XTN™ TALENs. This process allows researchers to surgically alter a single nucleotide without creating unwanted mutations and select for very rare events.
Graphic: How Footprint-Free™ works
Transposagen, Inc. is a privately-held biotechnology company founded in 2003 to commercialize early gene editing technology for the construction of rodent models of disease. Since then, has significantly increased its scientific offerings to include a suite of gene editing technologies and services that address the research needs of both academic and drug discovery investigators.
