We've been dedicated to helping your products transcend the ordinary since 1931.
Transcendia is a leader in custom engineered materials for critical product components in a wide range of markets and applications. The provides deep material science expertise, outstanding customer service through broad geographic coverage and trusted product reliability. Our products are everywhere in your everyday life; in your car and your wallet, in your home and where you work. We continue to move forward—transcendent in our leadership, exceptional in our breadth and unmatched in our dedication to our customers and our employees. » MORE
TRANSPAQUE®  is a block-out opaque polyolefin film for both indoor and outdoor banner applications.
It's easy to choose the right amount of film for your project. Use our calculator for conversion formulas, metric equivalents and more. Or leave the math to us and contact one of our expert sales representatives.
Transcendia, a leader in custom engineered materials for critical product components in a wide range of markets and applications, completed the acquisition of (Industrial Mecano).
We have hundreds of products, and more than 8,500 product SKUs. Which is the perfect choice for you? Let us help you explore the possibilities.
In addition to manufacturing, converting and distributing our own top-quality plastic films, Transcendia distributes [hundreds of] standard and specialty films made by the most innovative names in the industry. We strive to be your most comprehensive plastic film resource, providing everything from electrically charged plastic film, to renewable and compostable films, to films that can handle the extreme heat and vibration of a space mission.
MYLAR® is a white pigmented, biaxially oriented polypropylene film coated on both sides with an aqueous dispersion of copolymer.
MYLAR® is a biaxially oriented polyester with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods. 
MYLAR® RL51is a biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer on one side and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® RL44is a biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer and corona treatment on the non-heat seal side.
MYLAR® RL43 is a biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer.  It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL43is a biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer and anti-fog capabilities. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL42 is a biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer.  It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL33 is biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated foods.
MYLAR® RL32is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an heat seal layer and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods.
MYLAR® is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OL22 is a one side heat sealable polyester film. It can be heat sealed to itself and heat seals well to thermoformed APET/trays
MYLAR® OL13is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OL13is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and anti-fogging capability on the opposite side to provide better clarity when stored a
MYLAR® OL12is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OL12is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OL12is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer.
MYLAR® OL3is a biaxially oriented polyester film with a thick amorphous polyester heat seal layer designed specifically for giving leak proof/peelable seals to ridged coated card trays and s
MYLAR® OL3 is a biaxially oriented polyester film with a thick amorphous polyester heat seal layer designed specifically for giving leak proof/peelable seals to ridged coated card trays and sm
MYLAR® OL2is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and corona treated on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OB13is dual ovenable biaxially oriented polyester lidding film with a heat seal layer on one side and a layer on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OB12is dual ovenable biaxially oriented polyester lidding film with a heat seal layer on one side and a layer on the opposite side.
MYLAR® OB02is a biaxially oriented polyester with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and a PVdlayer on the opposite side.
MYLAR® HF01is specially designed for fresh cut produce sealant lidding. With superior clarity and anti-fog properties this film provides unmatched shelf appeal. 
MYLAR® OL13is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer on one side and anti-fogging capability on the opposite side to provide better clarity when stored a
MYLAR® RL42 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL51 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL52 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL53 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer and antifog sealant surface.
MYLAR® RB42is compliant a biaxially oriented polyesterwith an heat seal layer and anti-fog capabilities. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL44 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® RL4 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated food.
MYLAR® OL2 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods.
MYLAR® is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods.
MYLAR® is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods.
MYLAR® RL32 is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging frozen and refrigerated foods.
MYLAR® OL12 is a compliant biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods.
MYLAR® OL13 is a biaxially oriented polyester film with an amorphous polyester heat seal layer. It is used as a heat sealable lidding film in packaging refrigerated and frozen foods.
It's easy to choose the right amount of film for your project. Use our calculator for conversion formulas, metric equivalents and more. Or leave the math to us and contact one of our expert sales representatives. 
Download our datasheets and get the details on tensile strength, tear resistance, opacity and more.
We have hundreds of products, and more than 8,500 product SKUs. Which is the perfect choice for you? Let us help you explore the possibilities.
Ask us for a custom solution, film recommendations and more.
Just tell us your specs and we’ll respond promptly.
Finding the right high-quality plastic film for your application is just the beginning. With Transcendia, you also receive top-tier service. We don’t just sell plastic films—we help you find the right solution for your needs. Plus, with our 98% on-time delivery record, you know your order will arrive when you expect. Need it faster? Same-day and next-day delivery is an integral part of our business.
Our name transcends who we were and embraces all we have become. Through acquisitions—and continued plans for growth—we have expanded our technologies, market focus and products, strengthened our European footprint and hired more than 100 customer-focused Process Engineers, R&and sales professionals to meet nearly any film need.
Today, we are the global market leader in specialty films with expertise across a wide spectrum of technologies. We specialize in customizing plastic film structures, changing their chemistry, composition or configuration, and offer the widest range of film products and capabilities. These include liquid coating, extrusion coating, sheet and film extrusion, specialized compounding and a wide range of custom converting services including slitting, sheeting, embossing, perforating, magnetic striping, security holograms and specialty printable plastics for commercial printing.
Thousands of customers around the world rely on us to improve application adhesion, aesthetics, durability, performance and protection. Transcend your competition with our products, service and technology today.
It's easy to choose the right amount of film for your project. Use our calculator for conversion formulas, metric equivalents and more. Or leave the math to us and contact one of our expert sales representatives.
Download our datasheets and get the details on tensile strength, tear resistance, opacity and more.
We have hundreds of products, and more than 8,500 product SKUs. Which is the perfect choice for you? Let us help you explore the possibilities.
Ask us for a custom solution, film recommendations and more.
Just tell us your specs and we’ll respond promptly.History
Transcendia, formerly known as Company, Inc. was founded in 1931 and was one of the first converter/distributors of film in the plastics industry.
From the beginning, Transcendia has transcended the industry with our innovation, technology and commitment to giving customers the customized plastic films they need.
During our first decade, our product line focused… Read More
During our first decade, our product line focused on food wrap applications. During the World War cellophane shortage, we added acetate film to our product line, followed by heavier gauge acetate sheets and rolls for the art material and screen printing markets.
The 1960s and 70s were marked by rapid expansion with new and larger facilities throughout North America. began manufacturing Sealtran’s first Trans-Kote® thermal laminating film line, as well as other product brands catering to the growing graphic arts market. emerged as a leading plastic film manufacturer, as well as the leading converter of plastic films.
In 1981, we added sheet extrusion to our portfolio, manufacturing our own high-impact polystyrene, Pro-Print® synthetic paper and Transalloy® multi-polymer alloy materials. By the 1990s, our manufacturing business was firmly established as the industry leader in extrusion coating and sheet extrusion.
Innovation has always been at our core, and this commitment was especially apparent in the 1990s. During that time we added liquid coating capabilities and pilot line development services to our portfolio. Plus, we journeyed into new and emerging applications, creating photovoltaic films for solar applications, plastic films for printed electronics applications, electric car batteries and digital print markets.
By 2009, it was time to enhance our position in the specialty films business. In support of our long-term commitment to superior quality, customer service and product innovation, acquired Quest Films, Inc. Two years later, we acquired Interfilm Holdings, Inc., further increasing our custom converting services, product offerings and reach into new markets.
Our upward trajectory continued in 2013, when we announced our partnership with The Jordan Company. This leading middle-market private equity firm has more than $6 billion of committed capital under management and a 30-year track record of investing and growing a wide range of companies. With their stability and support, we were able to execute our strategic plans and position ourselves for sustained, long-term growth.
The following year, set its sights on strategic global advancement. Our 2014 acquisition of MetPro Group expanded our presence in key global markets and enhanced our value-added product offerings. We now offer customers leading packaging technologies that offer corrosion protection during shipping and storage. Once again our reach broadened, serving customers in more than 30 countries.
In March 2015, we added our newest extrusion line. This capital expansion further supported the display advertising market with increased production capacity of graphics-grade styrene and synthetic paper solutions. Simultaneously, we acquired Imaging, the premier manufacturer and supplier of One Way Vision™ films. These innovative products for indoor and outdoor advertising provide our customers with an even broader line of printable plastics solutions. We also broadened our anti-corrosion and protective packaging product portfolio by acquiring Ellis Industrial Packaging, a European distributor of industrial active packaging and protective packaging systems.
In 2016 two monumental events occurred in our history.  First, we acquired Dow Specialty Films and the leading brands OPTICITE®, PROCITE®, TRYCITE® and SARANEX®.  Secondly, we changed our name from to Transcendia, transcending who we were and embracing all we have become.
Our momentum continues in 2017 with the acquisition of Marshall Plastic Film. The brings over 40 years of experience specializing in the production of blown polyethylene films, custom bags, and anti-corrosion film.  This addition broadens Transcendia’s material science expertise, industry leading service and extensive technology platform into engineered polyethylene films.
Through acquisitions—and continued plans for growth—we have expanded our technologies, market focus and products, broadened to 16 production and warehouse facilities across North America and Europe, and hired more than 100 customer-focused Process Engineers, R&and sales professionals.
As much as we’ve changed, one thing will always remain constant. Transcendia is committed to providing customers with exceptional plastic film solutions that build their business. Stay tuned—the best is yet to come!
It's easy to choose the right amount of film for your project. Use our calculator for conversion formulas, metric equivalents and more. Or leave the math to us and contact one of our expert sales representatives.
Download our datasheets and get the details on tensile strength, tear resistance, opacity and more.
We have hundreds of products, and more than 8,500 product SKUs. Which is the perfect choice for you? Let us help you explore the possibilities.
Ask us for a custom solution, film recommendations and more.
Just tell us your specs and we’ll respond promptly.