Middle East North Africa (MENA)
Data sheets
System matrix
basicWireless
Tunable White
Module FLEX
switchDIM
Matrix for LED/lamps
Technical data
Light you want to follow:
Data sheets
Tunable White
basicWireless
Lighting Controls and Connectivity
About As a leading global provider of smart and efficient lighting solutions, empowers its customers and business partners to become more successful by making professional lighting smarter, more exciting, and more sustainable.
Strong arguments for technology
The new modules brochure from the Technology+ series gives a clear overview of Tridonic’s extensive know-how, portfolio and way of working. 
Take a look and get yourself an overview!
Special light ceiling for Kunsthalle Mannheim
Homogeneous light from the ceiling is an integral part of the lighting concept in the new extension to the Kunsthalle Mannheim. Rentex, the light ceiling specialists, opted for modules and drivers from Tridonic. 
Modules 24 mm ADV5
G7 ADV: Highly-efficient modules
Tunable White for the Lucerne School of Engineering Architecture
Expansion of Maria Ward schools, Bamberg/Germany
Go to our dedicated site.
Terms of use data protection policy
Slavery Human Trafficking StatementThis website uses cookies to realise certain technical functions and allow analysis of the way the website is used. The following specific data is hereby stored: address, usage data, browser data. You grant your consent to the use of cookies by clicking the following button or by continuing to use this website (implied consent). Further information about the use of cookies on this website (including the storage period) can be found here.
is a world-leading supplier of lighting technology, supporting its customers with intelligent hardware and software and offering the highest level of quality, reliability and energy savings. As a global driver of innovation in the field of lighting-based network technology, develops scalable, future-oriented solutions that enable new business models for lighting manufacturers, building managers, systems integrators, planners and many other types of customers.
To promote the vision of the “Internet of Light”, relies on partnerships with other specialists. The goal is the joint development of innovative technological solutions that convert lighting systems into intelligent networks and thereby enable associated services. Its profound, technical industry expertise makes an ideal partner for established brands and for newcomers to the market.
is the technology company of the Zumtobel Group and is headquartered in Dornbirn, Austria. In the 2017/18 tax year, generated sales of €352.7 million. 1,690 highly skilled employees and a worldwide sales presence in over 50 countries reflect the company’s commitment to the development and deployment of new, smart and connected lighting systems.
