Building an Economy, a Big Exponential Organization from Scratch:
Using Exponential Technologies, like Blockchain and Cryptographic Tokens, to Empower Change-makers to Unlock Abundance 
Tackling tough R&challenges
new must-have textbook from Prof. Caroline Boudoux  
Soundings Innovation: Drugs, Devices, & Digital -- The Coming Convergence 
Wednesday, October 11, 2017
(TRT), together with our partners, are excited to launch a new educational
forum tackling the unchartered territories of medical and healthcare innovation. 
We transform your vision into proven and products.
We take a cross-discipline approach to in vitro with specialists in advanced bio-sensors, fluidics and robotics to flex to your needs whether that’s in vitro diagnostics, enhanced drug discovery and laboratory instrumentation or life science tools.
McGUINNESS
We apply our breadth of experience and deep technical knowledge in medical devices to help you launch successful products from mobile, wearable, diagnostic, and patient monitoto surgical devices and beyond.
Our team’s deep roots in imaging and expertise in advanced modeling and simulation can be applied to solve even your toughest challenges within medical imaging, industrial, and homeland security applications.
Companies Incubated
Year founded
Clients Served
        December 6, 2018 – Building an Economy, a Big Exponential Organization from Scratch: Using Exponential Technologies, like Blockchain and Cryptographic Tokens, to Empower Change-makers to Unlock Abundance        
 About the Seminar Many would say that we now live in an “exponential” age, largely […]
 Are you curious about the intersection of design thinking and synthetic biology? While we understand […]
 Join us for a day-long intensive seminar for mid- to upper-level scientists, engineers, and executive-level […]
– Drug Delivery Partnerships
(Lab Automation)
We transform your vision into proven and products.
is a leading research and development firm that, together with our clients, solves critical, often complex technical challenges. 
We work across the development process in medical devices, in vitro diagnostics, life science tools, and imaging systems.
December 6, 2018 – Building an Economy, a Big Exponential Organization from Scratch: Using Exponential Technologies, like Blockchain and Cryptographic Tokens, to Empower Change-makers to Unlock Abundance
October 4, 2018 – Synthetic Biology and Design Thinking: Multidisciplinary Paradigms and Possibilities
September 28, 2018 – Commercialization Boot Camp (BMES)
is an imaginative research and development firm that, together with our clients, solves critical, often complex technical challenges. 
We work across the development process in regulated markets including medical devices, in vitro diagnostics & life science tools, imaging, and industrial applications.
December 6, 2018 – Building an Economy, a Big Exponential Organization from Scratch: Using Exponential Technologies, like Blockchain and Cryptographic Tokens, to Empower Change-makers to Unlock Abundance
October 4, 2018 – Synthetic Biology and Design Thinking: Multidisciplinary Paradigms and Possibilities
September 28, 2018 – Commercialization Boot Camp (BMES)
Ring’s diverse team of scientists, engineers, and market experts offer a unique depth of knowledge and experience to help you achieve your vision.
Former Vice Presidents
Barry Wood
Bob Mattson
Camren Spangler
Chris Monahan
Chris Summitt
Chris Todd
Cyndy Luna
Dickshitha Thyagharajon
Don Fallon
George Fellingham
H.Keith Nishihara
John McPhaul
Kate Bechtel
Madisun Hembree
Manisha Patel
Mara Matsumura
MIke Schindler
Pallavi Chakavarty
Ryan McGuinness
Senghor Joseph
Stephanie DeFelice
Stephen Kmak
Steve Duquette
Susan Swei
Tachi Callas
Thomas Nocon
Tiffanie Manopichetwatana
Trisha Mitlo
Vyshaali Jagadeesan
Waldo Hinshaw
Electrical EngineeHuman Resources
Microfluidics
Drug Delivery Devices
Consumer Healthcare
Security & Surveillance
Aerospace & Defense
Optics & Biophotonics
Cardiology
Systems EngineeMechanical EngineeMaterials EngineeProject Management
ManufactuStrategy
Corporate Development
We transform your vision into proven and products.
is a leading research and development firm that, together with our clients, solves critical, often complex technical challenges. 
We work across the development process in medical devices, in vitro diagnostics, life science tools, and imaging systems.
December 6, 2018 – Building an Economy, a Big Exponential Organization from Scratch: Using Exponential Technologies, like Blockchain and Cryptographic Tokens, to Empower Change-makers to Unlock Abundance
October 4, 2018 – Synthetic Biology and Design Thinking: Multidisciplinary Paradigms and Possibilities
September 28, 2018 – Commercialization Boot Camp (BMES)
is an imaginative research and development firm that, together with our clients, solves critical, often complex technical challenges. 
We work across the development process in regulated markets including medical devices, in vitro diagnostics & life science tools, imaging, and industrial applications.
December 6, 2018 – Building an Economy, a Big Exponential Organization from Scratch: Using Exponential Technologies, like Blockchain and Cryptographic Tokens, to Empower Change-makers to Unlock Abundance
October 4, 2018 – Synthetic Biology and Design Thinking: Multidisciplinary Paradigms and Possibilities
September 28, 2018 – Commercialization Boot Camp (BMES)
