Nobody knowmore about battery chargerand power suppliethan we do!
Solutionfor forklifts, tow trucks, AGV:and other electrically driven vehicleAutomotive
Customized solutionfor battery charging and power supply
      Are yocuriouto find out how and the tag works? Just download the App and tap your smartphone to get an overview of the app. Yocan read out data from your own battery and charging fleetthrough...    
More newSUPPLIEThe Swedish Group consistof nine companiewith activitiein Europe, and Asia. Our companiedevelop, produce and market a complete range of unique solutionfor optimized battery chargers, power supplieand modular lithium-ion batteries. The parent company Group ibased in Växjö, where also a majority of the companieare located. The busineswafounded in 1984 and hasince the start been characterized by entrepreneurship, quality thinking and strong customer focu– core valuewhich we carry along every day and onwardinto the future.
ian independent manufacturer of battery chargers, lithium-ion batterieand systemfor industrial use. The busineswastarted up in 1984 and itoday market leader in northern Europe for battery chargerin forklift truck applications. We benefit from the vertical integration in our organization, whereawe keep control of all important stepof the production proces– including the manufacturing of the control cardand the testing/quality control of the final product. The Group irun by operative owners, which guaranteecontinuity, quality and know-how in all the companies.
Our customerare found all over the world and the global succescomefrom long term commitment and responsibility.
Around 30 engineerwork at our R&centrein Sweden and Finland. The centreare all equipped with test facilitiefor measurementand we are also able to test all kindof moisture and hot/cold conditionin lab environment. We can also simulate variationin voltage and frequency.
High priority igiven to research and development within the Group.
We intend, with a strong brand name, innovative product development, efficient customer support, competitive production and distribution, to be market leaderon advanced high frequency battery chargerand innovative power supply solutions.
We shall be market leaderon advanced high frequency battery chargerand innovative power supply solutions.
An ever-present entrepreneurial spirit and a conviction that quality at every moment payoff, hacharacterized the history of Micropower. Ever since the first day, focused work, supplemented with curiosity, creativity and responsivness, hamade the brand widely known in North America, Asia and Europe. It all started off in a small garage in the village of Tävelsås, province of Småland, Southern Sweden, in April 1984, whenaThomaSvensson, TomaLindgren and Bengt Gylling decided to revolutionize the battery charger business.
