Argonne-researchers work to annihilate nanoscale defects in semiconductors
Researchers from the University of Chicago and use the supercomputing resources at the Leadership Computing Facility to predict the path molecules must follow to find defect-free states. They designed a process that delivers industry-standard nanocircuitry that can be scaled down to smaller densities without defects.
Members of visit National Laboratory’s Advanced Photon Source to network and learn how to submit competitive proposals for their research.
In the past year, eight distinguished leaders with deep collective expertise in bioscience, communications, energy, engineering, government, physical sciences and technology have joined the Argonne, Board of Governors.
Researchers in the Institute for Molecular Engineering have demonstrated that macroscopic entanglement can be generated at room temperature and in a small magnetic field.
National Laboratory, located just outside of Chicago and one of the Department of Energy's largest national laboratories for scientific and engineering research, is managed by Argonne, LLC, for the Department of Energy's Office of Science.
The University of Chicago has served as prime contractor of since the lab’s founding in 1946 as an outgrowth of the Manhattan Project and the University's Metallurgical Laboratory.
Through Argonne, LLC, the University of Chicago brings the best of commercial practices and marshals the talent of Illinois’ leading research universities to lead into the future. is operated by Argonne, together with team member Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. This relationship underscores the University’s commitment to delivering world-class research through the safe and efficient management and operation of National Laboratory.
© 2019 UChicagoFor six decades, the Department of Energy’s (DOE’s) National Laboratory has excelled in integrating world-class science, engineering, and user facilities to deliver innovative research and technologies and new knowledge that addresses the scientific and societal needs of our nation.
From Argonne’s inception, the University of Chicago has managed and operated the laboratory—a laboratory that has become a scientific leader for and the country. Achievements and honors earned by researchers include three Nobel Prizes, 90 R&100 awards, 700 national and international awards and honors, 750 patents and the start of over 30 small businesses.
Through Argonne, LLC, the University of Chicago brings the best of commercial practices and marshals the talent of Illinois’ leading research universities to lead into the future. is operated by Argonne, together with team member Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. This partnership underscores the University’s commitment to delivering world-class research through the safe and efficient management and operation of National Laboratory.
Jacobs is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical, professional and construction services, including all aspects of architecture, engineering and construction, operations and maintenance, as well as scientific and specialty consulting. Argonne, combines the finest scientific leadership with best management practices to support innovation and discovery at that serves the national interest.
Argonne, manages the Laboratory through its Board of Governors , which consists of two dozen academic and industry leaders. The Science Policy Council is responsible for guiding the interactions and scientific directions of and its Illinois academic partners and for addressing such issues as joint appointments, student and faculty access, and the development of new scientific directions for Argonne. The Science Policy Council has been approved by the Argonne, Board of Governors for and the University of Chicago Board of Trustees.
The Council consists of the Vice-Presidents of Research for the University of Chicago, Northwestern, and the University of Illinois, and the Director of Argonne.
scientist Nancy Dietz Rago analyzes results in the Battery Post-Test Facility. Argonne’s all-encompassing battery research program spans the continuum from basic materials research and diagnostics to scale-up processes and ultimate deployment by industry.
One of the world’s premier academic and research institutions, the University of Chicago has driven new ways of thinking since its 1890 founding.
One of the world's premier academic and research institutions, the University of Chicago has driven new ways of thinking since its 1890 founding. Today, the University is an intellectual destination that draws inspired scholars to its Hyde Park and international campuses, keeping the University at the nexus of ideas that challenge and change the world .
More than 2,100 full-time academic staff teach or conduct research at the University of Chicago, developing discoveries and new technologies that make a difference. Their achievements are reflected in the more than 85 Nobel Prize winners and eight National Medal of Science recipients who have been associated with the University throughout its history. Furthermore, the University boasts more than 160 members of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and 43 members of the National Academy of Sciences currently on the faculty.
The University of Chicago is also noteworthy for having been the sole operator of the Department of Energy’s (DOE’s) National Laboratory since its charter in 1946, guiding to its present position of research excellence. Now, the University continues its stewardship role for through Argonne, One of Argonne’s important missions is the design, construction and operation of major national user facilities—large, unique facilities used for cutting-edge research by the scientific community. Researchers on site collaborate with outside users across the scientific and engineering spectrum. The technical capabilities of are supplemented by integration with the economics, social science and public policy programs of the University, bringing multiple perspectives to science, energy and national security issues.
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical, professional and construction services, including all aspects of architecture, engineering and construction, operations and maintenance, as well as scientific and specialty consulting. Jacobs serves a broad range of companies and organizations; including industrial, commercial, and government clients across multiple markets and geographies. Jacobs’ global network includes more than 200 offices in more than 25 countries, with operations in North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, India, Australia, Africa and Asia. The company was founded in 1947, and is headquartered in Pasadena, California.
© 2019 UChicagoDirector, National Laboratory
Paul Kearns is the director of the Department of Energy's National Laboratory. He brings nearly three decades of management experience to the position, as well as a strong background in science and engineering.
His wide-ranging career includes senior-level positions managing state-of-the art research and production facilities and supporting site operations. He has a strong record in environment, safety and health, safeguards and security, and quality policies and programs, including Integrated Safety Management. He also has extensive experience with the Department of Energy. Previously, he served as Argonne's Deputy Laboratory Director for Operations and Chief Operations Officer.
Kearns comes to from Battelle Global Laboratory Operations, where he directed Oak Ridge National Laboratory initiatives focused on energy security and resources assurance. Previously, he led a Battelle initiative to deliver enhanced leadership and value to government and commercial energy clients through enhanced national laboratory collaboration. He also served as chair of Battelle's nuclear energy leadership team.
He spent two years as president and managing director of Battelle-Italia, Rome, Italy. This subsidiary of Battelle was founded to work in partnership with Italian government and industry to solve challenging problems in energy, security and the environment.
From October 2003 to February 2005, Kearns was director of the Idaho National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory (INEEL), Idaho Falls, Idaho. He also served at as deputy laboratory director and associate laboratory director for Environmental Technology and Engineering. At the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, Paul managed Process Technology and Environmental Management Resources and the laboratory's Waste Disposal Integration Team.
He has held several positions with the Department of Energy. He was acting director of the Denver Regional Support Office, acting director of the Office of Energy Management, in Washington, D.C., a senior advisor at the Golden Field Office, Golden, Colorado, and manager of the National Renewable and Environmental Laboratory and Solar Energy Research Institute (SERI) Area Office. Closer to home, Paul held several positions in DOE's Chicago Operations Office.
Kearns is a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and a member of the American Nuclear Society and the Society for Conservation Biology. He is visiting professor in engineering and physical sciences, University of Manchester. He holds a Ph.in health sciences, a master's degree in bionucleonics and a bachelor's degree in natural resources and environmental sciences, all from Purdue University.
Office of the Executive Vice President for Research, Innovation and National Laboratories
Kawtar Hafidi, Associate Laboratory Director for the Physical Sciences and Engineering Directorate
Suresh Sunderrajan , (Interim) Associate Laboratory Director for Energy and Global Security
Ushma Kriplani , (Interim) Associate Laboratory Director for the Science & Technology Partnerships and Outreach.
© 2019 UChicagoBusiness scholars teach lab professionals to lead a scientific community. In 2007, launched the Strategic Laboratory Leadership Program, which draws on expertise from the top-ranking University of Chicago Booth School of Business to develop future lab leaders, address succession planning challenges, and foster closer working relationships between and nearby Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory.
This program builds such management skills as strategic planning and commanding change and innovation, with an emphasis on effective leadership and promoting real-world application of new skill sets. Participants also complete a Chicago Booth executive education elective course aligned with personal development interests.
With over 100 graduates and an active alumni network, the program’s success attracts attention from other national laboratories. In 2011, welcomed staff from Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility to participate in the leadership program.
The University of Chicago booth School of Business consistently ranks in the top five programs in the country-often leading at number one.
