to make the world a greener, cleaner, safer place.
Greener means lower fuel costs, higher operational efficiency, and significant energy savings. Greener means smarter.
Cleaner means environmentally friendly and high performance. Cleaner means smarter.
Safer means maximum fire protection – for your people and your equipment. Safer means smarter.
Let us help you find what you’re looking for. 
Fire rated ceiling / doors / windows / walls
Refractory back-up
Refractory back-up
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.  By using this website, you agree to accept our 
is a global leader in high-performance specialty fibers and inorganic materials used in high-temperature industrial, automotive, and fire protection applications. Our purpose, mission and values  are based on our commitment to produce high-quality products that help our customers save energy, reduce pollution, and improve fire safety.
The spirit of innovation that began more than 75 years ago with our Fiberfrax® ceramic fiber product line continues today. Our revolutionary new offerings, like low bio-persistent fiber products and new high-performance materials, are designed to provide innovative heat management solutions. Today, we champion emerging technologies, from electric vehicle battery protection and new solar power storage applications to advanced cryogenic insulation media for storage of cryogenic liquids. Our products are used to solve countless application problems across many industries, including chemical processing, power generation and storage, ceramic and glass, fire protection, aerospace, appliance, hearth, automotive, and transportation. 
employs more than 2,300 people worldwide, with our corporate headquarters located in Buffalo, New York. We have 31 manufacturing facilities in 12 countries and a sales presence in all of the world’s major industrial regions, including North America, South America, Europe, Australia, Asia, and South Africa. We comply with all applicable environmental laws and requirements of the countries we operate in. All our manufacturing facilities have achieved current certifications and comply with all appropriate quality standards expected for the production of high-temperature specialty materials.
is committed to customer satisfaction, supplying quality products that meet our customers’ application challenges while maintaining the strong spirit of innovation that has always been a hallmark of our business. Our knowledgeable technical support, application engineering services, and outstanding customer service continue to be cornerstones of our success.
history of growth and innovation.
Revolutionary new Isofrax fiber is introduced, to meet European regulatory requirements
focuses on emission control products for the automotive industry
builds a new, state‑of‑the‑art facility to manufacture emission control products in Tonawanda, N.Y.
To produce high‑quality specialty fiber products that help our global customers save energy, reduce pollution, and improve fire safety.
To be the worldwide provider of high‑performance specialty fiber materials and solutions. Contact Us
global leader in high‑performance specialty products.
With 31 manufacturing facilities in 12 countries and sales offices in all of the world’s major industrial regions, including the United States, Europe, Asia, South Africa, and Latin America, is where you are. You can count on us to support your needs with the products and solutions, the technical and engineering services, and the support that have been the standard for more than 75 years.
For more information on Unifrax’s global locations, or to speak with a sales representative near you, please contact us at 
Fire Protection Application Engineering Hot Line
FyreWrap Lithium Battery Hotline
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.  By using this website, you agree to accept our 
In April 2014, invested in a partnership with Shandong Luyang Share Co. Ltd. to align their joint capabilities in the Chinese market.
Luyang manufactures a variety of refractory insulation materials used primarily in China. Luyang is a leader in the Chinese marketplace and has been in business for 30 years. Luyang is headquartered in Yiyuan County, Zibo, Shandong, China, and has five locations in Yiyuan, Xinjiang, Guizhou, and Inner Mongolia, and 69 sales offices across China. More information about Luyang can be found at 
is the exclusive distributor of Luyang products in North America, South America, Europe, and India.
If you are located in China and interested in thermal management products, please contact:
If you are located in China and interested in automotive emission control products, please contact:
For all other requests for information on Luyang, please send us a message at 
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.  By using this website, you agree to accept our 
Our most important asset is our people.
Here at Unifrax, we are determined to make the world a greener, cleaner, safer place through the manufacturing of specialty products that save energy, reduce pollution, and improve fire safety. Though we employ many assets to help us attain this vision, our most important asset is our people.
If you’re interested in joining an exceptional and talented team of people who create innovative products and solutions, take a look at our current openings and submit your résumé for consideration.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.  By using this website, you agree to accept our 
