Events and Presentations
Good Manufacturing Practices
Environmental Performance
Health & Safety
Product Integrity & Traceability
Message from the Chairman
Company Recognized as Agribusiness of the Year
Cultivating Communities
Water for Life
Impacting Lives
Sustainable Practices
Passion For Trees
Events and Presentations
Good Manufacturing Practices
Environmental Performance
Health & Safety
Product Integrity & Traceability
100 years ago, Jaquelin Taylor started a company that has grown to become the leader in the global business, and, today, we’re excited to contemplate future opportunities. But, some things won’t change, like our commitment to setting industry standards in providing products that are responsibly‐sourced and processed with transparency and our dedication to cultivating stronger ties with the various communities that we both serve and depend on, including, our investors, our customers, and our growers.
Look closer and you’ll discover a company that’s facing its future with firm resolve and sensible optimism.
Headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, Corporation operates in more than 30 countries spanning five continents. Our primary subsidiary, Company, Incorporated, is responsible for the largest portion of our business, the procurement and processing of a variety of tobacfor and providing supply chain services to manufacturers of consumer products. We are the leading global supplier of and also have other agro‐related businesses that fit with our core competencies.
Corporation (NYSE:UVV), headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, was founded in 1918. is the parent company for businesses categorized on this website as Leaf, Ingredients and Enterprises. Collectively, we conduct business in more than 30 countries on 5 continents and employ more than 24,000 permanent and seasonal workers.
Our business includes procuring, financing, processing, packing, storing and shipping and other agri-products.  We are the world’s leading global supplier, and is our primary business and source of revenues.  We also recently started a sweet potato processing business and intend to expand into other agricultural products processing.  We do not manufacture any consumer products.  Instead, we support consumer product manufacturers throughout the world by selling them processed raw products and performing related services for them.
Through various global subsidiaries and unconsolidated entities, we purchase, process and sell a variety of flue-cured, burley dark air-cured and oriental tobaccos.   provides agronomy support, research and financing to farmers but does not manufacture consumer products.
Our strategic plan involves a measured evaluation of diversification opportunities in the agro-business space that allow us to take advantage of core competencies gained over our nearly 100- year history, including:
Our ability to maintain effective working relationships with farmers of all sizes
Our experience in processing, packaging and selling
Our experience in supply chain logistics, including, sourcing, transporting and warehousing
Our inventory management expertise
In addition to our traditional business, has also established a presence in the value-added agricultural space.  These businesses offer products and services ranging from traditional laboratory testing of raw agricultural products to the production and testing of agricultural byproducts that allow us to take advantage of the possibilities presented by evolving new markets.
Like our other businesses, we continually keep an eye open for new opportunities to add to  our product and service offerings in the Enterprise arena but only those consistent with our core competencies.Progress in the Midst of Uncertainty
Reflecting on all that’s occurred since our founding, one thought seems to sum it up better than others—it’s been quite a ride!  As the following timeline demonstrates, ours is a history defined by forward progress, often in spite of the uncertainty around us.   Through 100 years characterized by economic anxiety, geo-political turmoil and breathtaking technological change, has managed to adapt to changing agricultural practices, build a global presence, embrace state of the art technology and emerge as the recognized industry leader.
We’re indebted to those who’ve traveled with us—our investors, our employees, our growers and, especially, our customers.  To all we say, "thank you".   We’re grateful for your confidence, your help, your friendship and our relationships.  And, we hope you’ll continue with us on the journey ahead.
1918 - Charter of Incorporation issued for Company, Incorporated.
1927 - Company, Inc. listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
1930 - With the severe economic downturn at the beginning of the decade, concentrates on building efficiencies through larger processing volumes and cost-cutting measures.
1930 - The Company continues to expand its presence in foreign markets, most significantly in China and Canada.
1938 - establishes branch in Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe).
1940 - The period of World War and the rebuilding years that followed create challenges for and significant growth opportunities in the and abroad. Cigarettes become the dominant form of smoked tobac1941 - operations in China suspended during World War Cigar operations reorganized under Winstead of Pennsylvania.
1953 - forms the Rhodesian to develop exports from Central Africa.
1958 - establishes the first scientific laboratory focused on the supply chain.
1960 - expands its operations in four continents and develops economies of scale through super plants.
1960 - expands in Rhodesia until economic sanctions stemming from the country’s civil war cut off the Rhodesian market.
1960 - Growing acceptance of from Malawi leads to form Limbe Company in Malawi.
1961 - builds super plants in Henderson, Smithfield, and Wilson, NC, as well as Canada.
1964 - expands operations in Greece and Italy through a partnership with a Dutch Company.
1970 - enters the Brazilian market through its Dutch partnership.
1984 - Counterflow separator patented to provide more efficient separation of from its stem.
1986 - acquires Deli-Maatschappij, its partner in Greece, Italy and Brazil. This company also brings diversification opportunities in lumber and agri-products.
1988 - The company acquires Thorpe & Ricks in North Carolina, expanding its base.
1990 - acquires the German company, Gebrueder Kulenkampff AG, expanding activities in Brazil and Turkey, and becoming the world’s leading dark air-cured merchant.
1996 - implements a global strategy that emphasizes partnerships with customers to promote supply stability.
1998 - The Company announces the beginning of a common share repurchase that develops into a $350 million program.
2001 - Contract purchasing begins in the United States, supplanting the traditional auction market system.
2003 - The grand opening of the state-of-the-art super plant in Nash, North Carolina.
2006 - Opening of Mozambique processing facility.
2007 - marks 37 years of consecutive annual dividend increases.
2008 - George Freeman elected as Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Corporation.
2013 - begins a joint venture known as AmeriNic, Inc. to supply liquid nicotine for the electronic cigarette market.
2014 - develops MobiLeaf, a digital tablet-based solution to efficiently monitor and promote sustainable production and farmer participation.
2015 - Carolina Recycled Ag Materials, LLC, an onsite compost operation, was developed for the purpose of composting by-products which consist of dust, leaves and stems.
2015 - announces 45th consecutive annual increase in common stock dividends.
2016 - lauches a new brand featuring an updated logo and website. This begins Universal's countdown to its centennial anniversary in 2018.
2016 - Carolina Innovative Food Ingredients, Inc. (CIFI, Inc.), an endeavor into the fruit and vegetable food ingredients market, is launched. completes its greenfield processing facility in Nash County, and begins sales.
2016 - begins an initiative called the Ripple Effect. It's a renewed mindset that emphasizes our commitment to being a responsible corporate citizen in collaboration with our community partners. It promotes positive transformative change and strong communities.Success Requires a Solid Foundation
You can learn a lot about a company by understanding what it values and how it does business.  At Universal, our beliefs reflect where we’ve been and what we’ve learned over our nearly 100 years of history.   Taken together, they define the very core of who we are, a glimpse into our company’s soul, if you will.  And, more than just words, at they dictate the way we do business every day.
We believe in our responsibility to make a sustainable impact on our planet.
We believe in the value of cultivating communities through responsible partnerships.
We believe that focusing on the success of suppliers and customers is good business for us.
We believe in adopting sustainable agricultural practices responsive to the needs of farmers and the environment.
We believe in setting the standards for providing compliant products in a transparent manner.
We believe that our global workforce provides the energy that fuels our business.
We believe in maintaining the financial strength necessary to support our communities.
We believe in seeking and developing business opportunities that fit our core competencies.
We believe in learning from the past in order to avoid problems in the future.
We believe in doing what we say we will do.Promising Future Born From Successful Past
Throughout its 100-year history, has built a global presence, responded to changing agricultural practices, made significant investments in the quality of life for many of its more than 24,000 workers, embraced state of the art technology and emerged as the recognized industry leader. In the process, we’ve learned some things that we believe will direct us as we enter the next chapter of our company’s continuing story. So, we invite you to journey with us on the pathway to the future considering the following principles that will guide us:
Companies don’t build businesses, people do
At Universal, management has charted a course through depression, wars and geo-political upheavals.   Along the way, our people have provided the energy and enthusiasm necessary to navigating the past and confronting the future.
They are the very fabric of what we do.  Over the years, handshakes have signaled relationships built upon trust and loyalty. And, although today’s legal environment requires written agreements, those sealed with handshakes still signal the kind of relationships that will last, not just for a while but for decades to come.
Do the right thing the right way
has become known for doing what it says it will do.  When we take a position, make a promise or guarantee a result, you can count on us to deliver.  Our fundamental promise is to do business in the future in the very same way—the right way.
company is known for what it values
Consider our core beliefs, and you’ll understand the values that define us.  They underpin the actions we take every day to cultivate and strengthen the various communities we depend on—growers, investors, employees and, most importantly, our customers.  In short, we practice what we preach—that’s just what leaders do.
Every action affects others
We call that “The Ripple Effect”, and it is manifest in every decision we make.  Every action gives rise to another….and another….and another….and so on.  Consider this example.  We provide a grower with training and crop analytics technology that results in better yields and, in turn, a more prosperous farmer better equipped to help improve the quality of life in his community.  We work every day to take such actions mindful of the rippling impacts they will have on the lives of people, the needs of our investors, the requirements of our customers, the sustainability of our practices and the health of our planet.Cultivating the Communities We Depend On
When you think about communities, what initially comes to mind is home, but to us the idea of community extends well beyond that.  The fact is that is dependent upon several very important, but perhaps less obvious, “communities” that provide vital contributions to the success of our business, including, our farmers, our investors, our employees and, most importantly, our customers.  To all these communities that we depend on every day, we say thank you for your confidence, your loyalty and for making us better.  We’ll continue to work to justify your trust in us.  You have our word on that.
Customer Community - For nearly 100 years, customers have rewarded us with their business, because they understand they can rely on to do what we say we’ll do—a simple formula for building relationships that last.   They’ve made us better in many ways, such as, their insistence that our products be fully compliant and sustainable and delivered via an efficient supply chain with attention to careful inventory management.
Farmer Community - They consistently work to provide us with a reliable and sustainable product that, both in style and quality, meets the exacting expectations of our customers.
Investor Community - Year after year, our investors have demonstrated their confidence in us with their debt and equity investments.  Shareholders, in particular, are attracted to for its 45-year track record of uninterrupted dividend increases.  And, both groups value our conservative management style, one that faces the future with optimism tempered by common sense.
Employee Community - We’re constantly reminded of the enthusiasm of our employees who consistently deliver more than is expected and take personal responsibility for doing the right thing the right way.  Together, they supply the energy that moves us forward, and we’re ever grateful to them.Steering a Course to the Future
Read a brief letter from our Chairman and get to know a leadership team who, like those before them, is guided by a simple principle — carefully manage the present while thoughtfully planning for the future.
Message from the Chairman
Dear Friends of Universal,
am pleased to announce that Corporation celebrated its 100th anniversary on January 25, 2018.  It is an important milestone for our Company, and a testament to the long-running and continued support and importance of our vital communities— employees, investors, customers, and growers.
Throughout our 100 year history, we have been finding innovative solutions to serve our customers and meet their needs.  We have grown from a collection of dealers in the United States to a global business that spans five continents.  We are proud to be the leading global supplier and the recognized industry leader. believe that we accomplished this feat by operating throughout our long history with integrity, honesty, and a focus on quality. We are a vital link in the supply chain.
We are looking forward to our next 100 years and seek to build on the many lessons that we’ve learned on our journey thus far by seeking opportunities to leverage both our assets and expertise.  We will continue our commitment to leadership in setting industry standards, operating with transparency, providing products that are responsibly-sourced, and investing in and strengthening the communities in which we operate.  We thank you for your continued support.
Key Operating Strategies
Strategic Market Position
We work closely with both our customers and suppliers to ensure that we deliver a product that meets our customers’ needs while cultivating a strong sustainable supplier base.  We balance purchases of against customer demand and maintain global procurement and production operations to maximize supply chain efficiencies.
Strong Local Management
Having strong local management in all of our key supply origins allows us to identify constantly shifting market conditions.  Empowered local management coupled with global coordination is critical to affording the necessary flexibility to quickly adjust our decision processes in order to continually deliver high quality, competitively-priced products and services.
operates on five continents and maintains a presence in all major flue-cured, burley, oriental and dark air-cured origin markets.  This global presence allows us to meet our customers’ diverse requirements while minimizing the effects adverse crop conditions and other localized supply interruptions.
Financial strength is critical and enables us to fund our global operations efficiently and to facilitate investment when suitable opportunities arise.  Managing interest expense and capital costs provides a competitive advantage, affording us flexibility when responding to customer requirements and market changes.Carolina Innovative Food Ingredients, Inc. (CIFI), opened the doors of its new state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in late 2015. produces quality liquid and dehydrated fruit and vegetable products, including concentrated and non-concentrated juices, purees, and flours.  CIFI’s primary focus is to derive value added ingredients from sweet potatoes. Sweet potatoes are non-GMO, gluten free, high in beta-carotene and vitamin They are also an important source of fiber and protein. Sweet Potatoes are widely used in food preparation and food manufacturing processes for items such as baked goods, purees, soups and other preparations. New and innovative uses for sweet potatoes, particularly in the growing health and wellness beverage market and the global pet food industry, are continuously occurring. We believe the demand for this versatile product as an essential part of new formulations will continue to grow.
is located in North Carolina where nearly half of all sweet potatoes in the United States are grown. Being located close to the source allows us to optimize supply logistics for the freshest products as well as manage the supply chain and traceability aspects of our business that are so important for food safety and adherence to good agricultural practices programs.
Juice products can be aseptically packaged, chilled, or frozen in drums, totes, or bulk. Aseptic processing will be processed to standards. Dehydrated products can be packaged in bulk, bins and bag-in-box. The new facility is certified for organic and kosher production. All production is to human food standards, and we offer the capability of customer specific product customization as part of our production process.
Carolina Innovative Food Ingredients, Inc. offers broad product and technical capabilities including the dehydration and juicing of fruit and vegetables. All of our products are grown, produced and manufactured in the United States.
