For information about UT-Battelle, please contact the Information Center,Both and Battelle are committed to serving the  Department of Energy by enhancing ORNL's leadership in scientific research,  laboratory operations and community service. As ORNL's largest research  partner, the University   of Tennessee strengthens  the Laboratory’s partnerships among state and regional stakeholders. Battelle's  founding purpose, “science in service to humanity,” expresses a special  responsibility to the pursuit, and the benefits, of scientific discovery.
places a particular emphasis on promoting  science education and has donated more than $8 million to regional outreach  initiatives – including $4.5 million for science education – since becoming the  managing contractor of in April 2000. As part of a philosophy of “legacy  investments,” has equipped more than 40 high school science  laboratories and recently announced a $100,000 donation to help build new  laboratories at Roane State Community College’s  Oak Ridge  campus. was a leader in the $55 million renovation of Oak Ridge High School, which included a $2 million  gift and loaned executives for the project’s design, communication and  fundraising efforts.
7,500-person  R&organization, founded in 1929 in Columbus, Ohio, as a non-profit  charitable trust with annual revenues of more than $3 billion.
Manages or  co-manages several other major research facilities, including DOE's Pacific  Northwest National Laboratory (since 1965), the National Renewable Energy  Laboratory (since 1998), Brookhaven National Laboratory (since 1998) and Idaho  National Laboratory (since 2005); corporate laboratories in Columbus,  Ohio, and other and European locations.
Conducts more  than 5,000 current projects for 1,100 government and industrial clients.
Winner, including  those received by its affiliate laboratories, of 191 prestigious “R&100”  awards given annually by R&Magazine for the world’s top innovations.
Winner of 41  Federal Laboratory Consortium Awards for outstanding accomplishments in science  and technology.
The  University of Tennessee is classified as a research  university with very high research activity (RU/VH) by the Carnegie  Commission. The university conducts externally-funded research totaling more  than $300 million annually, including some $17.3 million annually in research sponsored by  ORNL.
Areas of joint research with include the  Bioenergy Science Center’s work on cellulosic ethanol; the Center for  Computational Sciences partnership with the National Science Foundation; and the  Science Alliance, with divisions in biological, chemical, physical, and  mathematical/computer science.
UT/Joint Institutes and Centers include Biological  Sciences, Computational Sciences, Neutron Sciences, Heavy Ion Research and the National Transportation Center.
For information about UT-Battelle, please contact the Information Center,Dr. Zacharia, who became Laboratory Director on July 1, 2017, is responsible for a diverse portfolio of science and energy research and development spanning fundamental research in physics, biology, and chemistry through clean energy; energy generation, distribution, and end use; and national security programs. Operating responsibilities include a nuclear reactor, a high-power proton accelerator, classified activities, and a complex array of research facilities and construction projects. He is responsible for an annual budget exceeding $1.4 billion.
Dr. Zacharia first joined in 1987 as a postdoctoral researcher. Soon after accepting a staff position with the Laboratory’s Metals and Ceramics Division in 1989, he established the Materials Modeling and Simulation Group and served as group leader until he was named director of the Computer Science and Mathematics Division in 1998. He served as Deputy Associate Laboratory Director for High Performance Computing from 2000 to 2001 and was named Associate Laboratory Director for the newly formed Computing and Computational Sciences Directorate in 2001.  He led the creation of the Oak Ridge Leadership Computing Facility and the realization of DOE’s goal of fielding the world’s most powerful supercomputing system.  Dr. Zacharia also oversaw the establishment of the National Institute for Computational Sciences, a partnership of and the University of Tennessee that successfully delivered a petascale supercomputer for the National Science Foundation in 2008 and continues to provide researchers with leadership-class high-performance computing resources, facilities, and support. Prior to becoming Lab Director, he served as the Deputy for Science and Technology, overseeing all the Laboratory’s R&programs.
Thomas holds a in mechanical engineering from the National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal, India, an in materials science from the University of Mississippi in Oxford, Mississippi, and a Ph.in engineering science from Clarkson University in Potsdam, New York.  He holds two patents and is author or co-author of more than 100 publications on high-performance computing for manufacturing processes, including superplastic forming, casting and solidification, and the stamping process.  He was named a Fellow of the American Welding Society in 2005, elected a Corresponding Member of the International Academy of Astronautics in 2014, and named a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 2015.
For information about UT-Battelle, please contact the Information Center,Home
For information about UT-Battelle, please contact the Information Center,Thomas, who became Laboratory Director on July 1, 2017, is responsible for a diverse portfolio of science and energy research and development spanning fundamental research in physics, biology, and chemistry through clean energy; energy generation, distribution, and end use; and national security programs. Operating responsibilities include a nuclear reactor, a high-power proton accelerator, classified activities, and a complex array of research facilities and construction projects. He is responsible for an annual budget exceeding $1.4 billion.
Jeff is Deputy for Laboratory Operations at ORNL, where he has led a $350  million campus modernization project. He also serves as president of the  Development Corporation, an entity established to develop privately  constructed facilities at Jeff received a degree in ceramic engineering  from Ohio State University.
As Deputy for Science and Technology, Michelle oversees one of the nation's most extensive portfolios of research and development, spanning physical and materials sciences, energy and engineering sciences, computing and computational sciences, biological and environmental sciences, neutron sciences, and global security, for the Department of Energy and other sponsors.
As General Counsel of Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL), Rachel leads the laboratory's Legal Directorate, with responsibility for providing legal advice and counsel to the Laboratory Director and management in all areas affecting the Laboratory.
Chief Financial Officer for  since April 2011, Scott received a from Concord College (now  Concord University) and an from Auburn University. He is also a certified  public accountant. Before joining as Chief Audit Executive in  2000, Scott served as Chief Audit Officer for Oak Ridge Associated  Universities and as an auditor for the Department of Energy's Office of  Inspector General.
Dr. David Dean is the Associate Laboratory Director (ALD) for the Physical Sciences Directorate (PSD) at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL). In his role as ALD, Dr. Dean pursues excellence across the broad physical sciences portfolio, with particular emphases on quantum materials; structural materials and alloys; soft materials; nanoscience; and applications of materials and chemistry in energy and security.
Alan became the Associate Laboratory Director for ORNL's Nuclear Science and Engineering Directorate in February 2014. operates state-of-the-art nuclear facilities and conducts technology development and application programs that impact fields from basic science to reactor development to national security.
As Director of Communications, David is responsible for external and internal communications, community relations, and protocol visits for Oak Ridge National Laboratory.
Associate Laboratory Director for Energy and Environmental Sciences
As ORNL’s Associate Laboratory Director for Energy and Environmental Sciences, Moe leads a $260research portfolio for delivering science-based and innovation-driven technology solutions for the most critical problems facing society at the nexus of energy, environment, and security.
Doug has more than three decades of experience in conducting and leading applied R&in computational applications designed to simulate complex physical phenomena in the energy, defense, and manufacturing sectors.
ORNL's Associate Laboratory Director for Neutron Sciences, Paul is also a joint faculty professor of Cellular and Molecular Biology at the University of Tennessee, an adjunct faculty member in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the University of Toledo (Ohio), and director of the Center for Structural Molecular Biology (CSMB).
Gail leads the Internal Audit Directorate, which is responsible for all audit activities and the staff concerns program at The organization provides independent, objective assurance and consulting services that are designed to support and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes through evaluations of all management systems, processes, and programs.
As Director of Strategic and Institutional Planning, Celia leads the Office of Institutional Planning (OIP), managing programs and activities that move forward and expand the Laboratory’s capabilities. In collaboration with the Laboratory leadership, maintains and updates the long-term Laboratory agenda and annual Lab Plan. In addition, she oversees the Laboratory Directed Research and Development (LDRD) program, which invests in research that strengthens and enhances ORNL’s capabilities.
Jeff serves as Associate Laboratory Director for Computing and Computational Sciences. theoretical chemist and software developer, he joined in 2002 as Director of the Computer Science and Mathematics Division. The R&100 Award recipient holds degrees in chemistry and mathematics from Malone College (Canton, Ohio) and a Ph.in physical chemistry from Texas A&University.
As associate laboratory director for global security at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, James Peery oversees research and development programs that support the national security missions of the Department of Energy and other government agencies.
Director for Environment, Safety, and Health
John leads the Environment, Safety, and Health (ES&H) Directorate at Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL).  John is an environmental engineer with approximately 30 years of ES&experience within the Department of Energy (DOE) complex. He worked in DOE's national nuclear security and environmental cleanup programs before joining in 2004.
plasma physicist, Ned manages the Contributions to Project, the portion of  an international partnership aimed at demonstrating the scientific and  technological feasibility of fusion energy. He received and degrees  from and a Ph.from Princeton   University. Ned is a  fellow of AAAS, and APS.
As Director of Human Resources, Debbie leads the   Laboratory's efforts to attract, develop and retain outstanding, diverse and   engaged staff through effective workforce planning and recruiting, staff   development, competitive compensation and benefit plans, and proactive staff and   labor relations. She received her doctorate in experimental psychology   from the University of Tennessee.
Jimmy  is Director of the Facilities and Operations Directorate at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge, Tennessee.  He manages seven divisions that provide critical laboratory support services.  These include facility operations, laboratory protection, engineering and construction management, materials fabrication, site services, logistical functions, and craft services.
Acting Director for Science and Technology Partnerships
Thomas, who became Laboratory Director on July 1, 2017, is responsible for a diverse portfolio of science and energy research and development spanning fundamental research in physics, biology, and chemistry through clean energy; energy generation, distribution, and end use; and national security programs. Operating responsibilities include a nuclear reactor, a high-power proton accelerator, classified activities, and a complex array of research facilities and construction projects. He is responsible for an annual budget exceeding $1.4 billion.
For information about UT-Battelle, please contact the Information Center,