The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee (UWM) is driven by a mission to improve lives and our economy through education and research.  The (UWMRF) was formed to strengthen that mission – through fostering cutting edge research, impacting the marketplace with that research, and enhancing the success of students by arming them with skills in innovation, creativity, and entrepreneurship.
The is building and delivering programs that transform and innovation at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee – including the Catalyst Grant Program, Ideas Challenge Program, and the National Science Foundation’s (NSF) Innovation Corps (I-Corps) Program. By pairing strong science, entrepreneurship, and commercial potential, UWM’s faculty and students play an important role in strengthening the Milwaukee economy.
Prototyping Center helps turn ideas into reality
Avdeev named director of innovation at Lubar Entrepreneurship Center
Milwaukee startups receive funding to commercialize their technology
UWM, and Lubar Entrepreneurship Center
Transforming and Innovation at The was launched in 2006 to complement the Foundation, Inc., and support and innovation at UW-Milwaukee. The would not be possible without the support of forward-looking organizations and Foundations. We are deeply grateful to 
the Bradley Foundation, the Herzfeld Foundation, Rockwell Automation Charitable Corporation, Healthcare 
as well as others who see the value in our efforts.
students discuss their Business Model Canvas for a new startup (11-11-17)
UWM's Dr. Jun Zhang (right) collaborates with Brian Kost (left) of Healthcare. 
Furthering the development of knowledge
In 2016, was designated as an R-1 intensive university by the Carnegie Classification System of Higher Education placing among 115 top-tier institutions in the nation out of more than 4,600 institutions. The continues to help create an environment that attracts, retains, and supports innovative researchers who contribute to this important distinction by building and delivering programs that transform and innovation at the – including the Catalyst Grant Program and an array of entrepreneurship and innovation programs.
Prototyping Center helps turn ideas into reality
Avdeev named director of innovation at Lubar Entrepreneurship Center
Milwaukee startups receive funding to commercialize their technology
UWM, and Lubar Entrepreneurship Center
Mr. Thompson joined the in 2006 to broaden the Foundation’s role in support of and innovation and to help launch the Foundation. He leads efforts by the to bridge between the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee and the private sector through programs that include catalyst grants and intellectual property management as well as fostering corporate partnerships, spinout companies and student entrepreneurship.
Mr. Thompson is also Director of the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center at He is Co-on the Milwaukee I-Corps Site sponsored by the National Science Foundation, and helps lead the program which helps university based innovators explore markets for their technology through lean launch and the customer discovery process.  He teaches new ventures as an adjunct instructor in UWM’s College of Engineering and Applied Science and the Lubar School of Business.
Prior to joining the Foundation, Mr. Thompson was Managing Director for TechStar, a Milwaukee-based organization that assists in launching high-tech companies where he helped launch companies in biomedical imaging, medical devices and therapeutics. He also led TechStar’s efforts to identify regional biotech strengths and organized the Biomedical Technology Alliance, an alliance among Milwaukee institutions to foster collaboration.
Mr. Thompson was previously part of the corporate new ventures group at Hughes Electronics where he worked with early stage companies in consumer electronics, broadband services and entertainment. His technology background includes managing software development projects and designing and launching communications satellites as a system engineer at Hughes Space and Communications.
Mr. Thompson serves on the board of the Wisconsin Technology Council and has been active in fostering entrepreneurship in the Milwaukee. Mr. Thompson previously served on the boards of start-up companies, MatriLab and NovaScan. He holds a Bachelor’s and Master’s Degree in mechanical engineering from Purdue University and an from UCLA.
Zahra Ermoian (left, Senior -Business) mentored by Mr. Thompson on her Collaborative Coffee Shop startup idea.
Dr. Jessica Silvaggi was appointed as the Director of Technology Commercialization in July 2018, where she manages the overall patent portfolio and marketing and licensing program. She joined the team in 2009 as Technology Licensing Associate, where she established the initial technology marketing program, played a major role in the evaluation of intellectual property for patentability and commercialization, and aided in the drafting of licensing agreements.  In summer 2011 she continued to lead marketing and commercialization efforts as the Licensing Manager for UWMRF, and in fall of 2015 she assumed further managerial responsibilities as the Senior Licensing Manager.
Dr. Silvaggi received a in Molecular and Cell Biology from the University of Connecticut, a Ph.in Biochemistry from Harvard University studying the model genetic organism Bacillus subtilis, and was a post-doctoral fellow at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute studying the role of antioxidants in the protection of the brain from Parkinson’s disease. In October 2014 she became a certified licensing professional. Jessica is also an active member and co-chair of the Wisconsin chapter of the Licensing Executives Society.
Dr. Silvaggi continues to grow the technology transfer program at and aims to develop more industry partnerships to bring exciting new inventions to market. She also supports faculty and students through teaching them the basics intellectual property, and encourages entrepreneurship and the formation of new start-ups in Milwaukee.
Dr. Silvaggi congratulates researchers for their obtained patents and licenses at our Annual Partner's Reception.
Dr. Salazar (left) and Dr. Silvaggi (right) discuss licensing guidelines.
Nicole Green joined the team in the summer of 2016 as the Program Coordinator and was promoted to Program Manager in 2018 for the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center and Ms. Green’s role is to promote entrepreneurial and innovative thinking across campus and all disciplines. She helps student entrepreneurs grow their endeavors and develop personal/professional skills. Ms. Green regularly collaborates with professors to bring hands on workshops, highlighting entrepreneurial and design thinking, to their classrooms. Her expertise lies in experiential design using human-centered techniques to build in-class workshops, extracurricular content, and to facilitate work sessions that that makes participants think differently. She also connects with the community by involving non-profits and high schools in programs at Ms. Green is a proud University Innovation Fellow (UIF) and she collaborates with other fellows to be change agents on campus.
Ms. Green earned her Master’s Degree in Science Management from the UW-Milwaukee Lubar School of Business. She earned her Bachelor of Fine Arts at UW-Milwaukee Peck School of the Arts in Design and Visual Communication. Ms. Green has trained at the Stanford University Hasso Plattner d.school through their Teaching and Learning Studio as well as Google and Microsoft with the program. Prior to joining the Foundation, Ms. Green was the Design Strategist at Translator Design Agency and Program Manager for UWM’s Student Startup Challenge.
Ms. Green makes a heartfelt speech at the most recent University Innovation Fellows meetup in Silicon Valley.
Ms. Green (right) poses with Student Startup Challenge Team, Untangle, at the Innovation Expo.
Ms. Green invites students to stop by the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center's booth at the Involvement Fair.
Ms. Gribble recently earned her B.B.A., in Marketing from Marquette University.
An engineering professor wanted to test out his design for a better concrete fastener. An entrepreneur had an idea for a new product that she wanted to present to investors. team came up with a concept for a device that would make the use of a router — a tool used for carving grooves in wood — cleaner and more efficient.
Ilya Avdeev has been named director of innovation at the new Lubar Entrepreneurship Center. In this role, Avdeev — an associate professor of mechanical engineering who has been instrumental in fostering entrepreneurship at — will lead program development and partnership cultivation.
has become an academic partner in a National Science center that’s developing improvements in how Americans will access energy in the near future. It could even lead to lower energy bills.
The University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee’s (UWM) Lubar Entrepreneurship Center and the Shorewood School District have announced a new Teaching Fellows partnership to cultivate Authentic Learning in grades 7-12.  The new Fellows program, supported by a grant from the Shorewood Foundation, will tap into UWM’s expertise and provide professional development for Shorewood teachers as they build new and innovative educational opportunities for students.
On this week’s program, a discussion of the critical need for innovation and entrepreneurship in Milwaukee and the region. WUWM’s Dave Edwards talks with UW-Milwaukee Chancellor Mark Mone; Julia Taylor, president of the Greater Milwaukee Committee; and Sheldon Lubar. Mr. Lubar and his family donated $10 million to to establish the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center.
University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Chancellor Mark Mone announced a $1.7 million gift from Rockwell Automation to support a new Connected Systems Institute at The institute will be the first of its kind in the state.
If you sense that something is stirring or hear a buzz, it might just be the sound of Milwaukee’s high-tech community building the for a new entrepreneurial economy. In the past several years, an outcropping of high-tech entrepreneurs has emerged here, universities have gone all out to teach entrepreneurial skills, and established companies are on board to support this emerging startup ecosystem. But perceptions change slowly, as the underlying reality shifts.
The work of some students is literally helping make people’s lives better. The students in UWM’s App Brewery worked with doctors at the Medical College of Wisconsin to develop an app that helps guide doctors during the delicate process of brain surgery. Incredibly, patients are awake during the surgery. The app, called NeuroMapper, is a tablet-based tool that aids surgeons who are removing a tumor or tissue by helping them test whether they are encroaching on tissue that would impair functions if removed.
Amid a shower of confetti and streamers, Chancellor Mark Mone on Monday announced the goal of the university’s comprehensive fundraising campaign: $200 million. That’s double the goal of the last campaign, which concluded in 2008 with $125 million, $25 million more than its initial target.
The works to develop strategic partnerships with companies in the Milwaukee region and beyond by helping provide companies with a pipeline of talent, access to technology developed at UWM, and collaborative relationships with researchers in basic and applied research. In partnership with the Office of Sponsored Programs , the can develop confidentiality agreements, material transfer agreements, and sponsored agreements that make corporate partnerships possible.
Brian Kost (left), general manager of imaging subsystems and engineering at Healthcare, collaborates with Professor of Electrical Engineering, Dr. Jun Zhang to create more efficient and higher quality imaging equipment.
As the first Johnson Controls Endowed Chair, Professor Deyang Qu leads the collaborations between University of Wisconsin and Johnson Controls partnering for the aligned and targeted to improve and develop the next generation of car batteries.
The Lubar Entrepreneurship Center is a resource for the community offering connections to UWM’s programs in innovation and entrepreneurship. The Center also draws on expertise from the region to further these goals.
Scale Up Milwaukee and the Scalerator program are fostering development of our economy and helping existing companies grow. The program is targeted at companies with $1 to $10 million in revenue and delivers focused content on finding customers, growing capacity and managing cash flow.  The Lubar Entrepreneurship Center and will support the Scalerator program working in conjunction with the Lubar School of Business.
BizStarts has selected the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center as the home for the Bizstarts Entrepreneurial Hall of Fame which will help BizStarts and recognize and celebrate the accomplishments of Milwaukee entrepreneurs.
The Commons is a collaboration among 24 institutions including students participate in the Commons, and they benefit from the broader and growing entrepreneurship community.
WERCBench and the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center have partnered to deliver I-Corps curriculum in Lean Launch and customer discovery as part of the Midwest Energy Consortium (MWERC) WERCBench Accelerator program.
Shorewood Schools and the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center have teamed up to use design thinking and other approaches to help Shorewood strengthen and enhance “authentic learning” experiences for their students.
School District of New Berlin and the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center partnered to create a new entrepreneurship course, Advanced Innovation and Design (Iaid) modeled on the Innovation and Commercialization Class (an Ideas Challenge Course taught in the College of Engineering and Applied Science). Students who complete the class can receive credit when they enroll.
The Lubar Entrepreneurship Center
The Lubar Entrepreneurship Center will be housed in a new 24,000 sq. ft. facility at a central location on the campus.  This prominent location and the co-location of the Campus Welcome Center with the Lubar Entrepreneurship Center will send a powerful message about the importance of entrepreneurship to The Center will provide a home for student entrepreneurs, faculty, community business partners and others to work on building new enterprises.