Veeco’s proven metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD), molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) lithography, laser spike annealing, ion beam, single wafer etch and clean technologies play an integral role in producing LEDs for solid-state lighting and displays and in the fabrication of power electronics, photonics, optics and advanced semiconductor devices. The company also offers solutions to the semiconductor wafer inspection market that leverages proprietary coherent gradient sensing (CGS) technology, and provides atomic layer deposition (ALD) tools to leading research organizations.
Decades of expertise growing, depositing, etching and thin film technologies is our core competency.
Innovator in advanced packaging lithography and laser annealing for advanced semiconductor devices
Our Technology Makes a Difference
Cutting-edge systems and components support energy efficiency, mobility, consumer electronics, and network storage applications
Our process equipment enables the manufacture of LEDs, power electronics, advanced packaging, MEMS, wireless chips, semiconductor devices and optical system components.
We are the Industry Leader
Our R&Is Best-in-Class
provides process equipment solutions that drive tomorrow’s technology breakthroughs today.
More Productive, Cleaner and Sustainable World
We help customers make products for a more productive world and a cleaner and sustainable environment.
We are a dynamic, innovative and high-growth company recognized as the best in the markets we serve.
Leading Provider of Semiconductor Manufacturing Services Selects Veeco's AP300 to Support Aggressive Advanced Packaging Expansion
G&Completes Installation of Veeco's Ion Beam Sputtering System for Advanced Optical Coating Capabilities
and Allos Technical Collaboration Accelerates the Pace for 200 GaN-on-Silicon MicroApplications for Leading Global Customers
Leading Quantum Research Institute Selects Veeco's GENxplor R&System for Research on 2Materials
GEN10 Automated Cluster System Wins Max Planck Institute Tender, Supporting Research of Oxide-Nitride Layer Structures
Leading Memory Chip Manufacturer Purchases Multiple AP300 Lithography Systems for Interconnect Applications
Edmund Optics Enhances Optical Coating Competency with Ion Beam Sputtering System
International Electron Devices Meeting (IEDM)
Your First Step to a Brighter Future
Every day, employees are hard at work discovering new technologies to enable a brighter, smarter and more innovative world.  If you look close enough, you’ll see our impact: lights illuminating streets, homes, and your flat screen television; microchips and sensors in smart phones and other devices that keep you connected; digital storage where your most precious moments and important files are saved; power devices that allow your car and appliances to operate more efficiently; and solar panels powering towns that make our world more sustainable.
Perhaps you never heard of before, but our technology is all around you…  
Simply put, we build best-in-class capital equipment (large machines) that our customers (many of them, leading technology companies and prestigious research centers and universities) rely on to support the critical steps in their manufacturing processes of high quality products.  
Does working for the market leader, alongside the best talent in the industry, and driving tomorrow’s technology breakthroughs today sound appealing to you? 
is an Equal opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
is a government contractor subject to Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and Section 4212 of the Vietnam Era Veteran's Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (VEVRAA). Under these laws, we have developed an affirmative action program for individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. This program sets forth the Organization's policy to employ qualified persons without discrimination against any employee or applicant for employment because of a disability or protected veteran status and to take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities and protected veterans. Portions of the Section 503 and affirmative action program are available for review by applicants and employees in the Human Resources Office during the hours of 8:30 to 5:00 on Monday through Friday.
Detailed explanation of the is the Law Poster (English)
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision
To all recruitment agencies: does not accept unsolicited agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. If your firm is interested in becoming a recruiting partner, please send information to 
Vacuum Electronic Equipment Co., was founded specializing in leak detector equipment.
Veeco’s then-Edward Braun, together with a group of senior executives, led a management buy-out to create a new equipment company for the semiconductor and data storage industries. Mr. Braun was named CEO.
completed an Initial Public Offering on the stock market. At the time, Veeco’s sales were approximately $30 million.
purchased Ion Tech, Inc. and entered into the optical coating market.
purchased Applied EPI, its present-day Molecular Beam Epitaxy group in St. Paul, MN.
purchased Emcore in Somerset, NJ, paving the way for its leading Metal Organic Chemical Vapor Deposition System business for the market.
John Peeler named and steered towards accelerated product development, a flexible operations strategy, and high growth markets.
launched multiple industry-changing system innovations including GEN10™ and GEN2000™ systems and TurboDisc® K465i™ System. sold its metrology business to focus exclusively on Process Equipment.
introduced NEXUS® DLC-X™ and Optium® ADS-800™ for data storage and TurboDisc MaxBright™ Multi-Reactor system. became the #1 provider of systems, critical to making LEDs.
launched GENxplor™ R&System, the industry’s first fully integrated system.
launched two systems:  The TurboDisc EPIK700 GaSystem to accelerate adoption of solid-state lighting and the Propel™ PowerGaN™ Gasystem to enable transition from R&to production of highly-efficient Gapower electronic devices.
purchased Solid State Equipment (SSEC) to extend its footprint into high growth markets; renamed to (PSP) business unit.
shipped its 50th 700 reactor in less than one year and received multiple orders from a leading foundry in Asia for its (PSP) WaferStorm™ System. 
launched the TurboDisc K475i™ As/System for the production of red, orange, yellow (R/O/Y) light emitting diodes (LEDs), as well as multi-junction III-solar cells, laser diodes and transistors. 
GENxplor System recorded the largest tool installed base surpassing the competition among R&universities worldwide.
consolidated its New York (Plainview, Kingston and Poughkeepsie) manufacturing operations into one facility in Somerset, New Jersey to improve operational efficiency and meet customer needs.
acquired Ultratech, Inc, a recognized leader of lithography products for Advanced Packaging applications and for LEDs and is a pioneer for laser spike anneal technology used for production of semiconductor devices.
At Veeco, we earn the trust of our customers through systematic continual improvement. Every employee is responsible for taking action to achieve the highest quality in our products and services, to meet or exceed our customers’ requirements and expectations.
Achieving exceptional quality and customer satisfaction is driven by three key strategies:
Use of Design For Reliability (DFR) principles and practices to ensure robustness of design and minimize risk of failure
Establishing a culture that drives continuous improvement of the quality of products, services and support
Close customer engagement to ensure we meet or exceed expectations 
William Miller, Ph.is Chief Executive Officer of Veeco. He served as the company’s president since January 2016 and previously held executive level roles leading strategic growth initiatives for Veeco’s etch and deposition product lines, and data storage businesses, as well as engineering and global operations.  
Before joining Veeco, Dr. Miller worked for Advanced Energy and Exxon in a range of engineering and operations leadership positions.
Dr. Miller holds a Bachelor of Science in Engineering, Master of Science in Engineering and Doctor of Philosophy in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania.
Shubham Maheshwari - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
Shubham (Sam) Maheshwari is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Veeco, overseeing quality, customer satisfaction, business process improvement, legal, finance, investor relations, supply chain and facilities. 
Before joining in 2014, he served as of OnCore, a global electronics manufacturer, and held a number of senior leadership roles at Spansion and KLA-Tencor. Mr. Maheshwari also serves on the board of Kateeva, Inc.
Monica DeMarco - Vice President, Quality, & Business Excellence
Peo Hansson, Ph.- Senior Vice President/General Manager, Compound Semiconductor
John Kiernan - Senior Vice President, Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer
Scott Kroeger - Vice President/General Manager, Ajit Paranjpe, Ph.- Chief Technology Officer
Greg Robbins - Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Guy Shechter - Vice President and General Manager, Global Service Solutions
Veeco's Systems are on the leading edge of wet advanced packaging, RF, MEMS, flat panel, and compound semiconductor industries.
Minimize spray time and add myriad controls with the highly customizable WaferStorm® platform. This solvent-based platform provides excellent process matching with no cross-contamination. It includes unique soak-and-spray for increased throughput and decreased cost of ownership.
Minimize spray time and add myriad controls with the highly customizable WaferStorm® platform. This solvent-based platform provides excellent process matching with no cross-contamination. It includes unique soak-and-spray for increased throughput and decreased cost of ownership.
Photoresist and Dry Film Resist Strip - WaferStorm Platform
Minimize spray time and add myriad controls with the highly customizable WaferStorm® platform. This solvent-based platform provides excellent process matching with no cross-contamination. It includes unique soak-and-spray for increased throughput and decreased cost of ownership.
Minimize spray time and add myriad controls with the highly customizable WaferStorm® platform. This solvent-based platform provides excellent process matching with no cross-contamination. It includes unique soak-and-spray for increased throughput and decreased cost of ownership.
Reveal and Wafer Thinning - WaferEtch Platform
Achieve high-quality seal cosmetics with minimal heat injection of sensitive parts using the precise, high-yield hermetic package sealing process of the M2400e Parallel Seam Sealer. This modular design is all under the control of a single Windows®-driven to achieve the highest sealing yields.
