Welcome to Vindicoat
Vindicoat is a team of experts whose focus is to license and commercialize a chemical surface treatment which enables nano molecular bonding between metals (Aluminum, Titanium, and Stainless Steel) and epoxy. The resulting treated metal yields a 5x adhesion increase, is corrosion proof and eliminates the need for costly surface abrasion. Metal to Polymer shearing, corrosion, and abrasion are all costly multi-industry, multinational problems which Vindicoat solves with conversion coating technology.
Why Vindicoat
Eliminates Abrasion +
Depending on the scale of economy, the cost in chemicals will range from $0.05 - $0.10 per square inch.
Vindicoat’s process improves the binding between metal surfaces and composite materials to reduce delimitation, the separation of the resin/fiber composite from the metal support. It is a unique method of “pre-treating” metal surfaces to enhance the bonding performance of adhesives, paints and other coatings. Think of it as the perfect primer.
Vindicoat, was formed in Alvin, Texas, in October 2014. The company’s Intellectual Property (IP) process is based on a chemical surface treatment which enables nano molecular bonding between metals and epoxy. Vindicoat owns the domestic on the Surface Treatment process and seeks to license this to the key industries known for early adoption. Aerospace composites and fastening markets have proved especially receptive to technical solutions we provide.
President & CEO
Metal to Polymer shearing is a multi-industry problem which Vindicoat solves by using conversion coating. Vindicoat's solutions are improving the Adhesive, Aerospace, Aluminum Producing, Automotive Manufacturing, and Oil & Gas industries for the better.Meet the Team
Christopher Harris, President and CEO, provides strategic leadership guiding the direction and growth of Vindicoat. His focus is to develop market driven solutions by integrating conceptual ideas and technology. Chris possesses a degree in Laser-electro Optics and has a number of academic achievements, most notably at Rice University's Carbon NanoLaboratory and the Advanced Development Center.
Beau Carpenter’s responsibilities as Chief Financial Officer includes revenue generation, identifying market opportunities for developing technologies and managing the Sales & Marketing pipeline. Professionally he has focused on acquisitions for the last few years, specifically on preparing financial and corporate analytics for acquisition/Prior employers include IBM/SoftLayer, KinderMorgan, Organic Fuels, UTC, NASA-Bastion Technologies, Rice University's Center for NanoScale Science & Technology, Air Force, and Marines. He received his from UHCL, and from Rice University. He is a former Marine with a letter of recommendation from Nobel Laureate, Richard Smalley.
Sean Walsh, Ph.
Sean Walsh, Ph.D., Chief Science Officer, oversees the daily operations of the laboratory at Vindicoat, providing leadership and guidance on various projects. His research is in the fields of surface/interface chemistry, molecular electronics and the synthesis of nano-particles. He received his in Chemistry from the University of Notre Dame in 2007, and in 2012 her received his Ph.in Chemistry from Rice University.Meet the Team
Christopher Harris, President and CEO, provides strategic leadership guiding the direction and growth of Vindicoat. His focus is to develop market driven solutions by integrating conceptual ideas and technology. Chris possesses a degree in Laser-electro Optics and has a number of academic achievements, most notably at Rice University's Carbon NanoLaboratory and the Advanced Development Center.
Beau Carpenter’s responsibilities as Chief Financial Officer includes revenue generation, identifying market opportunities for developing technologies and managing the Sales & Marketing pipeline. Professionally he has focused on acquisitions for the last few years, specifically on preparing financial and corporate analytics for acquisition/Prior employers include IBM/SoftLayer, KinderMorgan, Organic Fuels, UTC, NASA-Bastion Technologies, Rice University's Center for NanoScale Science & Technology, Air Force, and Marines. He received his from UHCL, and from Rice University. He is a former Marine with a letter of recommendation from Nobel Laureate, Richard Smalley.
Sean Walsh, Ph.
Sean Walsh, Ph.D., Chief Science Officer, oversees the daily operations of the laboratory at Vindicoat, providing leadership and guidance on various projects. His research is in the fields of surface/interface chemistry, molecular electronics and the synthesis of nano-particles. He received his in Chemistry from the University of Notre Dame in 2007, and in 2012 her received his Ph.in Chemistry from Rice University.