The future of clothing just got greener.
All the Versatility of Traditional Polyester. None of the Fossil Fuels.
Creating drop-in fuels and chemicals from plants today.
Making 100% plant-based 
Flexibility to convert local feedstocks anywhere in the world.
plant-based jet fuel.
Using plants to recreate 90% of the barrel today.
100% plant-based diesel.
 technology is the sustainable and economical drop-in replacement for crude oil.
 process is feedstock flexible, enabling the use of a wide variety of plant sugars to meet customers' fuel or chemical needs.
Our products represent the full spectrum of crude oil replacement. Petroleum-based fuels and chemicals can now be sourced from plants.
Backed, tested and validated by world-class partners like Cargill, Coca-Cola, Honda, and Shell we're collaborating daily to put our products into action.
©2019 Virent, Inc.is replacing crude oil. Our company creates the chemicals and fuels the world demands from a wide range of naturally occurring, renewable resources. Using patented catalytic chemistry, converts soluble biomass-derived sugars into products molecularly identical to those made with petroleum, including gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and chemicals used for plastics and fibers. has key strategic relationships in place with Andeavor, Royal Dutch Shell, Cargill, Honda and The Coca-Cola Company to add the vital resources and expertise required to accelerate commercialization of its technology.
has received numerous honors , including the World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer award, the Innovation Award, the Wisconsin Companies to Watch Award, the Red Herring Top 100 North America Award and the EPA’s Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Award.
By replacing crude oil, is creating economic security, energy independence and a healthier world.Menu
has an excellent track record of attracting and maintaining mutually-beneficial partnerships with world-class companies and federal agencies. Our philosophy has always been to focus on our core competencies, while selecting partners up and down the supply chain to assist us in doing innovative research designed to develop the highest quality products at the lowest cost.
Read about our corporate partners.
Read about our government partners.
has a track record of establishing and maintaining long-term partnerships with industry leaders.  In July 2016 the company established a Consortium for the scale-up and commercialization of Virent’s BioForming technology to produce bio-fuels and bio-paraxylene for the production of bio-polyester.  Andeavor, Johnson Matthey, Toray and Coca-Cola joined as founding Consortium members.  In September 2016, was acquired by Andeavor ( formerly Tesoro ), a premier marketing, logistics and refining company in the United States. Andeavor’s primary interest in is to use Virent’s BioForming® technology to produce ‘drop-in’ bio-fuels and chemicals.  In addition, has a 10 year relationship with Shell, and continues to support Shell’s efforts on fuels commercialization utilizing Virent’s technology.
Andeavor is a premier, highly integrated marketing, logistics and refining company with headquarters in San Antonio, and operations extending across 18 states.  Andeavor’s retail-marketing system includes approximately 3,300 stores marketed under multiple well-known fuel brands.  The company has an extensive logistics network, and operate 10 refineries with a combined capacity of approximately 1.2 million barrels per day in the mid-continent and western United States.
Johnson Matthey (JM) is a global specialty chemicals company underpinned by science, technology and its people. leader in sustainable technologies, many of the group’s products enhance the quality of life of millions through their beneficial impact on the environment, human health and wellbeing.  Its products and services are sold across the world to a wide range of advanced technology industries.  is Virent’s technology and engineering partner in the Consortium, providing support to the engineering and catalyst work needed for a first plant project.
Toray Industries is a Japan-based integrated chemical group with global operations and strong businesses in polyester fibers and textiles, plastics and chemicals, carbon fiber composite materials, life sciences, environment and engineering.  Toray’s corporate strategy includes a focus on sustainability and the development of lower carbon footprint products.  Toray has a strong existing business in polyester fibers, textiles and films and currently produces a 30% partial bio-polyester fiber.  Toray’s interest in the Consortium is access to bio-paraxylene to enable production of 100% bio-polyester fibers and fabric.
Each member in the Consortium provides a unique contribution and will receive specific benefits. The Consortium members are working collectively to determine the appropriate scale-up strategy for a first plant using sugars feedstock.  The Consortium is also open to new members with complementary interests to the existing members.
In addition to the Consortium members, maintains strong relationships with other leading industrial companies, one of which is Shell.
Shell was an early collaborator and investor in Virent.  Since 2007, and Shell have worked together on various technology development efforts, including the construction and early operation of Virent’s Eagle demonstration plant, and the testing and certification of Virent’s bio-gasoline.   Shell is a licensee of Virent’s biofuels process, and continues to collaborate with on jet fuel testing and certification.
Read Biorefining Magazine’s Comments on the Virent-Shell Partnership .
Is your company interested in collaborating with Virent?The United States Navy – Office of Naval Research
Virent’s first grant with the Office of Naval Research was titled “Hydrogen Generation via Aqueous-Phase Reforming for Power Generation.” The award supported Virent’s conversion of ethylene glycol and other like products to a hydrogen-rich gas stream. The company’s second Navy award was titled “The Development of an Integrated H2 Production System.” This project was completed in 2010 and resulted in the development and demonstration of an integrated hydrogen production system for converting crude glycol streams to purified hydrogen.
The United States Department of Agriculture
received its first grant under the Biomass Research and Development Initiative. The Grant provided research funding to to support the development of a catalytic process for the conversion of glycerol into propylene glycol. This project was completed in 2010.
The United States Department of Energy
In 2011 received its largest federal award to date from the DOE, which will support the conversion of corn stover to jet fuel. Virent’s first grant was titled “Hydrogen Generation from Biomass-Derived Carbohydrates via the Aqueous-Phase Carbohydrate Reforming (APR) Processes.” The award provided research funding to the company to demonstrate the feasibility of generating high yields of hydrogen from plant-based sugars. The project was completed in 2008 and resulted in advancing the hydrogen production platform with increased efficiency and reduced costs.
Virent’s most recent grant was titled “Catalytic Biomass Depolymerization — Novel Approach to Platform Intermediates for Biorefineries.” This second grant was completed in 2010 and provided research funding to to develop catalytic technologies to convert biomass to intermediate compounds useful in the company’s biomass to liquid fuels technology. Virent’s first grant was titled “Small-Scale Hydrogen Generation via Aqueous-Phase Carbohydrate Reforming.” The grant provided research funding to the company to support the development of small-scale hydrogen generation systems using aqueous phase reforming.
is participating in the National Advanced Biofuels Consortium (NABC), funded under a grant. was awarded $2.4 million as part of the total $33.8 million grant. The award funds Virent’s investigations of pretreatment strategies for releasing biomass sugars in a manner conducive to Virent, improved catalysts for the conversion of biomass-derived sugars to hydrocarbons, and early engineering design work for a complete biomass to biogasoline process.
is partnered with CleanTech through a grant from BIRD, the Israel-Binational Industrial Research and Development Foundation. The award funds CleanTech’s creation of biomass sugars from North Carolina loblolly pine using their two-step concentrated HCl hydrolysis and solvent extraction process. then optimizes conversion of the biomass sugars to gasoline/aromatics.
is a partner of Virent’s work within the National Advanced Biofuels Consortium project where we are researching pretreatment strategies for releasing biomass sugars, improving catalysts for the conversion of biomass-derived sugars to hydrocarbons, and doing engineering design work for a complete biomass-to-biogasoline process. is in constant communication with and appreciates their impressive “wraparound support” including strong analytical capabilities and techno-economic analyses. is also providing deconstructed corn stover to for the conversion to jet fuel under a separate award grant.
is a sponsor of Virent’s work dating back to our early research in Hydrogen. We will be working more closely with in Phase 2 of the project, leveraging their impressive analytic and laboratory capabilities, in addition to their catalyst and materials development expertise. PNNL’s high throughput screening has been instrumental in Virent’s catalyst optimization and analysis processes.
is the DOE’s leading resource focused on the growth, harvest, and logistics of biomass feedstock. is providing corn stover (to NREL) for Virent’s award targeting the production of quality jet fuel.
The is working with to advance commercialization of plant-base jet fuel. Through a joint FAA/grant, will complete development and analysis of jet fuel with the aim of meeting the requirements of the American Society for Testing and Materials.
Is your government agency interested in learning more about Virent?