							takes environmental responsibility seriously. We not only comply with local and Federal environmental regulations, we also monitor new developments in global... 
							and have a tradition of recognizing noteworthy performance in support of organizational goals, and openly commending outstanding team and individual accomplishments... 
							believes that safety and health management is an important part of the company's commitment to take care of employees and their families. To this end, we are... 
							treats suppliers as partners, and works to build a sustainable supply chain. We partner with suppliers to avoid bringing undesirable or prohibited substances into our... 
					Our vision is to be the trusted manufacturer for customers and grow as a company, creating long term strategic value for TSMC... 
Online information and transaction for our customers.
conducts regular business review meetings with key suppliers' senior managers to review performance, including quality, delivery and sustainability performance. Our (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Service and Sustainability) rating process allows us to assess whether suppliers comply with requirements.
encourages its suppliers to be certificated for 14001. In addition, Quality & Purchasing conduct site audits on key suppliers to assess whether factories have high environmental and safety standards and controls.
Supply chain risk management is a key component of WaferTech's competitiveness. In a globalized world, any major natural disasters or accidents around the world could potentially affect us. We pay close attention to supply chain risk and if necessary, take the initiative to help suppliers and provide related technical assistance to reduce manufacturing interruptions.
Geographical risk : When a major accident or natural disaster occurs around the world, we can immediately start business continuity plans and take the initiative to provide our supply partners with resources needed to resume production.
Transportation risk : We require our suppliers to manage the quality of their transportation or logistic services and vehicles.
Business continuity plan : requires our suppliers to establish their own business continuity plans for a variety of natural or man-made threats. Appropriate plans, procedures and actions and periodic drills are required to address continuous operations and the impact natural or man-made disasters might otherwise have.
Join the company with an uncompromising commitment to quality.TSMC-Online™
Founded as a limited liability company in June 1996, was the first dedicated semiconductor contract manufacturer, also known as a pure-play foundry, in the United States. is located on 260 acres in Camas, Washington, 30 minutes outside of Portland, Oregon, in the Pacific Northwest’s Silicon Forest. The company’s 1-million-square-foot fabrication complex includes approximately 130,000 square feet of clean room space. is proud to be a part of TSMC’s family of fabs which comprise the world’s largest dedicated semiconductor foundry operation and provides the industry’s leading process technology, library and options and other leading-edge foundry services, such as mask making and packaging and testing.
							Our vision is to be the most advanced, innovative, and largest provider of foundry services, and in partnership with our customers... 
							It's one thing to list our core values, but it's yet another to support them. Integrity, Customer Partnership, Innovation, and Commitment, really are at the core of everything we do... 
							is committed to delivering the highest quality semiconductor foundry services to our customers through continuous improvement in yield, cycle time, and on-time delivery... 
					Based in Camas, Washington, WaferTech, is a wholly-own subsidiary of and is one of six manufacturing sites located around the world... 
Online information and transaction for our customers.
Integrity is our most basic and most important core value. We tell the truth. We believe that the record of our accomplishments is the best proof of our merit. Hence, we do not brag. We do not make commitments lightly. Once we make a commitment, we devote ourselves completely to meeting that commitment. We compete to our fullest within the law, but we do not slander our competitors, and we respect the intellectual property rights of others. With vendors, we maintain an objective, consistent, and impartial attitude. We do not tolerate any form of corrupt behavior or politicking. When selecting new employees, we place emphasis on the candidates' qualifications and character, not connections or access.
is committed to the welfare of customers, suppliers, employees, shareholders, and society. These stakeholders all contribute to TSMC's success, and is dedicated to serving their best interests. In return, hopes all of these stakeholders will make a mutual commitment to the Company.
Innovation is the wellspring of TSMC's growth, and is a part of all aspects of our business, from strategic planning, marketing and management, to technology and manufacturing. At TSMC, innovation means more than new ideas; it means putting ideas into practice.
At TSMC, customers come first. Their success is our success, and we value their ability to compete as we value our own. We strive to build deep and enduring relationships with our customers, who trust and rely on us to be part of their success over the long term.
We tell the truth.
We believe that the record of our achievements is the best proof of our merit. Hence, we do not brag or boast.
We do not make commitments lightly. Therefore, once we make a commitment, we devote ourselves completely to meeting that commitment.
With competitors, we compete to our fullest within the limits of the law, but we do not slander them in order to gain benefit for ourselves. We also respect intellectual property rights of others.
With vendors, we maintain an objective, consistent, and impartial attitude.
We do not tolerate any form of corrupt behavior or politicking. At TSMC, company politics are forbidden. When selecting new employees, we place emphasis on the candidates' qualifications and character, not connections or "guan-xi".
We must focus on our business at all times, which is dedicated foundry, and not distract ourselves with other pursuits.
Our target is and always has been the global market. We do not limit ourselves to Taiwan or any other specific geographical region. We recognize that the semiconductor business has no national boundaries, and that to be competitive anywhere we must be competitive worldwide.
Long-term Vision and Strategies
An enterprise whose success endures is much like a successful marathon runner, whose skills and objectives are quite different from a short-distance sprinter. We truly believe that a person or company that does not plan carefully for the future will soon have problems in the present. We are confident that if we do a good job of long term planning and execution, we will greatly reduce the need for crisis management.
Since the company was founded, we have treated our customers as partners and have never competed against them. This policy is the key to our current success, and is crucial to our continued growth. At TSMC, customers come first. Their success is our success, and we value their ability to compete as we value our own.
Building Quality into all Aspects of our Business
Every employee is responsible for providing the highest quality service. To achieve this, each person continuously evaluates and improves the quality of his or her own work. Our greatest goal is to achieve and maintain complete customer satisfaction.
Innovation is the wellspring of TSMC's growth. It is vital to all sectors of our business, from strategic planning, marketing, and management, to technology and production.
For most people who work at TSMC, participating in a challenging and enjoyable work environment full of opportunities to learn new skills is even more important than monetary rewards. To retain talented people who share our goals and interests, we work hard to foster a dynamic and enjoyable work environment.
has implemented an open-style management system designed to keep all lines of communication open. Employees openly cooperate with one another, while treating each other with honesty and sincerity. Everyone welcomes constructive criticism and is willing to seek improvement. This management style allows all opinions to be expressed before a final decision is made. Once a decision is made, everyone works together to achieve the set goal.
Caring for Employees and Shareholders, and Being a Good Corporate Citizen
Employees and shareholders both are important constituents of our company. Our goal is to provide salary and benefits packages for employees that are above the industry average. also aims to earn a return on investment for shareholders above the industry average. We clearly understand that the success of our company depends greatly on the well-being of society and the environment where the company is established. Therefore, it is essential that we give back to society consistently,  within our means, and serve as a model corporate citizen.
Join the company with an uncompromising commitment to quality.TSMC-Online™
Our vision is to be the most advanced and largest technology and foundry services provider to fabless companies and IDMs and in partnership with them, to forge a powerful competitive force in the semiconductor industry.
Our mission is to be the trusted manufacturer for customers and grow our business in specialty technology.
					Based in Camas, Washington, WaferTech, is a wholly-own subsidiary of and is one of six manufacturing sites located around the world... 
Online information and transaction for our customers.
We will strive to provide excellent semiconductor manufacturing services for worldwide customers and establish mutually beneficial, long-term partnership.
We will spread dedication to quality to every facet of the company and achieve a culture of continuous improvement to assure customer satisfaction. There is only one ultimate goal: Zero defect - in everything we do.
We will adopt expedient containment programs to shield our customers from any defects until each has been eliminated. We all share the responsibilities to achieve this goal.
					Based in Camas, Washington, WaferTech, is a wholly-own subsidiary of and is one of six manufacturing sites located around the world... 
Online information and transaction for our customers.
Ltd. and its subsidiaries, including (TSMC_F11) is committed to ensuring that working conditions in its supply chains are safe, that workers are treated with respect and dignity, and that business operations are environmentally responsible and conducted ethically. To this end, TSMC_F11 established this Supplier Code of Conduct ( “Code”) and requires our suppliers to operate in accordance with the principles outlined in this Code and in full compliance with the laws, rules and regulations of the countries in which they operate. In addition, TSMC_F11 also expects our suppliers to hold their suppliers, contractors, and service providers to the standards defined in this Code.
TSMC_F11 will assess its suppliers’ compliance with this Code when making purchasing decisions. It is our intention to collaborate closely with our suppliers to drive continuous improvement through communication, audits, and follow-up assessments. However, failure to comply with this Code or cooperate with our auditors may result in termination of business relationship.
The provisions in this Code are derived from the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) Code of Conduct and are in alignment with the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, as well as key international human rights standards including the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Code is made up of five sections. Sections A, B, and outline standards for Labor, Health and Safety, and the Environment, respectively. Section adds standards relating to business ethics; Section outlines the elements of an acceptable system to manage conformity to this Code. In relation to Section and considering that Integrity is the most important core value of TSMC_F11, suppliers are reminded to:
Falsify records or misrepresent conditions or practices in the supply chain.
The full copy of the Code can be downloaded here .
Rules for Managing Interaction between TSMC_F11 and Sales Personnel
The “Rules for Managing Business Interaction with Vendor” was implemented by TSMC_F11 for the purpose of ensuring the proper division of labor within TSMC_F11 and avoiding unnecessary conflict and dispute of commercial interests. When sales personnel of supplier engages in business interaction with TSMC_F11, in principal he or she should interact with TSMC_F11's procurement personnel. If there is a need to interact with non-procurement personnel, the following rules shall be followed:
Sales personnel shall not make contact with TSMC_F11 non-procurement personnel without TSMC_F11 Procurement's knowledge, arrangement, or participation. In particular, sales personnel of supplier shall not discuss or negotiate with non-procurement personnel on matters relating to commercial clauses, including but not limited to: the decision to purchase, price, payment term, delivery date, incentive, compensation, free items, testing or services.
Join the company with an uncompromising commitment to quality.TSMC-Online™
Life at Looking for an Opportunity?
					Human capital is one of the invaluable assets that support our business success. is committed to shaping a corporate culture that embraces innovation and diversity... 
Online information and transaction for our customers.
Based in Camas, Washington,  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of and is one of six manufacturing sites located around the world. was founded in 1987 and created the dedicated foundry model. Today, is the foundry leader in manufacturing capacity, process technology, and customer service. 
strives to provide the same technology, manufacturing service and quality performance as other 8 Inch fabrication facilities located elsewhere. designates as Fab11 and its employees are dedicated to serving the interests of and its world-wide customers. 
					is committed to delivering the highest quality semiconductor foundry services to our customers through continuous improvement in yield, cycle time, and on-time delivery... 
Online information and transaction for our customers.
