Live in the Capital of the World®
Thinking of relocating to or have you just moved here? Warsaw, Indiana and the surrounding region have a to offer. While is a small town in north-central Indiana, it is centrally located between several larger metropolitan areas, and offers many big city amenities along with its small town charm. Residents enjoy affordable living, excellent schools and many other assets one would not expect from a Midwestern city of around 15,000 people. To learn more about what it’s like to live in Warsaw, Indiana, visit:
Work in the Capital of the World®
Warsaw, Indiana is best known as The Capital of the World®, but it also offers a wide array of employment opportunities for individuals of all skill levels. Kosciusko County offers positions in the agribusiness and automotive industries, in addition to the high-tech medical device companies that are headquartered here. To learn more about what it’s like to work in Warsaw, Indiana, visit:
Play in the Capital of the World®
Whether you enjoy indoor or outdoor recreation, Warsaw, Indiana has something for you. We have miles of bike and pedestrian trails, three lakes, world-class dining and a professional theatre in the round – and that is just within the city limits of and Winona Lake! Our region has abundant recreational assets that people of all ages and interests can enjoy. To learn more about what it’s like to play in Warsaw, Indiana, visit:
BioCrossroads will host their next FrameWorx event, The Power of Regenerative Medicine - scientific view of progress from reprogramming cells… Learn More
Photography courtesy of Al Disbro, Gary Nieter, Scott Michaels,  Teddy Pieper , Chris Sanchez
The site is administered by OrthoWorx, a community-based initiative formed in 2009. It’s part of our Talent Attraction Initiative, focused on building upon, expanding and helping to promote the social, recreational and cultural offerings in the community. Learn more about OrthoWorx by visiting OrthoWorxIndiana.com
Visit the other websites OrthoWorx manages to learn more about our additional initiatives: