To capture the 90 million Gigawatts Renewable available and convert this resource to Electricity to be delivered to consumers the world over.
Designed to Survive
Relying on centuries proven submersible technology, devices are given a fighting chance in large storms.
The (WECCA) is a start-up company located in Potomac, has associates working around the United States, and World, to develop a device that will revolutionize the way humanity collects energy.
Our vision is to develop systems and strategies by which all humanity has the it needs to sustain life.
Key Personnel
CO-Founder, Chairman & CEO
Former NASA, Goddard Physicist turned serial entrepreneur, Brian co-founded Electronic Sales Associates(ESA) in 1965. specialized in sale high-speed computer printers, tape drives, mini computers and digital acquisition systems and had annual sales $7In 1969, and for the next 2 decades, Brian founded Computer Entry Systems (CESC) which designed, manufactured and sold optical character reading (OCR) hardware and software. started with himself and eventually employing more than 1,000 Associates on 5 Continents with over $70in annual sales. Brian Has a knack for entrepreneurship and a passion for developing companies into well respected and highly valuable businesses.
President, Director and Chief Operating Officer
Dan has over 30 years success in the field finance. Mr. Morley was a cofounder Federal Leasing, Inc., Bostionia Federal Leasing, and a Managing Director North America, and an Export – Import Bank certified lessor. Mr. Morley was responsible for the structuring and finance over $610,000,000 capital acquisitions and leases and $460,000,000 aircraft, buildings, information technology and software, medical equipment, and vehicle capital acquisitions and leases. Mr. Morley has served on the Board Directors public and private companies and the Board Trustees several educational institutions.
David Kraemer, Ph.D.
Mechanical Engineer, Senior Lecturer, Johns Hopkins University
Dr. Kraemer holds a Ph. in Civil Engineering from the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, USA, advised by Dr. Michael McCormick, a noted pioneer in the study Conversion. His dissertation was, “Motions Hinged-barge Systems in Regular Seas”. Dr. Kraemer took part with Drs. McCormick and McCabe, both world-renowned ocean authorities, on the that withstood a rigorous nine year test in the Shannon River Estuary.
Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering, Professor, Naval Academy
Dr. Mouring received her Ph.in Civil Engineering from the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore,  Her research includes both structural and model testing. Currently she is performing model testing a 1/25th scale McCabe Pump. 
Joe Newberger
Joe Newberger has 35 years experience in Logistics Technology and Management, working for leading technology companies servicing corporate, military, other government and institutional clients.
Control System Consultant
Educated at Strathclyde University in Scotland, where he was awarded the Phin 1985. He was a Senior Lecturer in the School Electronic Engineering in Dublin City University until 2000, when he was appointed Professor and Head the Dept. Electronic Engineering at Maynooth, serving as Head for a five year term to July 2005. He was a visiting Research Fellow at Massey University in New Zealand in 1991/92 and a visiting Senior Lecturer at the University Auckland in 1999. His research interests focus on the development and application modeling and control systems techniques. John has acted as a control systems consultant to a number companies, both in Ireland and abroad. He is a Fellow the IEE, a Fellow the and a Chartered Engineer. John served as Dean the Engineering at Maynooth from 2001 to 2006.
The (WECCA) is a start-up company located in Potomac, has associates working around the United States, and World, to develop a device that will revolutionize the way humanity collects energy.
The (WECCA) is a start-up company located in Potomac, has associates working around the United States, and World, to develop a device that will revolutionize the way humanity collects energy.
