Patented Technology
Off Grid Technology
Energy Management
Welcome to Patented Technology
In its quest to develop a convenient, affordable, closet light, quickly established a vision that took lighting completely off grid, using battery-powered lights. In the last 8 years, the company has created two successful, innovative product lines that provide light without relying on electrical power and are versatile enough for home or commercial applications.  In addition, two of the latest technologies will be integrated into new product lines launching in 2014-2015.
line of indoor/outdoor, portable light fixtures that can be attached anywhere in minutes without an electrician or wires. Using motion and light sensors, these lights provide light when you need it for better safety and security.  Mr Beams® continues to come out with new products to help consumers light up every dark space they can find.  One of the top selling lighting products on Amazon.com. Surprisingly Bright Light Anywhere!
power outage system that runs on batteries and installs in minutes. The system senses when a power outage strikes and provides hours of light when you need it. ReadyBright was selected as one of Good Housekeeping’s VIPs in 2013.
SwitchSense
Coming in 2015, SwitchSense® is a module that turns luminaires and lamps into power failure lights. SwitchSense modules detect a power outage without wiring to the main power and provide instant power to the light source so your lights aren’t affected by the outage.
NetBright® – Networked Spotlight System.  The technology will enable networked lights to communicate with each other, so when any one light detects motion, all NetBright Lights will activate.  The line will launch with a 200 lumen Outdoor Spotlight, followed by other lights, including Path Lights, to create a variety of battery-operated lights that work in coordination with others in their network.
Visit our Products section to learn more about each of our product lines.
David Levine, President, has successfully launched 28 consumer products from initial development to national retail. Senior Product Manager at Black & Decker and DeWalt from 1995 until 1999, he launched the rotary tool business. In 2000, he co-founded Igo Home Products and launched 11 Kitchen Drawer Power Tools,™ including the first miniature powered screwdriver. In October 2005, David founded Lighting Technologies, (WLT) with Michael Recker and developed eight unique LED-based indoor lights. In October 2006, licensed the product line to a significant manufacturer of and products. David earned an from Harvard Business School and a in History from Washington University.
Michael Recker, Chief Technology Officer, has been designing on the cutting edge of technology for the past 15 years. He worked on a satellite communication platform and a variety of voice over (VoIP) products for Telogy Networks. He was the lead hardware architect on a variety of solutions for the mobile Internet for Ericsson. Michael was the co-founder and President of AirRover Networks, a public Internet service provider. Michael is co-founder and of Lighting Technologies, He earned a Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University and a in from Lafayette College.
brianmac2021About UsIn some applications, an off-grid lighting device has a connection to the grid and can be powered from the grid but also contains an off-grid power source, such as a rechargeable battery inside the light, that allows the lighting device to continue to operate without power from the grid or partially powered from the grid.  In this configuration, intelligence built into the off-grid light can be used for energy management.  There is a potential benefit for an end customer that installs a product that can shift to local power for some period of time to save money or reduce power consumption from the power company.
For example, if a customer pays for electricity on a time of use plan from their power company, a lighting device that stores energy when the electricity rates are low and uses the stored energy when the electricity rates are high may save money on their electric bill by using that stored power intelligently.  In a similar example, a customer can reduce the amount of power it consumes from the power company by using a local power source to power a lighting device helping the power company deal with periods of time when there is a peak in energy consumption that puts a strain on their ability to supply power.
single lighting device may not make an impact in shedding power however when scaled up such that many devices can be installed in an area to create a highly distributed energy storage system, the grid-shifting lighting device can have an impact in reducing demand through peaks in power usage.  Demand response and peak shedding applications are popular to reduce load on an oversubscribed electrical grid.
brianmac2021Energy Management