Enter your email address and we'll email you a link to reset your password.
Custom Fabric Yardage
Frequently-Asked Questions
Turn any design into custom Jacquard-woven
Platform for Custom Woven Textiles
Glyph by NYSometimes
Custom Jacquard by the Yard
Platform for Custom Woven Textiles
Mermaids by Julia Rothman
Custom Jacquard by the Yard
Curious Sound by Nickolas Chelyapov
Create Your Own Woven Fabric
Discover the unique quality of Jacquard-woven fabric. We offer a wide range of 
 to prepare any digital image for weaving. Your design can be up to 10 yards high.
Order your fabric.
We'll weave your design in as little as seven business days (
). Order fabric yardage for upholstery, pillows, bags, and more — or, create a custom throw.
            Create custom, Jacquard-woven fabric, with no minimum order. Our qualities are ideal for upholstery, accessories, and home decor such as pillows, throws, table linens, and more.
            Create a custom woven throw with your own design. Perfect for at home or outdoors.
Enter your email address and we'll email you a link to reset your password.
'Your account has been suspended. Please contact customerservice@wovns.com'
is the first platform of its kind, a San Francisco based textile studio and technology platform, giving designers access to woven textile production.
Working with textile manufacturers, we have developed a patent pending system for jacquard looms that enables textile production in quantities as small as a single yard. Customers simply access our selection of colors and qualities, apply them to their own designs, and submit for purchase / production. In addition, our platform promotes independent designers through the Collection, a curated fabric and product collection that offers royalties to contributors on every yard sold. We proudly offer this collection to the design community.
In the era of digital fabrication platforms, desktop 3printers and milling machines, our goal is to revolutionize textile production, creating access and immediacy for woven textile development. Start bringing your designs to life!
partners, Dena and Chelsea Molnar, each contribute individual perspectives and distinct design experience to the firm’s Design + Technology driven focus. With backgrounds in both the textile and architecture industries, the partners have merged their knowledge of the built environment, interiors market, and fabrication of textiles with the development of new technology.
