Experience the innovative difference of Genuine Supplies.
Experience the innovative difference of Genuine Supplies.
 Flex: The simple way to share everything
Innovation is our lifeblood. See how far we’ve come since xerography’s debut 80 years ago.
Quocirca Positions as a Leader in Managed Print Services
Shop New year, new savings on our best sellers
Shop New year, new savings on our best sellers
First to Receive Security Authorization from Fedfor Cloud-based Managed Print Services
Sustainability: It’s what customers want 
Innovating how the world communicates, connects and works
We outperform our peers in areas such as worker pay and treatment, job creation and community involvement.
See how innovative programs at can help ensure a better world for future generations.
Sustainability: It’s What Customers Want
Sustainability and corporate social responsibility are customer requirements. It’s why is an industry leader.
has designed the company's talent management strategy to differentiate and foster rewarding careers for our employees and to develop the next generation of leaders.
Working at Opportunities for Former Military Personnel at Find opportunities for former military personnel seeking corporate careers. careers allow you to use the skills you've already acquired.
Diversity and inclusion is an essential part of our culture
Environment, Health, Safety, and Sustainability at Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability
Saving energy and protecting our climate are our responsibility and our promise.
At Xerox, sustainability is our way of doing business. We align our goals for the environment, health and safety in five key areas to make an impact across our value chain worldwide. Together with our suppliers, customers and stakeholders, we strive to maintain the highest standards for preserving our environment and protecting and enhancing the health and safety of our employees and communities.
Carbon Footprint Reduction a Priority at We're lowering the carbon footprint of our equipment, meeting Energy Star requirements and lowering greenhouse gas emissions.
Paper and Recycled Paper | Sustainable Cycle at Paper sourcing, paper use, recycled paper and eco friendly paper offerings are designed to preserve forests and the environment.
Clean Air and Clean Water from Clean Manufacturing
Clean manufacturing efforts over the years to remove toxic chemicals result in clean air and clean water in product lifecycles.
Waste management is producing products that use resources efficiently, minimizing waste and recycling what can't be reused.
Minimizing Hazardous Chemicals in Products
minimizes hazardous chemicals in equipment, toner, paper, etc. with strict internal standards and requirements of suppliers.
The health and safety of our people, workplaces, and customers is of paramount importance.
More ways to create a green workplace
Eco-label and Product Registry Programs 
See how we're evolving the workplace, putting customers first, preserving the planet and caring for communities.
We at have been working in the document management industry for over a century. In that time, we've brought you many of the office items you take for granted at work every day.
and Sustainability Policy at Recycle Supplies
Enabling Sustainability for Our Customers and our Operations (PDF)
Displays an image of an envelope.
What Can We Help You With?
Mon. - Thurs. 8am-6pm ET; Fri. 8am-5pm ET
Chat support is available Mon. - Fri. 8am-8:30pm ET
Careers at Submit innovation questions
Learn more about Metered Supplies
Mon. - Fri. Noon-8pm ET
Education And Training For Customers
View additional support options including self-help resources
Mon. - Thurs. 8am-6pm ET; Fri. 8am-5pm ET
Philanthropy at Visit Philanthropy at Public Relations
MySupport is an easy, online portal where you can customize your view of support, meter and supply information for your specific equipment. Tailor the display settings to products you want to see regardless of location. If you already have full-service maintenance or rental/lease agreements with Xerox, you may take advantage of MySupport. 
MySupport gives you free access to:
One-click access to drivers, documentation and our award-winning Support Knowledge Base
Notifications of new drivers, security alerts and other content for the products you care about
Meter read counts and supply usage information reported by your networked devices
Subscriptions to software updates and support bulletins
Place a service call online and check the status of the request
Log in for MySupport ›
Log in for MySupport
Take a tour of MySupport
 Chat support is available Mon. - Fri. 8am-8:30pm 
Ink, toner and more for and other brands
Learn more about Metered Supplies
Get a quote from top Premier Partners
This privacy statement covers the websites and applications of (“Xerox” or “we”) that include a link to this statement. This privacy statement also applies to Xerox’s marketing and advertising practices where and when it is referenced. It is meant to inform you about our collection and use of your personal data.
You may choose to give us personal data to allow us to communicate with you, process your orders, provide you with services, or for employment consideration. Data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Xerox, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you choose. The personal data we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number and other similar contact data in order to communicate with you, process orders or provide you with products or services. We may also collect your employer name, if you are procuring products or services on behalf of an organization, and information related to your prior purchases and online buying preferences. Some forms may ask for your customer number or product details such as a serial number.
Demographic Data. Data about you such as your country of residence and preferred language.
Payment Data. Data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your credit card number and the security code associated with your payment card.
Location Data. We may collect data about your location, which can be either precise or imprecise. Precise location data can be Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) data (e.g. GPS), as well as data identifying nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots, that we collect when you enable location-based products or features. Imprecise location data includes, for example, a location derived from your device or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, such as a city or postal code.
Social Media Data. We may provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by the social networking site. Please review the privacy policies and settings of social networks you use to understand their practices.
Job Applications/CVs/Resumes. Information on job applications/CVs/resumes which you provide to us if you submit a job application to either directly or indirectly. You acknowledge that your application may include sensitive personal data. uses this information in order to evaluate your application and perform related employment activities.
Feedback and Product Reviews. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and product reviews you write, blog posts or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us via our website, a application or a Help Desk, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded. Your feedback, posts and reviews will be used to seek improvements in our products and services.
Website Browsing. Information about your visits to our websites and your browsing patters. This may include data about your device, including Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and regional and language settings. This is more fully described under the section entitled “Cookies, Web Beacons and Privacy Choices” below. We collect this information to determine such things as the number of visitors to various parts of our websites, to personalize your experience on our sites, and tailor our interactions with you.
Products. Certain products collect data, such as product registration, meter reads, supply levels, equipment configuration and settings, software version, and fault codes. uses this information for product improvement, billing, report generation, supplies replenishment and support services.
Third Party Sources. We also obtain data from third-parties. These third-party sources vary over time, but they are sources deemed credible by us and may be publicly available or available on a commercial basis. They can include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;
Social networks when you grant permission to a product to access your data on one or more networks;
Designated entities within your business or enterprise (such as a member of your department) in the course of providing services to you;
Partners with whom we offer branded services or engage in joint marketing activities. If you purchase services or products from a partner we may receive certain information about your purchase from that partner;
Publicly available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.
We collect and process personal data with your consent, as required by law, or as necessary to fulfill the legitimate interests of Xerox, including to: (i) provide you with products and services; (ii) manage, administer and operate our business; (iii) meet our contractual and legal obligations; (iv) carry out direct marketing; (v) prevent fraud; and (vi) protect the security of our systems and our customers.
Personal data that is submitted in a business capacity may be merged with available business database directories. uses personal data to:
respond to your questions and communicate with you;
share news, updates, or helpful tips about products and services;
customize, analyze, and improve our products, services, technologies, communications and relationships with you;
deliver products and services requested by you;
notify you about administrative matters that pertain to your products or services; and
in the event of a merger or acquisition of or a substantial portion of its assets, disclose or transfer personal data to the surviving or acquiring party, respectively.
How We Share Personal Data
We share your personal data as necessary to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you have requested or authorized. For example, when you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share your payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction.
We share personal data among affiliates and subsidiaries to efficiently manage the operation of our business. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement or in our contracts with you. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in maintaining and servicing products via our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies are required by contract to abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will transfer or disclose personal data when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
Protect our customers, for example to prevent attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone; or
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Where We Process and Store Personal Data
Personal data collected by may be transferred to, stored and processed in your region, the United States, or any other country in which or its subsidiaries, affiliates, sub-contractors, agents or partners maintain facilities. Our subsidiaries, affiliates, sub-contractors, agents and partners are required by contract to safeguard any personal data they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal data for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by Xerox. We also take steps to provide adequate protection for any transfers of your personal data in accordance with applicable law.
Our privacy guidelines are communicated to employees on an annual basis as part of our mandatory training program. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this privacy statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and the requirements of applicable law wherever the data is located. Sometimes we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries. When we do, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure any required rights and protections apply to your data.
complies with the EU-Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-Privacy Shield Framework established by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov .
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy statement should first contact at: privacy@xerox.com and indicate “Privacy Shield” in the Subject line.
further commits to cooperate with the panel established by the data protection authorities or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable, and comply with the advice given by the panel or commissioner with regard to data transferred from the or Switzerland. You may also be able, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Xerox’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the services and transactions you have requested or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Actual retention periods can vary. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long personal data is needed to provide our products or operate our business; (ii) whether the personal data is of a sensitive type; and (iii) whether is subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. However if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature.
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw consent at any time for future processing;
Where applicable, you have a right to request from us, (i) access to and receipt of personal data, (ii) transfer of personal data, and (iii) rectification or deletion of your personal data;
You may also have a right to object to or restrict the processing of your personal data;
You have the right to object to direct marketing; and
You have a right to file a complaint with a regulator or data protection authority.
You may contact to check the accuracy of your personal data or to request that your information be updated or deleted by writing to privacy@xerox.com . Please indicate "Access" in the subject line and let us know the details of your request in the body of the message. reserves the right to confirm your identity and to modify the scope and number of requests. In certain cases, your request may be denied on the basis of a legitimate exception or where we are legally prevented from honoring such request.
does not direct any part of its website to children under 13 years old (or such age as a child is defined by local law if higher) and does not knowingly collect personal data from children or target its website or products to children.
is committed to protecting the security of your personal data and maintains strict access control over it. We utilize reasonable and appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard personal information we collect and process. Only authorized personnel, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, and partners are allowed to handle information submitted to Xerox.
websites store personal data in password-protected environments on servers that are subject to Xerox's information security policies, standards, and procedures. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit sensitive personal data such as a password over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption.
To ensure that you can purchase with confidence from websites, protects credit card information submitted online with industry-standard encryption technology or tokenization.
Our Agents and Partners Protect Personal Data
When you provide personal data to Xerox, it may be necessary to transfer personal data to our subsidiaries, affiliates, agents or partners, who then fulfill the orders or provide the services. requires that its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents and partners handle personal data with the same concern for personal data privacy as Xerox.
uses cookies to recognize repeat visits to our websites and to facilitate Web navigation and online shopping. The cookies store your country and language, along with an assigned random session In some cases, the cookies store name and address information so you do not have to re-enter this information in multiple forms.
The cookie information that collects helps us track the number of visitors to our websites over time and determine whether these were new or repeat visits.
also works with third party advertising partners that use cookies to deliver advertising on other websites and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns. For example, we use Google Analytics to track website usage and activity. Read more about how Google Analytics uses your information here .
web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer or other device when you view a web page or email.
and our third party advertising partners may use web beacons on our websites, in our emails, and in our advertisements on other websites to measure the effectiveness of our websites and our advertising. For example, web beacons may count the number of individuals who visit our websites from a particular advertisement or the number of individuals who open or act upon an email message.
and our third party advertising partners may use cookies or web beacons to collect information for the purposes of interest-based advertising based on your visits to Xerox.com and other web sites. These cookies identify the pages you view, the links and ads you click on, other actions you take on those websites, and the referring website. Similarly, online advertisers use cookies to deliver advertising to you for companies other than based on your visits to Xerox.com and other websites.
may send commercial email to you advertising our products and services. You can also subscribe to various product and service-specific communications on our websites. If you receive commercial email from and wish to discontinue these mailings, you may unsubscribe at www.xerox.com/unsubscribe or via an ‘opt-out’ provided in the communication . You may also mail an unsubscribe request to:
This unsubscribe option does not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings, software updates, or other administrative and transactional notices, the primary purpose of which is not promotional in nature.
Contact commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal data.
To report your inquiries or concerns to the Business Ethics and Compliance Office please contact the Ethics Helpline. The Ethics Helpline is confidential and anonymous, if you so desire, and is available online and via the toll-free number listed below.
Limited is our representative for the European Economic Area and Switzerland:
The subsidiary in your country or region can be found here .
If you have questions about products or services, call us toll-free at 1-800-ASK-or 1-800-275-9376. More contact information is available on www.xerox.com if you have questions about support, sales, corporate information, scholarships, research and innovation, or services.
Partner with has always been at the forefront of innovation in document technology. We form strong and lasting partnerships with like-minded companies to create solutions and to take them to market. Working together, we help our joint customers of all sizes meet their document challenges.
offer our products and services to your customers
offer Xerox-driven printing
work with us to deliver solutions
, we have a partnership to meet your needs.
Partner and prosper with the industry innovator. offers award-winning technology and the broadest portfolio of managed print services in the industry. received the prestigious 
, bestowed on programs whose overall rating is among the elite.
Learn about our Global Partner Program
Get Started as a Agent
By exclusively selling Xerox, you receive full access to our hardware, software, managed services, solutions and supplies. We will assist in the delivery of comprehensive post-sales service and technical support to your customers.
The Business Innovation Partner Program brings together leading document technology software and hardware providers, using Open Technology Platforms, to create unique solutions that extend the power of products, solutions and services.
Work with us to create world-leading applications to extend the functionality of our products and services. Take advantage of our standards-based interfaces to create and market your own solutions for our customers.
This is an exclusive global community of customers who are today’s leading print and marketing services providers. Members benefit from peer-to-peer networking, education, best practices, and regional events. If you’d like to learn more, please discuss with your sales rep.
Channel Partners, log in to the Global Partner Program portal.
Security Solutions for Documents and Printing
We blend innovation and expertise in work processes to prevent data from getting into the wrong hands.
Product and Data Security Solutions at Security is critical to every business, and we take it seriously at Xerox. We equip printers and multifunction printers (MFPs) with several secure print features to protect your organization’s most sensitive data. Our software and apps ensure digital data is safeguarded as you share it via the cloud and mobile devices. And Managed Print Services is just one of the many ways we deliver document security expertise and solutions to our customers. Check out these security solutions videos and resources to see how we protect your valuable business information.
experts discuss teaching machines to learn like human children, and building intrinsic security into AI.
Dov Yoran from Cisco discusses how security teams of tomorrow can better secure corporate environments.
Dr. Jay explains why securing the Internet of Things is not an impossible feat.    
Find more articles about security on our blog.
offers end-to-end services to deploy and integrate security and control into your existing print and infrastructure.
Print-based processes become even more cost efficient, secure and automated with these print management tools.
Get the inside track on print security with our quick-start guide.
Get the inside track on top security issues and learn how to keep your print environment smart and secure
hands-on guide plus checklists to help buying teams make smart security choices
Benchmark printer and data security
Trust ConnectKey comprehensive security to protect your confidential data and documents.
Avoid data breaches and document mishaps. Xerox® ConnectKey® technology helps keep data secure.
If your printer isn’t right for your office, your document security’s at stake. Read 5 ways that happens.
Interactive guide to practical document security solutions
Here’s what you need to know about the General Data Protection Regulation.
Protect your data from print and document vulnerabilities.
Today, securing your printing is one of the best steps you can take to protect your business-critical information.
Transform your printer from security risk to security asset.
Learn how to protect every device on your network, detect intrusions and prevent security threats.
Product Security for Secure Printing
Step Ahead: Focus on Security
(NYSE:XRX) is the world's leading document management technology and services enterprise. $17 billion company, provides the document industry's broadest portfolio of offerings. Digital systems include color and black-and-white printing and publishing systems, digital presses and "book factories," multifunction devices, laser and solid ink network printers, copiers and fax machines. Xerox's services expertise is unmatched and includes helping businesses develop online document archives, analyzing how employees can most efficiently share documents and knowledge in the office, operating in-house print shops or mailrooms, and building Web-based processes for personalizing direct mail, invoices, brochures and more. also offers associated software, support and supplies such as toner, paper and ink.
office equipment offers a wide range of multifunction printers. Find office printing solutions that deliver flexibility and advanced features to be your copier, printer, scanner, and fax machine all in one multifunction printer to suit personal to high use workgroups.
complete line of office color laser multifunction printers and solid ink multifunction printers that are your copier, printer, scanner and fax machine all in one. Color laser multifunction printers and solid ink multifunction printers offer cost savings and office efficiency.
Black and white multifunction printers that output at speeds up to 30 pages per minute.
Black and white multifunction printers that output at speeds faster than 30 pages per minute.
office printing solutions offer printers with a range of features and office printing solutions including award winning Phaser printers and eco-friendly solid ink printers. 
Color laser printers and solid ink printers that meet every office need. Find performance features for color laser printers and solid ink printers that support small to large workgroups and maximize efficiency.
Hard working and easy to use black and white laser printers your office can depend on.
Find copiers for small to heavy jobs. Black and white copiers handle different paper sizes, and you can choose copiers with different speeds to meet your office equipment needs. Our fast and affordable digital copiers provide unbeatable value.
Black and White Copiers Up to 30 ppm
Black and white copiers that copy at speeds up to 30 pages per minute.
Black and white copiers that copy at speeds faster than 30 pages per minute.
Get more out of your hardware investment with innovative software and solutions designed to increase your productivity, improve your communication, and save you money.
Full color, high speed, digital printing press models that offer benchmark productivity, print quality, and economics.
Digital color printing press models integrate digital color printing into your current workflow to enable applications such as print on demand and one-to-one marketing.
Productive monochrome and highlight color printing and publishing printers with unmatched flexibility and reliability for all digital printing press applications.
Fast, reliable monochrome digital presses for transaction printing and publishing environments.
Expand your digital print capabilities with advanced printers and copiers for your biggest jobs.
Cost-effective printers provide high-quality color for a broad range of digital print applications.
High-speed, high volume copier/printers and copiers for cost-effective digital print productivity and image quality.
Productive monochrome and highlight color printing and publishing printers with unmatched flexibility and reliability for all digital printing press applications.
Fast, reliable monochrome digital presses for transaction printing and publishing environments.
Superior image quality, speed and flexibility (including MICR) combined with maximum uptime boosts productivity and reduces costs.
The FreeFlow™ workflow software offerings integrate easily in your current workflow and give you the freedom and flexibility to incorporate the components that work best for you.
Production workflow solutions and software boost productivity, reduce costs, and enable new applications.
Turn your press into a complete workflow solution with feeding and print finishing equipment.
Proven document services reduce cost, drive efficiency, shorten time to revenue, and enhance your customers’ experience.
Are you wasting time, money and effort with outdated document supply chain processes?
Are you fully capitalizing on the customers you already have?
What is keeping you from going digital?
Do you know how to automate your document processes?
Do you know the true cost of managing your print environment?
Are your employees wasting energy managing print devices when they could be contributing to your business results?
Are you looking for environmentally friendly, more sustainable business practices?
Did you know that your print devices may be a security issue?
Do you want proven, guaranteed results?
We are committed to environmentally responsible business practices. Over the last 20 years, our supplies recycling programs have kept more than 145 million pounds of waste out of landfills. Thank you for your commitment to the environment. To learn more, select your country below.
-------------------------- 
Any software that is available on this Site ("Software") is the copyrighted work of and/or its licensors. Copying or reproducing the Software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is prohibited, unless such reproduction or redistribution is permitted by a license agreement accompanying such Software. You may not create derivative works of the Software, or attempt to decompile or reverse-engineer the Software unless otherwise permitted by law. Use of the Software is subject to the license terms of any license agreement that may accompany or is provided with the Software.
Government Restricted Rights: The Software available on this Site and accompanying documentation that is downloaded from this Server for or on behalf of the United States of America, its agencies and/or instrumentalities are provided with Restricted Rights. You agree to meet all requirements necessary to ensure that the Federal Government will honor such rights. Disclosure, use or reproduction of the Software and accompanying documentation are subject to restrictions set forth at Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.227-14, when applicable, or in the Department of Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations Supplement 252.227-7013.
Links to other web sites are provided solely as a convenience to you. does not endorse such sites and is not responsible for their content. If you decide to access any of the sites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
This web site may contain forward-looking statements and information relating to that are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to us. The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements. Information concerning certain factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is included in the company's 10-and 10-filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We do not intend to update these forward-looking statements.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts law. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating in any way to this Site will be brought exclusively in the Federal or State courts located in the State of New York and you irrevocably agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. You further agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless and its agents and affiliates against any claim, liability, expense or damages arising from or relating to your use of the Site. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not effect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Innovation for Sustainable Products & Services
Striving for a Circular Economy
We fully embrace our environmental, social and governance responsibilities and we are committed to conducting business in ways that positively impact the world.
in our supply chain, respect human 
where all of our employees 
From our sustainable products to
 innovations within our own operations, we’re committed to reducing our environmental impact and that of our customers.
We believe in the importance of giving
back to our communities and in the
This report is in accordance with the core reporting requirements of the Global Reporting Initiative standards.
View a summary of our goals and progress on our dashboard.
is No. 3 in “Computers” category, ahead of our competitors.
Six Ways to Growth by Thinking Differently about Your Business
Lessons from innovation to find new growth markets.
Reverse Supply Chain Makes Every Day Earth Day
practices reduce, reuse and recycle at its R2 certified facility in the United States.
Help Preserve the Planet After Earth Day is Over
We asked 27 employees how they use the 3 R’s in their everyday lives. And they told us.
Teach, mentor, and be a role model. This is how you ensure a diverse and prepared engineering workforce.
People Take a Day Off for Their Communities
500 employees spend a day weeding, painting and sprucing up for non-profits.
Inspiration, press for progress, and career advice from women at all levels around the world.
One of the things love most about my job at is that get to work with people in various groups and lines of business.
Technology that plants trees as you print pages? PrintReleaf is here.
Cyber Security Insights from Four Experts You Can Trust
Four security experts will help you think differently about data security, so you can keep your information technology systems safe. 
Is One of World’s Most Ethical Companies for 12th Consecutive Year
If it seems like old news that has been named among Ethisphere Institute's World's Most Ethical Companies for 2018, it may be because this is the 12th time we've made the list.
Set up automatic meter reads with Remote Print Services
Learn how to read your invoice
Learn more about metered supplies
Buy supplies at your special catalog prices (My Supplies) 
Personalize with MySupport
Online training - get trained on your equipment
								A: The Keycode allows you to execute a single renewal using only the Keycode assigned to the specific purchase order. No account login is required; validation is tied to the Keycode.
Each is assigned a unique Keycode which expires annually.
No account modifications are permitted based upon Keycode access. Modifications to billing addresses, purchasing agent addresses, inventories, or notifications preferences are not accessible.
Customers using the Keycode must go through a pricing acceptance screen.
fully enabled audit trail of the transaction will be enabled.
Behaving responsibly as a global citizen is an inextricable part of our heritage, and we uphold the highest ideals of integrity, innovation and excellence in all we do. By strategically transforming our business in 2017, we positioned ourselves for sustained success. Come see how we continue to help people, communities and the planet grow and thrive.
Learn how we’re delivering on our commitments and giving back to the world in which we live and work by viewing the 
, an overview of corporate social responsibility priorities, goals and progress.
 for a deeper dive into our story.
Chief Executive Officer John Visentin introduces our 2018 report on corporate social responsibility and discusses how innovation, ethical business practices and protecting our planet remain at the core of everything we do.
We turn investments in innovation into technology and services that help our customers be more productive, profitable and sustainable. We do this with the same core values our founder established decades ago. Review our 2018 Corporate Social Responsibility Progress Summary to learn more about how we conduct business ethically and in an environmentally and socially conscious manner to help our customers, empower our people, and protect our planet.
Protecting the environment is in our and the way we do business. For decades, we’ve been managing our operations responsibly and delivering products and services that help our customers and the planet.
See our commitment to sustainability
Take a look back at our past reports on corporate social responsibility.
We fully embrace our social and environmental responsibilities, and we are committed to conducting business in ways that positively impact the world.
Security threats never cease, so “one and done” data protection is not enough. Ongoing partnership is best.
Documents carry critical information that helps run your business and serve your customers. Our document management technology and expertise ensure your business information stays accessible, flexible and secure. Whether it's in paper, digital or both, our document solutions and services help you get maximum information value while streamlining document processes.
Gain visibility and control of document processes and costs. You'll save money, automate steps and boost productivity.
See how our workflow automation solutions create simpler, more efficient business processes beyond the move to digital.
Our marketing and communication services help you attract and keep customers by improving your marketing processes.
Learn how our enterprise content management (ECM) services manage content from creation, collaboration, and processing to retention and archiving.
Our digital transformation services streamline business processes, saving you time, money and resources. 
Knowledge workers can work quickly and easily—even while mobile—and organizations can gain security and control. 
Gain print spend visibility and a single point of accountability with one-stop shopping for all of your documents.
Gamification dashboard motivates employees to make better print choices, and analytics show overall savings and progress.
Achieve Long-term Business Results
Improve your document processes and accelerate workflow, making your business more profitable and efficient. 
Methodist Healthcare saved $2 million per year with Xerox-managed printing — savings that support patient care.
Your documents have so much to tell you.  Are you listening?
Security Solutions for Documents and Printing
Security is critical to every business, and we take it seriously at Xerox.
Cost-effectively produce transactional documents while upholding compliance, privacy, data integrity and branding. 
Cloud content management for the digital workplace
Cloud content management for the digital workplace
Collaboration in the Modern Workplace
Enterprise content management offers a better way to manage paper and digital content from creation to retention to transformation. Capture, store and share documents either on-premise or by cloud. Automate time-consuming, document-heavy processes like accounts payable, onboarding, contract management and mortgage processing.
Agile and adaptive, DocuShare® Flex delivers cloud-based, software-as-a-service (SaaS) content management with rapid implementation and on-boarding to SMBs & departments.
Built to provide better performance for any organization, DocuShare® 7 delivers robust content management to enterprise groups both on-premise and in the cloud.
Simplify tasks with a highly productive scanning solution that's easy to set up and use.
Protect your content from unauthorized access with our secure and easy-to-use Enterprise Content Management application
User ratings-based report helps businesses make technology buying decisions, and positions Xerox® DocuShare® as a leader
For the 4th year in a row, wins the coveted Document Imaging Software Line of the Year award from BLI.
500 boxes of paper gone. Just like that.
turned a century's worth of documents into a modern, digital system for a nonprofit client.
Eliminate paper, boost productivity and cut costs, automating your paper-to-digital workflow.
For more information about our Document Management Solutions, please provide your information below and a representative will contact you within one business day.
    Thank you for your inquiry. sales professional will contact you shortly.  
Whether you are looking for assistance setting up your new office printer or implementing a more complex end-to-end solution, ®
 can help your organization become more productive and effective. Our national group of systems analysts, professional trainers, and advanced consultants can work with your staff to make your business operate at peak efficiency through delivery of our Consulting Services and Customer Training offerings.
If you are looking for a way to acquire consulting and training for ongoing support, then Services Advantage
 Professional Services may be the best choice for you. It lets you take advantage of Analyst and Trainer services in the most flexible way possible.
offers total support with a complete portfolio of product, application, and network services with the same approach to quality as our award winning solutions. Our Consulting Services Organization has a global team of highly skilled individuals. They have the expertise to provide printing workflow support for all industries and applications served by Xerox.
The Consulting Services systems analysts have achieved a number of industry certifications from companies that include: CompTIA, Microsoft, Apple and Adobe. In addition, our analysts have expertise in: Color Management, Networks, Printing Technologies, Print Data Streams, Variable Data/Variable Information, Database, Security, Transaction Printing, Document Imaging, Document Management, and Project Management.
We deliver a range of Consulting Services that enable your operation to run more cost effectively as your business needs and systems infrastructure evolve:
Workflow requirements analysis/assessment
In addition, Advanced Consultants can provide professional services to help enable your Variable Information applications. We have experience with a wide range of application software packages. Services available include:
Leverage the power of Consulting Services. For more information 
Maximize the efficiency of your most important asset - your people. Ensuring that your employees are well-trained is an essential part of any solution implementation from Xerox. Let help you on the path to developing a motivated and efficient staff, and by doing so, grow your return on investment.
From the basic to the more complex, our professional instructors are dedicated to teaching your employees how to maximize the effectiveness of your printing and workflow solution. Training programs will be customized to focus on the requirements of your people and how they can become more productive through enhanced skills and more effective work processes. For example, our training can address the following topics:
Your New Product - Learn how to best apply the features and capabilities of your new product to meet your needs.
Your Productivity - Learn how your solution can be used to enhance your document management workflow to enable maximum productivity.
Your Environment - Learn how you can realize maximum value from your solutions within your current technical and workflow environment.
Course material is flexible and classes are cost-effective - adapted to suit your organization's needs. also provides targeted online and self-training options at no additional cost to you. To register, login, or check if online training is available for your equipment, visit 
Instructor led training is available for the following product offerings
Office monochrome printers and MFPs
Office color printers and MFPs
Mid- to high-volume production color printers
Take a look at some of the training opportunities available for office equipment and production business development:
We're here to help.
