was the first commercialized three dimensional
and competitive cost... 
was founded in 1998 at JhongLi Industrial Park, Taiwan and was the first commercialized three dimensional wafer level chip scale packaging (3WLCSP) company. Started from image sensor, offers the best production cycle time and competitive cost. With the highest product integration capability, 3technology can be applied into various market segments, such as consumer, communication, PC, industrial and automotive. The product applications include Image Sensors, Optical Sensors, Power Management IC, Power Discrete, Analog IC, Mixed Signal IC, and Integrated Passive Device (IPD) etc.
engages in innovative 3packaging manufacture services, guided by our core value of Integrity, Innovation and Customer orientation. is one of the world's leading subcontractors of advanced packaging services and to be the largest 3service provider.
was founded in 1998 at JhongLi Industrial Park, Taiwan and was the first commercialized three dimensional wafer level chip scale packaging (3WLCSP) company. Started from image sensor, offers the best production cycle time and competitive cost. With the highest product integration capability, 3technology can be applied into various market segments, such as consumer, communication, PC, industrial and automotive. The product applications include Image Sensors, Optical Sensors, Power Management IC, Power Discrete, Analog IC, Mixed Signal IC, and Integrated Passive Device (IPD) etc. 
He served as several Fab Directors at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and held senior management positions for Subsidiaries or invested firms.
He served as manager of thin film technical board at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC).  
He also served as senior division manager at HannStar Display Corp. prior to joining Xintec.
He served as deputy division manager of technical board at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC).
He served as accounting manager at Corp.
He served as section manager in Fab 12th at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC). 
He served as  section manager in Quality Management System Division at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and transferred to Customer Service Technical Manager. 
He served as section manager in Fab 12th at Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC). 
Be the best advanced wafer level packaging foundry service provider.
Integrity: Being honest to customers, shareholder and ourselves. Willing to commit and always fulfill commitment.
Innovation: Passionately generate and realize value adding ideas.
Customer Orientation: Offer customer desired technology, robust production, excellent quality and premium service.
shall abide by the operational philosophies of honesty, transparency and responsibility, base policies on the principle of good faith and establish good corporate governance and risk control and management mechanism so as to create an operational environment for sustainable development.  The Board delegates various responsibilities and authority to two Board Committees, Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. Each Committee has a written charter approved by the Board. Each Committee’s chairperson regularly reports to the Board on the activities and actions of the relevant committee. The Audit Committee and Compensation Committee consist solely of independent directors.
Chairman appoints the Sr. Director of Finance Organization as the Xintec’s Board secretary. Finance Organization is in charge of assisting in related affairs, including furnishing information required for business decisions by Directors, handling matters relating to the Board and Shareholders’ meetings, recording minutes of the mentioned meetings and handling corporate registration and amendment registration. Director of Legal Division is in charge of Xintec’s Audit Committee secretary for handling matters and producing minutes relating to audit committee meetings.
For corporate governance needs, also set up rules and regulations such as “Corporate Governance Best Practice Principles”, “Corporate Social Responsibility Best Practice Principles” and “Procedures for Ethical Management and Guidelines for Conduct”  etc. for employees to follow. established “Integrity Operation Code” and required all employees to understand and abide by the business code of ethics and individual integrity clearly, and to insist on honesty, seriousness and dedicatedly to carry out one's job. conducted Ethical training courses for employees on a regular or irregular basis. offered suggestion box and complain system as Employee Relations Hotline for employees to express their opinions regarding their work and the other issues. The employee relations team ensured all cases are handled with care under the supervision of the top-line managers. also set up reporting system of ethical behavior violation on Xintec's website for customers, vendors or other third parties interested. promised to keep information confidential and identity for whistleblower unless otherwise required by law.
In terms of environmental protection, complied with laws and regulations related to sustainable development such as environmental protection, safety and green products, and paid attention to international environmental development trends continuously to strengthen green environmental responsibility. To fulfill the duties of a member of the global community, planed and implemented various carbon footprint reduction programs to cut electric energy consumption and reduce dgreenhouse-gas (GHG) emissions. The performance please refers to Xintec’s report.
The results of Xintec's corporate governance evaluation in year 2016 and 2017 which conducted by were listed on the top 5%.
Establishing Safe and Healthy Working Environment
