is the Technology Transfer company of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Our mission is to benefit society by converting extraordinary innovations and transformational technologies into commercial solutions that address our most urgent global challenges.
We are leaders in innovation and experts in technology and evaluation acquisition strategies. Together with Hebrew University’s top researchers, is bridging breakthrough academic research with scientific and commercial applications.  
Hebrew University-Bezalel-Azrieli Consortium Wins First Place—and $5 Million Dollar Award—to Create Jerusalem Entrepreneurship Center
Announces New Platform for 3Printing of Personalized Medicine
Hebrew University Researchers unveiled a new technology that will head a new era of drug manufacturing and delivery: an innovative platform for 3printing personalized medicine.
Leads Israeli Tech Transfer Generating Nearly Half of all Academic Licensing and Spinouts in 2017
currently dominates academic tech transfer in Israel, and in 2017 was responsible for nearly half of all tech transfer licensing agreements signed by universities as well as new company formations
Calcalist, October 9, 2018, The new fund will focus on innovations in the fields of smart materials, 3pritning, quantum science, and renewable energy
Becoming a member of entitles you to receive regular updates on projects according to your areas of interest.
is the technology transfer company of The Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Founded in 1964, it is the 3rd company of its kind ever created, and has a rich tradition of innovation and commercialization. Through our efforts to identify and create breakthrough scientific research at Hebrew University, we aspire to advance commercial solutions to the most pressing global challenges facing humanity.
Some of our well-known spin-off companies include Mobileye, Orcam, Collplant, Qlight, and Briefcam. Yissum’s business partners span the globe and include companies such as Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, Merck, Intel, Google, Boston Scientific, and many more.
Long-term industry-university collaborations through sponsored research, licensing options and master collaborations.
Education and training within and outside the university
believes in nurturing the next generation of entrepreneurs and ideas in their earliest stages. Through our various sponsorship and participation in vehicles dedicated to IDEATION, we support the development of early stage research while providing access to top level education and training, including guidance and feedback from experienced mentors.
Spark HUJI, an affiliate of the Spark Global network, is a biotechnology accelerator focused on personalized medicine, digital health, drug repurposing, and drug reformulations. Spark HUJI, in partnership with the Hebrew University Faculty of Medicine, aims to increase the chances of project commercialization through a global mentorship program, and by leveraging our unique partnership between university and industry experts to create successful product concepts and business models.
, an acceleration track of HUstart, supports the development of groundbreaking early stage research at the Robert Smith Faculty of Agriculture, Food, and Environment into valuable technological innovations with significant commercial potential. prepares entrepreneurs with the necessary material to seek investments for their early stage innovations. 
Labs/02  is Jerusalem based value-added incubator committed to investing in early stage start-ups in the AI, computer vision, deep learning, autonomic transportation and smart city sectors. It is backed by OurCrowd, Motorola Solutions, Reliance Industries, Israel Innovation Authority, and Yissum.
BioDesign,The Hebrew University medical innovation accelerator is a partnership between Yissum, the Grass Center for Bioengineering, the Jerusalem School of Business Administration and the Hadassah Medical Center. The program creates multidisciplinary groups of medical, engineering and business fellows, providing clinical immersion, market analysis, intellectual property support, prototyping and business plan backing with the intent of guiding the groups to bring medical innovation to the market. BioDesign has launched 7 spinoffs since its inception in 2013, raising over $3 million in investment. 
will be launching the NanoTechFund in 2018 to serve as an investment vehicle for Hebrew University technologies that are focused on advanced materials and nanotechnology. The fund will consider technologies related to integrated solutions using performance materials such as 3printing, quantum materials, and solar cells.
Yissum’s HUnicorns™ are a carefully selected small group of Hebrew University spinouts built on transformational scientific breakthroughs which address global problems in remarkably innovative ways – offering solutions that will fundamentally change our tomorrows.   
Becoming a member of entitles you to receive regular updates on projects according to your areas of interest.
Dr. Yaron Daniely is the and President of Yissum. Before joining in 2017, he served for eight years as President, and Director of Alcobra Ltd. Prior to his appointment at Alcobra, Yaron was President and of 
Sharon Cohen has served as Yissum’s since 2010, after first serving as Yissum’s Controller for four years. Sharon’s previous experience includes positions in the Finance department of the Jewish Agency and at Somekh 
Tamir Huberman is Yissum’s Chief Information Officer (CIO) and oversees Yissum’s marketing activity.  Previously, Tamir was Vice-President of Business Development, Computer Science and Director of at (Israel Technology 
Dr. Itzik Goldwaser is of Alliances and Contracts Management at Yissum. Itzik has over 20 years of experience in the bio-pharmaceutical industry, spanning executive and R&management roles in the biotechnology, chemical, and 
Bob Trachtenberg joined in 2006 as its first General Counsel. In this role he manages all aspects of Yissum’s legal work, including technology licensing and intellectual property protection. An attorney with over 35 years 
Aviv Shoher is Senior Vice-President of Business Development at with overall responsibility for the Business Development group and management of strategic initiatives. Aviv brings with him vast experience in the innovation 
Yoav Hirsch is a Senior Vice-President of Scouting, Ideation and Technology Evaluation at and is responsible for identifying beneficial research and promoting innovative collaborations primarily in the fields of life sciences and 
VP, Scouting, Ideation, and Technology Evaluation, Healthcare
Manager, Scouting, Ideation, and Technology Evaluation
Manager, Scouting, Ideation, and Technology Evaluation
Manager, Scouting, Ideation, and Technology Evaluation
Becoming a member of entitles you to receive regular updates on projects according to your areas of interest.
